great - when the unit still works.i've been through four of these expensive units. they work great on my great pyrenees dog. at least they work for awhile. then i end up trying to figure out if the batteries are dead, then if the new batteries i put in were dead to begin with, and then i send it back for repair. once i got back a unit that worked again - for awhile. then i got back a unit that never worked again.i stopped sending in my broken units after that...so - in desperation, and impending poverty, i switched to a shock collar; it was either that or what my breeder calls a "blue juice special". it also worked - and yes, i tried it on myself and decided that it wasn't cruel at all. but the punchline is this: the shock collars broke at about the same rate as the citronella collar. at least they were cheaper, so i didn't lose as much money
not very durable..i have purchased a total of three of these collar. they seem to work great for a while then they they need the dog to bark louder and more often to get them to activate. then, after a few months, they quit working altogether. i check the charge and the batteries and that's not the problem. i don't think they are for large outdoor dogs
de-evolution.this item did not work when i got it.  i returned it to zelco, who informed me that it was my error, they did not do refunds, and returned it to me...i had a previous model zelco that worked great for 10-15 years.  it had a switch.  this new one does not have a switch and at this time will not turn off...gr
my impression.dear customer service,.i am please about the refund; i am please about all thinks that i purchase from you..the web page where i bought: zelco "itty bitty" book light, volume 2 i believe is not clear..by looking the page i had the impression that i was going to buy a mini lamp where i was able to use the adapter for 110 volt and the lamp is a led lamp. .at list this was my impression..sincerely,.adrian
don't buy this product.light is beautiful and functional, and so great for traveling, but first led light failed almost immediately and second after about 2 months.  too bad.
not worth the money.not only did this product have no effect on the manic barking of our own dogs, but the company also refused to provide a refund/replacement after the product arrived with a broken chunk out of the cheap plastic casing.  after sitting out in a rainstorm, the super bark stop shorted out and is now totally worthless.  find another product - you'll thank me later
didn't work for me, but your mileage may vary.i bought this device in the hope of eliminating or significantly reducing the noise emanating from my neighbor's mutt.  the offending dog is often left on the neighbor's porch, where it harasses just about every living thing that passes by...before ordering, i had read varying accounts of its range in terms of how close the unit must be to the dog in order to attain the desired effect.  in my case, the neighbor's porch is about 35 to 60 feet aware from mine.  unfortunately, this was not "too close for comfort" as far as the dog was concerned...having read a number of very mixed reviews of this and similar devices, i was not overly optimistic about the prospect of it actually working.  alas, it did not.  some dogs just don't hear them.  in my case, it was probably due at least in part to the distance...my suggestion is to go ahead and pick up one of these devices if and only if you are within 20' of the target.  if it doesn't work, go ahead and return it to the manufacturer for a refund (which is exactly what i did).  by the way, you don't need an ra (aka rma) number to return the device.  just send it to the company along with your receipt, and a note saying that you would like a refund (not an exchange)...(...)  i sympathize with anyone having this problem, and wish you all the best of luck.  no one deserves to have their peace and quiet disturbed without good reason, and the argument that "dogs bark" simply does not hold any water
zelco real wall clock.clock is smaller than i thought, and is only intended to take up about a square foot of wall.  made of cheap materials, definitely not worth $25
bark control.i set it up for my dogs because they bark whenever they hear a noise or if someone rings bell, i have 3 dogs, i put it on and they went beserk, they started going after each other, i didn't hear anything myself, but i am quite sure the dogs did, like i said they acted very badly towards each other, the tone must have made them lash out like that. i cannot use it anymore.
no effect on the dogs.i picked this up after reading the 50/50 reviews.  one of our dogs ran over to it and jumped up to see what it was as it buzzed away.  the other just wandered around and took no notice.  neither seemed scared/bothered at all.  this product had zero affect on our dogs' barking.  i'm going to return it
dog interested in noise, not detered from barking.my beagle (13 mo.) cocks her head showing that she hears something with a slight pause in the barking process but does not deter her from barking at a later time.  does nothing for howling and will only go off for loud barks, not smaller barking or any form of whining (even if extremely loud)
buy a different brand - 1 star is too many for this one.dogs and cats react only because the sound is novel to them.  the device i received and the replacement after that were so low powered that some animals walk over out of curiosity, some don't react at all and the ones that it scares is only because the new sound startles them.  i had a chance to try a different brand years ago and i know from that experience that this brand is a toy in comparison.  if you think this will protect then give it to your kids and watch how fast they get themselve eaten.  there you go, suicide by dog, that's a good use for it.  may be it is just quality control, you might get lucky,  if not then you might have to deal with a seller that won't return calls or e-mail, like i did.  so you bypass by finding his supplier and get a replacement that is just as bad.  go to the website and they are obviously throwing away the bad reviews they get and posting only favorable ones.  i hate being cheated.  score another point for the bad guys
dogs will pay attention to this..but...it requires effort from owners.  bought this to help control our sheltie's barking behavior.  when we first tried it, he would stop and look around to see where the sound was coming from.  we noticed that this alone wouldn't stop his bark and required us to work with him by using voice commands like 'no' or 'quiet'. this  meant alot of time and patience working with him and my kids didn't help very much.  they have a tendency to push the button and not do the commands.  so now the dog thinks that the sound comes from the birds that he likes to bark at...lots of re-training to do here...well the dog hasn't stopped barking and obeying yet, but we haven't been as good at working with him either.  my next purchase will probably be a citronella collar..i'm opposed to the shock treatment from shock collars as this seems cruel and can teach some dogs to be mean.  better still maybe a good book on dog training is in order.. .my oldest daughter used this when walking the dog around the neighborhood and found that it did stop some of the neighbor's dogs from barking or at least got their attention...my question now is could this possibly stop or delay a dog attack??...at least long enough to get away or somehow protect yourself.   not sure i would want to risk trying this though but it might be worth taking on walks..just in case.
not for all dogs.i have a very hyper mini schnauzer and i thought that i could control her aggressive barking and yapping.  it is very out of control and this device didnt help at all. i know am purchasing a tritronic no bark shock collar.  a friend has one and recommended it to me.  they are 99 dollars but this is 25 and not worth a dime to me. the dazer does get animals attention for a while but they soon get use to it and then all you can do for it to be effective is to throw it at them.
did not work.i have ordered this unit twice this past month, the first one did not work properly in one of the units, the signal was distorted. after returning it to the supplier, i ordered it again from another amazon supplier and one of the units did not work at all. i will now look for another brand
wireless intercom.the unit did not recieve or transmit half the distance that was reported across a flat surface.  100ft. would be pushing it
poorly designed product.i bought 3 of these to monitor my invalid mom and they don't work well. the manual is not thorough, but it does tell you after you bought the product that there is a one-second delay unless you buy an ac adapter.  i just bought 12 batteries for 3 units and wasn't about to buy an ac adapter to see if that fixed it. it cut off my mom's voice and i rarely heard her message. the units also have annoying beeps that can't be turned off. no real volume control either. a very overpriced and poorly designed unit. also, the switches to adjust for conference and vox mode are small and need a small object smaller than a pen to change them. the sound is clear if it doesn't cut you off, but the units are far from user-friendly.
my real rating is 0 stars.if you want to waste your money on a useless product, then buy shedender. the people that give it a decent review on this site do so because it removes a lot of hair (specifically undercoat). however, my guess is that you are considering this product because you want less shedding. the rub is that the undercoat doesn't shed (not that much anyway) the top coat does. so all your doing with shedender is removing the undercoat that isn't the root of your shedding problem in the first place, and is needed for protection from the cold should you have a pet that goes outside...as i said, this product does remove a lot of hair. however, after a full session with the shedender, i went back to my regular wire brush and brushed out just as much hair as i usually do. the next day, i wired out just as much as i would have if i didn't use shedender. the bottom line, your pets shed from their top coat, not the bottom coat; so you're wasting your time and money with this product
commercial is total bull..i have a hefty tortoise-shell manx who is constantly shedding.  i saw the commercial for this product, and the gobs of hair it removed from the animals, and just had to have one.  boy, was i ever disappointed!  when i try to brush my cat with it, the teeth just float on top of her hair... they don't even go down into the undercoat.  maybe it's because she's chubby, i don't know, but it sure doesn't work for her.  i'm left handed, so i had to turn the blade the other way on the handle.  maybe i'm not using it right.  i'm still very disappointed.  the animals they show on television must have not been brushed in years for them to get that amount of fur off of them
furminator the more efficient tool.i got this for my cat (ocicat breed).  he's a short-haired cat that doesn't generally need much grooming except when the season changes.  shedender worked just like the commericals.  one brush and fur goes flying everywhere.  it does remove hair however the teeth of the comb are not deep so the removed hair goes either flying or stays on top of the fur towards the back.  as u can see in the picture the tool is small.  if you have the patience and extra time (and if your pet has the patience too!) u can think about saving some money with this tool.  if you want something more efficient, invest some extra money and go for the furminator instead.  i bought both and compared them but i'm keeping my furminator despite the much higher price
furminator instead.the way the brush is situated on the handle makes this brush difficult to use.  i would get the furminator instead, it has the same deshedding edge but a much easier to use overall design and it comes in larger sizes!  this technology is great and you will be so shocked when you see all the hair you are able to remove
does what it claims, but takes forever.this product does what it claims.  i recieved it a few days ago and it has performed well.  the downside of the product is the size.  it does a good job if you have an hour or more (depending on the size of your pet) to spend using it.  they tout it's price in comparison to other models costing around forty dollars or more.  i wish i had invested in the bigger, more expensive furminator.  i rate this product with two stars, only because it's a hassle and time consuming to use on a larger animal.  it would probably be worth it if you own a small dog or cat
tiny bookstand.after reading several reviews, i only read one that was negative. i concurred that perhaps one person just had different needs.  well, as soon as i opened the package i realized just how right the negative review was.  this book stand would hold up a children's soft cover back.  any of my school books are not stably supported.    i would actually have to hold up the sides of the book to read the pages.  unless you have thinner hard back textbooks (the hard back will support the pages), this is not worth buying (especially not for $20.00).  make sure you realize just how small this bookstand is. if that is with you need, then this is the one for you.
only for small books!!.after reading the one review on this site i ordered the bookmate.and eagerly awaited it as i was using a fellowes plastic bookstand for my softcover textbooks.  when it arrived i was sorely disappointed.  the back support for the book measures only about 7"x7" and the depth measurement for the book is 1"..any substantial softcover textbook whose frame is larger than 7"x7" is going to have its pages flop over backward because the stand isn't big enough.  in addition, because the depth is only 1", forget any book with say over 500 pages.  at least the fellowes stand has a back support of 12" x 9", its deficiency is its page holding arms.  i can't see how anyone using a an average sized cookbook, as perhaps this amazon category is targeted, could use this bookmate usefully
works, but not for long!.in principle, this should be a great product.  we got one and set it up in a few seconds.  our dogs responded to it very well, and stopped most of their barking.  (in spite of some false triggers when it was not screened from the wind.)  then after less than 10 days of use, it went dead.  the vendor responded politely and quickly with a free replacement unit.  that one worked great...for 5 days.  then it went catatonic, with a click every second or getting stuck in permanently on mode.  the vendor responded politely and quickly with a refund...that's 2 out of 2 units defective, which tells me there is a major defect in either the design or the quality control at the manufacturer.  instead of wasting your time, maybe you should look for a different manufacturer
bark stop ... not.it appears that the viatek product (bark stop pro) is related to the lentek design (pc16 ; asin: b0002q89o6) - they are based on a common design by a lentek engineer. i have used (tried) the viatek bark stop pro and it definitely does not work. my experience was the same as another reviewer of the lentek pc16 who noted that the unit only works on the "audible" setting - dogs will at least perk up their ears at the high pitch tone ; they completely ignore whatever is emitted on the "ultrasonic" setting. furthermore, it is often activated by extraneous noises like birds, banging doors, wind noise, etc. ..this really poor functionality is due to either poor design or poor construction / quality. i've tried two different units and they both do not work. ..the negative reenforcement concept could work if only these devices were tuned to the noise environment and could filter out all except the actual barks.
bark deterent review.the item didn't work at all.  as a matter of fact.  my dog didn't even flinch when i tested it right next to her head.  no, she's not deaf either.  we yell for her to stop barking from across the house and she hears that fine...the item actually melted in the sun (it still worked though).  i was going to return it but it said it had to be in good condition and it was all warped from the sun - oh well - lesson learned...i'm not trying to sound bitter but don't waste your money on this item.  i'm gonna try the shock collar next.  maybe i'll have better luck...thanks anyways,..mik
bad fit.i purchased this item thinking it would be great for my 5 yr old's room.  he has a 19 inch tv/vcr/dvd combo that will not fit into the space that was designed to hold a "20 inch" tv.  if you have a modern tv with speakers on the side it will not fit!!!!!  i purchased the item directly from step2 and they do not want to refund my shipping fees or pay for me to return the item!!!!
this is the best thing ever!!!.man this item is fantastic. i love wasting $80 on pointless furniture. getting a great cheap plastic looking set that holds all my games and systems.... man i must be in heaven. not only that but it breaks easily, does this thing have no limit? so i bought this great video center around a year ago.... and what happens it breaks. i had it for a couple of weeks and does it look like dog crap. it looks like you're in a baby kids room. similar to those play centers in day cares or mcdonalds. man that is lame.... i just love having children decor in my house, and it has to be $80. if i were you.... i would just let my systems, tv, and cds sit in some tubberware. believe me it would be 50x safer!
if you have a ps2, or a dvd player, don't  buy this!.i was very excited when the box first arrived at our doorstep.  my eight year old son and i managed to get the unit put together, after a little tugging to get some of the screws to go into place.  we carried it up to his room, and put the t.v. and v.c.r. into place.  my excitement turned to bitter dissapointment, however, when i tried to fit my son's ps2 games into the shelves desighned to hold cd's or vcr tapes.  the ps2, and dvd cases are too big to fit into these slots. i had just not realized that they would not work with this model. the whole reason i ordered this unit was too try to organize some of the mess in his room, so this will not work for me. i will probably try to return it, and order the newer model
one star only because there's no option for zero stars.i bought one of these last year, and put it up in our yard just five feet from the fence dividing our yard from the neighbor's yard.  this device completely failed to stop the neighbor's barking dog.  i could detect no effect whatsoever.  save your money, and try something else.  i wish i could tell you what works, but we're still looking
save your money.i was sleepless and willing to try anything.  i mounted this device on a pole facing the the neighbor's back porch, where he left his dog all night to bark incessantly.  despite all my hope, i couldn't detect any change in barking with this device deployed.  in fact, i had to abandon that side of the house until i hired a lawyer to pressure the neighbor to do something about his dog
save your money....the neighbor has a yapping mutt that barks night and day...since the police won't do anything about it, i bought this bark free...hahaha...what a joke...the darn dog barked more.....anyway...it did zero for my problem and i consider it a waste of money...
be ready to replace it.. over and over and over.this unit works great.. for a couple of months. i don't know if it's the rain or heat (neither is suppose to bother it), but after a couple of months, it simply quits sensing the barking. it gets to the point that you have to hit the sensor hole directly to get it to even trigger. in addition, the label starts to shrivel up.. a sign that it can't really handle the weather. i've sent 7 of these back.. now smarthome is smart enough to not even carry them. stay away from this dog
flip it vacuum.the flip it vacuum was a great idea but little did i know that.i would actually have to put my hand in the bin to pull out the dirt and grime after using the wet mop.  when using the wet mop-it will leave water lines where i stop, therefore i have to wipe up the floor with paper towels. when using the vacuum my.liquid cleaner drips onto my hardwood floor leaving water marks!.i have not recommended this product to anyone. a waste of $100.00
bought it, tried it, returned it.one might imagine that the whole concept of vacuuming-flip-mopping is progressive in some way, but it really does not make the job of cleaning the floor easier.  especially when the product is heavy and hard to maneuver with poor pickup.  i'd much rather go over the floor with a good vacuum, and then follow with a functional, well-designed good mop (like the old steammop they discontinued). these things function better as seperate units, which is why there's no washing machine that's also a dryer. ..the flip-it is a very loud machine--so loud, that i didn't hear my phone ring in the same room.  this makes it difficult to listen for my 3 children, too.  it's difficult to push and feels like it's gripping to the floor.  it doesn't fit into any tight places or under any low chairs/cabinets with it's big fat part-vacuum head.  and, when you're finished, it's a pain to clean out the nozzle and the filter(which you're supposed to keep dry somehow) so you can look forward to a second job once you've finished the job of cleaning your floors.  and, because of the "flip it" back and forth design, the thing has no equilibrium...it fell to the floor at least 3 times, even when i was so careful to rest it against something...once when this happened, the "dirty water" recovery tank hit the floor, fell off the machine and spilled the dirty water all over my just-cleaned floor.  a true nightmare.  i bought this product because i could no longer buy replacement filters/pads for my bissell steammop, and i thought i had better give the latest and greatest a try, but, sadly, i was disappointed.  i don't review things often, but i felt a responsibility to warn others out there who are shopping for a good mop to keep their homes clean.  this contraption is not your answer. ..on a side note, i wrote to bissell to bring back the steammop (what an excellent product), so i'm hoping that they will one day
worse product i've ever bought.i bought this set thinking is was going to look nice for a while due to the name brand and the price.  wrong... this pots get scratches from anything that goes near them.  after a few months of gentle use, they already have so many scratches on the outside and look awful.  also, the handles get really hot.
cant keep it sharp.bought a global knife a few years ago  then bought the water/ ceramic sharpening device. cannot keep this knife sharp. it sits in my block with a bunch of cheap 4 star henckels. i use the cheap sabatiers ($9 for the set and the block)..anway it's no worse than any of my other dull knives just cost mor
batteries and dc adapter don't mix!  clip destroys books.the design for using the dc adapter with this little light is extremely poor.  it is possible that i missed the warning that tells you to remove the batteries before using the dc adapter.  but, it must not have been very big.  i combined the two and ended up with batteries that leaked all over inside the battery case.  these were brand new batteries.  there does not seem to be anything protecting the batteries from the dc adapter and so the power goes right into them.  this is bad.  modern devices are expected to work with either battery or adapter without having to remove the batteries...then, after i cleaned it all up, it worked for about a week w/o the batteries installed.  then the leds started flickering.  the next day, it was dead.  to see if it had to do with the battery leak, i took the little guy apart and found that the power was still getting all of the way up into the head.  but something on the little circuit board must have blown.  ..the other part of the design that is bad is that the metal clip has a sharp edge that digs into and tears up the pages of the book.  i found this a problem with soft cover books, at least.  putting a little electrical tape of the end made it better...i had hoped that the design of this edition would last longer than previous editions.  i've gone through many zelco lights and stretched out their lifespan by repairing the poor connections as they wear out.  this one is beyond my ability and i'm done giving zelco my money.  they are a nice idea, but have no durability.  if they were cheaper, it might not be such a big deal, but for their price i would like to see them be far more durable
two purchased, two defective and returned.purchased the item, arrived defective, replacement was also defective
no good.not a good light.  the light is already fading and i don't use it very often.  very disappointed
not a good as i'd hoped..the light output of this device is inadequate for reading at night.  it would have been better with three for four leds
not too hot.i baked six loaves in this machine.  i have been using various bread machines for the past 12 years and feel comfortable making adjustments when things don't turn out just right.  my big complaint with this machine is the low baking temperatures.  even on the darkest crust setting and the longest baking time (70 minutes), my loaves were only marginally acceptable - they were not sufficiently baked.  i was using a nearly-whole wheat recipe.  the machine was quiet, strong, and had a lot of bells and whistles, but with only partially baked bread, i had to return it to amazon.  amazon shipped it to me in a very poorly packed box which was gaping open when it arrived, but they included return labels which made it a cinch to send back, and were quick enough with the refund
teflon bonding failure.within a few weeks of purchase the teflon in the zojirushi pan started to blister and flake off. this is not the result of customer abuse but a manufacturing defect...this is my third (and final) bread machine. the first two were breadman ultimates. i should note that i make bread in the machine about 6 times a week on average, pretty much every morning...the first breadman worked for over a year until the teflon in the pan started to fail. this was probably my fault for allowing the pan to soak for extended periods of time (water can get behind the teflon and ruin the bond)...i bought an new breadman ultimate because the entire machine was only slightly more than the pan alone and the old machine was starting to have mechanical problems. this time i took extremely good care of the pan (letting it cool down, no soaking) because it's clearly the weak link in the system. within 8 months the stirring shaft that drives the paddle in the pan simply fell out. whatever the detente mechanism was that holds the shaft to the pan failed, making the machine useless. currently it doesn't seem very easy (or even possible) to buy a replacement pan for the breadman...at this point i was done with the breadman. much as i didn't want to spring for the extra money for the zojirushi, and realizing that my default augmented sourdough recipe probably wouldn't work the same in the new machine, i didn't see an alternative and got one...within 3 weeks the teflon in the zoji pan formed two blisters. one is bit smaller than a dime and all the teflon at this spot has flaked off; the other spot is blistering but the teflon is still intact. i have been extremely careful with the pan: i wait for it to cool and then remove the baked-on bread under the paddles with warm water using mostly my fingers. i don't let it soak at all. this is clearly a manufacturing defect...i have further complaints with respect to this machine as compared to the breadman ultimate:..1) the top of the bread rarely gets brown. i've added more sugar to the recipe which helps slightly but not much..2) i don't understand what the crust control option does. it doesn't seem to increase baking time which it does on the breadman so it doesn't make much sense..3) the programmability is very weak. on the breadman you can take any of the existing standard options and modify them as well as make up entirely new programs..4) the programmability options are very limited:..- you can't control the knockdown time between risings..- you can't add risings to the default three. they do give you a lot of time control on the risings..- you can't separate the mixing cycle from the kneading cycle: it's all one cycle..- when you turn off the preheat cycle, this only affects the built-in programs and not the custom ones. .- and worst of all: you can't bake for more than 70 minutes. this is utterly ridiculous. i'm sure this is a "safety feature" but it means you can't correct for the pathetic lack of crust formation or have larger recipes and so forth. this is almost a killer limitation in my opinion...for those other reviewers that are having issues with rising, i've determined that the machine is very sensitive to the amount, type, and quality of yeast. if you *exactly* follow the manufacturers instuctions with respect to yeast and use fresh yeast, it should work okay. this means you must use rapid rise yeast with the quick programs and active dry yeast with the longer standard programs. even using fleischmann's instead of red star made a difference. the breadman was pretty much indifferent to yeast variations...at this point i'm done with bread machines. they are a failed technology. in fact, teflon is a dangerous and substandard technology. ..all you have to do is search for teflon (polytetrafluoroethylene) and toxic to come up with some pretty alarming data on this noxious substance. the manufacturing process results in significant environmental contamination...a direct consumer health risk due to toxic outgassing occurs when teflon is exposed to temperatures above 500 degrees (eg: frying pans). perhaps bread machines are not that risky given the lower temps involved in baking and the fact that wet dough will keep the average pan temperature pretty low, but if you know anything about toxicity you will realize that it is always a sliding scale: there will be some outgassing at lower temperatures. imagine low levels of toxic gas released into your homemade bread. i've thought about this, but there's no way to make a bread machine without teflon -- going from mixing dough to baking requires teflon, there is just no other viable solution...i love making bread every day and i'm going to miss this activity but at this point the manufacturing defects and use of teflon mean i have to give up on this technology. it's back to the occasional hand-made loaf -- it's the only rational and healthy solution
not happy with product.we could not get the bread to rise properly no matter how much we tinkered with the ingredients.  we also tried the exact recipe that turned out beautifully in our old bread maker, but couldn't get it to work.  must be the rising temparature is not appropriate
remember those childrens cell phone toy? this is a childrens workout kit. worthless for any adult..it's a great concept although resistance is almost useless. i'm in my mid-thirties and, although reasonably fit, have never been able to pull off hundreds of crunches mainly because of back problems when doing them. here was a solution which claimed to get around this. .when i first got the unit, i gave it a go and found the resistance almost unnoticeable. i opened the front, replaced the yellow bands with the "heavy duty" orange ones and tried again - again, almost nothing. .at 6 seconds a rep, 10 minutes gets you 100 reps. don't know about you but although i could do 100 crunches in the conventional sense, i would certainly know about it the next day. i tried 100 reps on this contraption two days in a row without feeling a thing. this makes the commercials you see showing the six pack wielding workout freaks claiming they "feel the burn" very hard to believe. ..with that said, this isn't necessarily the fault of "as seen on tv" that they sell this product - what's worthless to me may still be of value to someone else although i can't imagine who. they did offer my money back in full despite the usual 10% restocking fee but given that a third of the sale price was a non-refundable shipping cost, it hardly makes it worth the effort. am going to find another use for it - perhaps a coat hanger?.positive voters must be getting kick-backs from somewhere. perhaps they got their money back if they agreed to promote it...don't believe me - buy one and find out for yourself.
didn't work.i thought this would be a great way to train my puppy to ring the chime when she had to go out. i was so excited to get it... and the chime didn't work. oh well
pet paw chime.in december 2002, i purchased the pet chime and paw amp; two additional paws.  i was extremely satisfied with them until the past couple of weeks.  in the past couple of weeks 2 paws have stopped working for unknown reasons and repeated emails and phone calls have gone unanswered by lentek.  they're great, if they work
piece of junk !.junk, junk, junk.. .thank heavens amazon has such wonderful customer service...myself as well as one of my friends purchased this so called food processor. we felt we researched it well but.......on the second use (shredding cheese) it fused together, forever. .this seems to be a constant problem, which kitchen aid will not admit. they refused to take it back! look at customer reviews on the kitchenaid website. .we purchased cuisinart, works great
dead flowers.sent flowers to my father's girlfriend in florida for her birthday.  flowers were left on the porch to die in the hot florida sun.  my father tried to contact them and nobody responded.  i sent an e-mail that i am still waiting to see if they are going to do the right thing by either sending new flowers or giving my credit card a refund..i learned a lesson... stick to a name brand florist
dead on arival.my wife recived the roses the next day of the order in a box. the roses were dead and black. she thought i was mad at her. do not buy. i repeat... do not buy
buy from someone else.i checked the proflowers site and it said i still had 3 days to order the flowers to ensure they got there before christmas.  it's now the day after christmas and they still haven't gotten them
you get your $15 worth.if you are looking for something with great sound quality or even great accuracy in measurment, this isn't for you. the radio is hard to use since it doesn't have any indication of what frequency you are on, and every time you move it gets overwhelmed by static. the pedometer function is marginal at best. but its what you would expect for $15.
try before you buy.this is an expensive machine that locks you into an expensive proprietary cartridge system. there are competing systems which make just as good and hot a cup of coffee without wasting this much plastic per cup and for much less money (senseo, melitta and others). some other systems such as the nespresso are just as pricey, but make significantly better coffee..that leaves us with this in-between system, way overpriced for the mediocre coffee it produces. unless you're absolutely enthralled with the taste of flavia coffee (or one of their other beverages) there are better, cheaper, less wasteful alternatives
delivery ruined bookcase.what was to be the perfect bookcase for the space came in a box that was battered and torn.  it looked as if it had been dropped from a plane!  the entire bottom shelf was cracked in half and all the hardware bent out of shape...i would really like to own this bookcase, but i want it delivered in usable condition
soooo frustrated.listen, i have bought several of these book lights, every time they break. it is not the bulb, or the plug or the batteries, it is the wiring. don't bother. i am currently on search and destroy for a new book light that will last longer then 5 days and wont hurt my eyes. any suggestions
lasts only two months on average.i've gone through so many of these that i have lost count. for someone like myself who reads every night for at least an hour, the light lasts no more than two months. i don't mean the batteries -- i only use the light plugged into an outlet. but it just stops working suddenly after about two months on average. very flimsy design, i guess. yet i have continued to buy it because there's nothing else that lets you avoid batteries and is bright enough for a comfortable read. no wonder they don't offer any warranties! but now it looks like there are some other options and i have vowed never to buy this light again
not working.when i first got this item i loved it i used it 4 times and it stopped working
yup,  it works good but not worth the additional aggravation.the worst part of this purchase was that it was a gift and sent to another persons address. that person now gets a  slew of catalogs at their address with my name on it. (they also get a second copy of the same catalogs with their name on it as well.)   be prepared to have your name and address sold without permission if you do business with this 3rd party company. bad business and aggravating
terrible can opener.this is the worse can opener i have ever bought.  it has failed four out of 6 times i have used it!!  when it "fails", it stops "walking around the can" and you have to locate a little screw and get a phillips head screw driver and turn that till the opener releases your can! needless to say, i am stuck with a useless can opener and am out $20
yes sharp edges.be aware that this can opener cuts the lids off cans below the ridge creating 2 sharp edges...on the lid and on the can itself.  otherwise, it is a good concept for anyone who may have difficulty in using manual can openers or for those who need the counter space
underpowered, leaves sharp edge on can, slow.i was expecting a device that cut the roll-seam of the lid, but this one cuts the can just below the lid.  the resulting edge, while not razor sharp, is hazardous--in point of fact, the instructions warn, "note: the cut edge of the can may be sharp and shoud be treated with care." contradicting the prominent "no sharp edges" claim on the packaging...on a typical can, the opener struggles to complete its task, coming to a near stop at times.  of course this near stalling takes its toll on the battery life.  it has a fixed run cycle that will run around a typical  303 can about 1-1/2 times.  for large cans you just push the button to restart it for more than one cycle until it makes it all the way around...when the batteries give out and it comes to a stop in the middle of opening a can, there is a tiny reverse button on the underside that is used to reverse its motion until you get back to the starting poin where it will release he can. there is usually enough power left in drained batteries to backup to the release point, but if the reverse button doesn't work because the batteries are completely dead or the opener is jammed, you must use a screwdrive to turn a release screw on the bottom until the opener backs up far enough to release the can--this manual release operation is challenging (and generally messy) to perform ...the cutter--a sharp edged wheel--is not removable for cleaning, so you are left to dabbing at it with a sponge or cloth (after removing the batteries)...i recommend passing up this gadget
terrible, cheap, bad towels!.just ordered two hand and two bath towels... cheap cheap cheap. you'd have better luck going to target and buying the $2 towels. i assumed given the price of these that they'd be better... nope, they're junk. don't be fooled. they're small. you can go to target or walmart and for $10 you can buy an oversized nice towel! pass on these. i learned the hard way, now it's not worth returning them... guess they'll be good for cleaning and drying the car, ehh
cheap towels.i am sure glad i didn't pay $15 for these towels. i got them for $7.99 with a free hand towel, and they aren't even worth that much. some of the loops looked like they had been snagged on something when i received them, i washed the towels and they have fuzz balls everywhere. the edges on some of the towls have came unstitched and are all fraid after only the 2nd wash. i would never ever buy these towels again. no way are they 100% cotton and worth more then $2 a piece. these are junk towels i would use in my dogs crate
no matter how many times i wash them....like others i thought for the price and then the buy both and save it was a deal but these towels are still bleeding red in my washer and dryer and we are all ending up with burgundy fuzzies all over our bodies.  to top it off i still haven't received the hand towels that were supposed to be free with the set and it has been over a month.  leave these (especially this color!) alone, do yourself and your family a favor and spend a little more and get better towels.  i'm going to through penny's next time, a friend of mine bought the same color through them and they don't bleed or pill
not what i expected.i have several of these types of pans made by kitchen-aid and i absolutly love them. i purchased this loaf pan because it's half the price as kitchen-aid. well, you get what you pay for! this pan is so flimsy, when you pour the batter into it, the sides bow out and you get a really odd shaped whatever you're making. also, the sides cook and the center doesn't. or you leave it in longer and the sides burn and the center cooks. bottom line, silicone bakeware is great, but not manufactured by this company.
$8 for a scrap of plastic that can't go in the dishwasher?!?.unacceptable!  like others have written here, mine snapped in the dishwasher after the second use.  i complained to the company and was told that the box instructs "hand wash only."  plastic that can't go in the dishwasher?  meant to separate boiling liquids but not dishwasher safe?  for $8?  garbage
cracked after two uses.not heat resistant - this is just to substantiate the other reviews - item cracked after second use
not dishwasher safe.item cracked after first washing, useless after second washing. i'm going to try and find a glass one
could be more heat resistant.although i thought this product worked well in removing excess fat, it now has several long cracks in it and will have to be replaced in the very near future.  this is really annoying since i've only had it for a couple of months.  i plan on buying a [upgraded]glass separator
pan warps.although this pan is heavy, it warps during cooking. (it's flat when cool, but once placed in the oven, it makes a sharp noise within a few minutes as one corner of the pan bends upward). i like my pans to stay even throughout the cooking process. i wouldn't recommend this one
frustrating - not functional.never expected it to be so difficult to find a high quality mini processor for everyday use. the cuisinart looks good but that's it. as janet d. said, it purees some of the food while leaving some large chunks - in the same batch! i am returning the cuisinart tomorrow.
not pleased with the performance.i have not been happy with this product.  in fact, i am considering returning it or selling it in a yard sale.  it does not chop the vegetables (onions, peppers, etc.) in a consistent way.  it either makes puree out of them or leaves large chunks that must be chopped up by hand.  i have another little mini processor that is cheaper than this one, and it works a lot better.  i bought this one because of the cuisinart name, and i have been really disappointed
worst brand of bakeware.airbake products are horrible! i have used the cake and cookie sheets multiple times and i have had nothing but problems. there products over-brown everything you cook and the food sticks no matter how well you grease the pans. i have better luck using my old cheap non-stick bakeware than airbake. buyer beware! if you do choose to buy this brand of products grease the pans generously and cut the bake time and oven temperature
loved it until it broke.this was the perfect good-looking replacement for boring pyrex and i used it often - until one day it suddenly cracked right down the middle while i was roasting a small turkey breast in the oven. makes me completely wary of purchasing another as they're quite expensive. i have a similiar roasting dish from cost plus that's made in portugal and is still going strong. wish i could find more of those instead. (much cheaper
not made in england.i also purchased the churchill china brook blue set of 8 (45 pieces) and the completer set, intending to have a matched set of 12. wrong. the set of 8 was indeed made in england and contained soup bowls (listing on amazon only says "bowls"). the set is very nice and has high quality. the set of 4 and the completer set, however, are made in colombia. the color is more saturated, the salad dishes are about 2 inches smaller than those made in england, the "bowls" are cereal bowls, and the vegetable bowl and platter are both smaller and less detailed than those made in england. suggestion: if you want consistancy, order two sets of the 45 pieces and don't fool with the add-ons. amazon could not guarantee the ancillary pieces would be from england.... despite the on-line description to that effect
hook breaks off easily.lasted about a month. then the hook broke off. the metal of the hook looks soft and brittle, not even the same quality as a common hardware variety hook...also the stand has an annoying habit of disassembling itself when one lifts the banana off the hook...also the little hook looks cute, but seems poorly angled to make hanging and unhanging a bunch of bananas easy...guess i am not impressed with the function of this product
doesn't fit in a honda civic cupholder.i like pretty much everything about the bottle -- except for the primary reason that i wanted it, which was to use while driving in my 1997 honda civic. admittedly, the civic has a poorly designed cupholder, but i figured that one of the beverage containers in the nissan line would be import-car-friendly. nope. the bottle is way too tall for the civic cupholder
what was i thinking  one star because 0 is not offered.as seen on tv should be a red flag for everyone.  i thought i had learned my lesson before now.  hope lives eternal.  i think this is such a good idea, but it just does not work.  how do you get the bags out from under the bed when they expand again?.the vacuum didn't even last over night!!
don't bother buying this.just from personal experience. don't buy this stuff, it does not work well at all:-..1. does not compress more than 10%. if you only have gigantic sweaters and pillows, maybe more, but for the most part, it will be 10% max. for example, the totes don't shrink enough to close! totally defeats the original intention...2. very flimsy material. one mistake and it is torn. for all the care you may take, if you rub it against the wall, it pops a hole. even walmart plastic bags are more resilient!..if you only want to have airtight bags (you don't care about the space savings and treat the bags like a one day old infant) then probably it may make you happy. otherwise a big big big waste of money
the slightest thing punches a tiny hole in them.if you have cats, and we do, you have to be able to store the bag inside a closet that the cat will never get into, or they are useless. if a cat even jumps on them once, you are done for. if i had room in the closets to put all this stuff, i wouldn`t need the space bags. store under the bed? no way. cats can and do go under the bed. i even had one stored in a closet where it was doing ok, and opened the closet briefly and the curious cat pounced inside, and -- boom --- there goes the space bag. these would be a fabulous idea if they were a little more sturdy and dependable
this item is a piece of junk.i would rate this item --0 stars.  i purchased 4 large spage bags and the zipper only works on 1 of them.  i have zipped and re-zipped these bags dozens of times and they just will not stay zipped.  this is the biggest rip off i have ever seen.  i have called customer service for help but i can never get through because of the "high call volume."  i sat on hold for 1 hour and never spoke to a live person.  finally a message came on and asked me to leave a message and they would call me back.  they still have not called me back.  if you have money to burn go ahead and purchase this item but you will have to either return it and pay postage or throw it in the trash
hype.i don't know what these other people are talking about. i used this twice just to make sure i hadn't messed it up the first time. the coffee wasn't any different (in fact, a little worse) than if you hot brew a really strong batch and keep it in the frig (which is what i usually do). it's also messy and uses a lot more coffee than hot brewing. i wish i could return it, but i've already used it
attractive-looking piece of junk!.i was drawn to this timer because of it's somewhat retro, stylistic look. unfortunately, only one of the timers on it worked. after reading ratings in cook's illustrated, i have decided to go with a digital readout thermometer which they recommend. save your money and get a digital timer
all the bristles fell out!.a few months after buying and using this brush, *all* the bristles fell out in one big clump.  yikes
terrible unless you like boar hair on your basted food.the bristles come out non-stop. oxo took back my first, sent a replacement, which proceeded to do the same thing. shoddy build on this item, stay away. that said, oxo has great customer service and other products i've used are better
it leaves more bristles than marinade.run, do not walk, away from this brush.  i don't know what type of glue they used to hold the bristles in but it must be the post-it note glue
i love good grips but not this item.i have almost all of the good grips accesories and i think they are great. but not this basting brush. everytime i use it the bristles come out and i end up picking hairs off my food. i am so afraid to use it when i have guests because i don't want them to think i am losing my hair in their dinner. i threw mine away. good grips, invent a better basting brush and i will still buy it! :
was good.now trash.this brush was great for awhile on my grilled stuff, as well as on all of my baked items. unfortunately after about ten washes half of the bristles came out at once! oy. don't buy this one unless you don't want something that lasts
can't stand up to daily use.normally i love bodum products but this one is a loser.  the loose leaf tea gets stuck in the holes of the infuser and is nearly impossible to get out.  add to that a terrible spout and a plunger that drops when it should be up (while brewing) and goes up when it should be down (while pouring).  but wait there is more!  this is my second press.  the lips on the plastic infuser and parts of the plastic lid have broken on both pots.  replacement parts are available but cost almost as much as a new pot when you count shipping costs. the parts just couldn't stand up to daily use.
great idea, poor design.i love loose-leaf tea, so this little teapot seemed like the perfect item for me.  and it would be, if the geniuses who designed it had any idea of how to correctly design a teapot...to start with the nitpicky complaints: first off, the plunger doesn't stay up very well, so unless you actually hold it up or leave it off altogether, the tea will stop brewing as the plunger sinks to the bottom of the chamber.  secondly (and as others have noted), there is nothing holding the plunger in, so you have to hold it on yourself when you pour your tea...i could live with these two problems, as they're admittedly a bit nitpicky.  but the biggest problem is that the spout is very small and somewhat rounded, so any time you pour the tea when the pot is more than half full, a significant amount dribbles down the side of the pot instead of into your cup.  and i'm not talking about a few drops--we're talking 65% goes into your cup, and the other 35% ends up on the table or worse, in your lap.  i'd really like to know who the tester was at bodum who thought, "hmmmm, a significant amount of near-boiling liquid is running down the side of the pot and landing on whatever is beneath.  nah, that's not a problem."  hello, mcfly??  anybody home??  if you hear about bodum getting sued because somebody wound up with a lapful of hot tea, well, you heard it here first...so go ahead and buy it if you want, but take my advice--be sure to hold the pot over the sink when you pour that first cup
this teapot doesn't whistle-  just looks pretty mod.i 'm writing this review the day after xmas 2005.  we wrote on a family pollyanna we wanted a "whistling tea kettle".   a relative gave us this.  i just used  it to make my  favorite tea- barrys irish.  the person who wrote the last review was right-  it doesn't whistle!  also the lid doesn't go down after you press the lever.  i had to manual squash it down.   i followed the directions- i mean this isn't rocket science.  the whole point is to get a sound so i know the water is boiling.   i am going to be donating this to the thrift store  and buying another brand that does work.  we previously had a revereware kettle that worked until the whistle part fell out and down a black hole in the stove.   i am sad because this clearly is a defective  product and should not be  sold as a whistling kettle.  i wish they had a no star option on this review.  i let  it pass for one star because i liked the chartreuse  green color
arrived in 3 pieces.i wish that i had been able to use this product, but it arrived in three pieces.  there was no apparent trauma to the box in which it was shipped.  buyer beware--a pizza stone is hard to ship without breaking
looks better than it is.i purchased this coffeemaker because of the stainless steel carafe. the problem is when you pour coffee into a cup, it goes all over, i have to pour off the kitchen sink. no matter how slow or fast, it makes a mess. the second problem is when the coffee sits on the warmer, it starts to boil. this may be a problem with just this one. i would not purchase this item again
barely a year and im ready to get a new one.i have too many complaints. first its slow. second the spout is awful. i always have a mess and i never usually have this problem..now the heating element is wearing off. also if you take the carafe out while the coffee is running it doesnt seem to shut off. so i have to wait for 5 minutes to make 4 cups of coffee. dont bother. waste of money
metallic taste.i searched through these reviews to find out if i was the only one who recoiled at the metallic taste. i see i wasn't. if you want coffee that tastes only like coffee, avoid this thing. design flaw: top is hard to open (at least on mine; snaps shut, requires two hands to release). anyone know of an alternative 4-cup (actually, this is more like a 3-cup)
the little coffee maker that couldn't.it is cute, but it spills and it's defective. the water spills while trying to fill the maker. the coffee spills when trying to fill the cup. the so-called plate warmer is more of a burner. it doesn't keep the coffee warm as much as it burns it if you don't use it in 15 minutes. but now, after only four months, it doesn't work at all. the automatic timer turns the machine off after 3 seconds and that's being generous. don't buy it for yourself... don't buy it as a gift...
they don't fit!.i even checked with kitchenaid about which ones were correct for our mixer and they apparently gave us the wrong code.  i join everyone here - why can't they make standard bowl covers?  this is crazy
kitchenaid bowl covers.the bowl covers are a great idea unfortunately for me i have an artisan mixer and these bowl covers do not fit.  according to kitchenaid customer service these are for a discontinued bowl the correct model number for the current 5qt bowl is knbc.
really annoyed that it didn't fit the artisan mixer.i got these as a wedding gift, because i put them on my amazon registry. i didn't read the reviews, because who'd bother - it's kitchenaid and it fits a 5-quart bowl? i just opened them today and found out they don't fit my mixer, and now i'm stuck with them. hoping to pawn them off on my best friend since she has an older kitchenaid. grrrrrr. crappy idea on kitchenaid's part, crappy idea on amazon's part for saying they fit all 5-quart bowls when they obviously do not
worked great for 1 year- now it's dead.i bought this a little over a year ago because of the rave reviews.  i will admit- it is a powerful steamer and i loved using it.  however, just over a year now it has completely stopped working.  i turn it on and the light comes on- but it never heats up or steams.  over $200 is quite steep for an item if it will only last a year
not for me.i bought this steamer to replace my much hated iron.  i have to iron uniform shirts, tee shirts and khaki pants every morning.  i found the steamer to be much less effective on those items than an iron and more time consuming.  i am terribly disappointed because i very much wanted to throw my iron away.  instead i am exchanging my steamer for a new iron.
too floppy.i was disappointed in this product.  i know the silicone bakeware is floppy and assumed the sled would support it, but it didn't.  the baking pan slipped right through the sled, curling the sides of the pan up.  i resorted to using the baking pan without the sled on a cookie sheet, which worked ok, but again the floppiness of the pan made loaf removal a challenge.
ditto -- bad advertising.i too ordered this product expecting a set of bowls and received 1 bowl! amazon replied by telling me to quot;make sure and read the details carefully when placing an order.quot; i pointed out that the details stated a set of 6 bowls but they did not send me the additional items. this also happened for the set of plates i expected to receive, but only received 1 plate. i see now that amazon has revised the product details. a bit too late for some of us..
i was so disappointed!.i loved the handle on this steamer basket-no more burned fingers trying to get it out of the pot. however, it did not fit any of my pots. much too large even for my 3 qt pot. why don't all steamers come with this great handle.
not worth your time or money.definitely not what i thought it was going to be.  these were flimsy and cheap feeling towels, and i returned them within five minutes of opening my box
packaging of towels.i ordered 4 towels and it stated in my email they would be shipped in one package. i was charged for four seperate shipping fees, one for each towel. three towels are scheduled to be delivered on the 22nd, the fourth on the 25th. i am wondering why my towels were shipped in seperate packages, when the weight certainly did not exceed shipping weight
worked for a short while.we got this to clean up dog accidents. it worked o.k. for a while, not much suction. after a few months, the nozzle clogged, requiring you to disassemble it and take a small needle and clean out the nozzle. finally, after about 18 months, it died altogether...another piece of chinese-made junk
i would not recommend this.sprayer plugged up all of the time. i thought it might have been the detergent i was using, so i just would fill it up with clean water.  but, it still plugged.  it takes about 10 minutes to fix, but what good is that when you need it.  i got so mad at this thing the last time, i threw it away
broke twice.the arm sprayer on this machine broke once, so i ordered a new part from the manufacturer.  after only 3 uses, the new sprayer broke.  i did not order another part, i'm going to try something else (haven't decided what yet).  as for the cleaning, it would clean juice stains and other miscellaneous stains (i don't have pets) well, but they would reappear after a few days of cleaning.
don't throw it out!.as others have stated - it works well when it works.  i was really happy with the way it cleaned.  i especially liked the turbo brush.  but when i went to use it for only the second time the sprayer wouldn't work - a frequent complaint i understand.  you don't have to be particularly handy to fix it.  you need a screw driver, a pair of pliers and a paper clip.  unplug the machine.  take the four screws from the top out. pull the top up.  underneath you will see a black box with 4 screws - undo. underneath the cover is heater box.  lift up and undo the 5 screws on the bottom.  you will see what is causing the problem.  you don't need to disconnect the wires.  release the clamps holding the plastic tubes with the pliers and gently remove the tubes.  use the paper clip, opened, to clean out the holes in the heater.  it did not take long at all.
stops and starts.it worked great for about a month and now it will stop brewing halfway through a cycle.  i have to move the pot around or turn it on and off to get it to finish.  it is a nice looking unit and keeps the coffee warm without burning.  i get about 3 good size cups of coffee out of a full pot, so i don't know how they rate it as a 10 cup unit.
do not buy a mini-s.this machine--the capresso mini-s,(according to phone product support) "is not designed to brew the second two shots as well as the first two. continuing: "perhaps you are confusing this machine with a true pump machine. this machine uses the old-fashion steam method; the steam gets hotter and hotter.... you should only brew 2 shots at a time if you do not like the taste of the second two shots."..i returned the machine because the "hotter" steam begins to burn the coffee grounds as the brew proceeds to the third shot. the resultant smell and coffee taste is badly fouled-burnt. apparently, this is part of the design, which the people at capresso describe as "the normal operation of the machine." when the machine is returned to me, i will be discarding it...fyi, at the time of this writing, capresso's website was down. i'm wondering if they are actually in business. just be wary of this company, their products, and their product support
crema on the box.do not remove the box from the counter. the only creama you will see is the one on the box. about taste of coffee - it smells as something just burned. attached cd shows how to make cappuccino, not espresso. so much of seeing evidence of making a good espresso..waste of money, shipping charges that are. the free shipping saver will be deducted as well as you have to pay to return it! what a deal
worked for a whole 2 months.i bought this product based on the reviews here.  so now it's time for my own.  this canister only lasted 2 months before it developed a crack on the bottom and no longer works.  i don't see any warranty information here so i guess i'm out of luck.  buyer beware...update:.i contacted the company (800-777-5452) and they are replacing the item with no questions asked.  this might be a sign that these cracks are common.  they also told me that all of their items carry a 1 year warranty even though it is not listed here on the product page...i can't change my star rating, but if i could it would be a 2 now because of their excellent customer service
okay for a while....this worked really well when i first got it, but it seems as though it gets harder and harder to use as time goes by, almost as if it's wearing out.  and it's not when you insert the corkscrew into the wine, it's when you try to pull the cork out - it's almost impossible now.  so, bottom line is - it will work for maybe a year or two but then you'll need another, which to me isn't acceptable for the price i paid
this thing stinks.after 6 bottles and 3 people trying we still can't get this gadget to perform. frankly i am amazed that anyone would review this positively, the directions are horrible and we resorted to our old 25 cent cork screw which opened fine. i bought this as a gift for my husband and it is going in the trash.bad bad ba
i hate gadgets smarter than me!.and this is one of them - i just can't figure it out.  i've gotten corks partially out, chewed a couple up, stuffed one down inside the bollle, sent a bottle skittering across the table, stabbed my finger and, yes, i did get one cork out like magic.  i just can't remember how i did it...the directions consist of 3 small drawings i found quite unhelpful.
you get what you pay for.the reason this item is so inexpensive is that it works poorly and they are changing the engineering.  it will work okay for a while, but in short order will begin shoving your corks into the bottle rather than extracting them.  buyer beware
makes excellent rice, but only for 3 months.we've gone through two of these now, though not purchased from amazon. no way would we buy another one. they work fine for awhile, then suddenly stop working. no heat, just nothing at all. we're not heavy users, either; we make 2-3 cups of rice once or twice a week. now we're shopping for a new rice maker, but it definitely won't be an oster
dimensions are different.beware...the dimensions of this item are not 12 inches as stated.  it is actually 10 1/2 inches.  i was told that the 12 inch plates are no longer available from the manufacturer
disapointed.this iron was given as a gift,and i loved it, at first.  it never leaked like the others, but the rubber end to help guide the cord broke, rubbing the coating off of the electrical cord. i had to have the cord repaired.  then, it would turn off and not come back on.  it did this a few times, and then i just gave up on it.  i liked that it got very hot and heated up quickly.  i also liked the auto turn off feature, but probably won't buy another one.
same problem as others.it leaks. its turns on and off when it likes. and not as smooth to iron
leaky little devil and doesn't last long.my wife wanted a rowenta as it is "the" iron she said, so we spent $70 on an iron that seemed to leak each time you used it from the time she took it out of the box. then after a couple of years the iron started to turn off and on depending on the bend of the cord. finally after 3 years + it died and into the garbage it went. bought a $40 panasonic nic76sr as it seemed to be a better iron. so far it has been great. lots of steam and heats up quick and no leaks. the detacchable water refill and retractable cord are great
not worth the money!.i had this item on my bridal registry and was very excited when i received it.  it worked well for about a year, but then i started having problems with it leaking and now it doesn't work at all (i've only had it for a year and a half).  it worked great for the first year, but unless you want to spend that much money on an iron every year or two, don't get this one
why do i keep going back?.i am now on my 4th rowenta after tossing my 3rd powerglide that started to leak. i am convinced that there are tremendous quality control problems at rowenta as my first one from 20 years ago worked great and each successive iron has started to leak sooner than the previous. when it works, it's great; but is sad that they leak so quickly. i don't know what else to buy, however, as other products i've purchased are no better. i have had similar experiences with buying toasters as of late; the sad state of worldwide manufacturing quality is forcing us to lower our expectations about what a good product really is
amazon's misrepresentation.in the product detail, amazon states that this product was made in france, as it should since this is a trademark french brand name, so i ordered one. ..but the actual product i received was made in thailand. i contacted amazon for a resolution since i placed this order with a promotional certificate. i received extremely unprofessional and ignorant responses only containing their lengthy return policy and they completely avoided my inquiry of the misrepresentation of the country of manufacture. ..i also purchased a $200 panasonic drill that advertised by amazon as made in japan, but in fact was made in mexico. i also wrote to amazon about the misrepresentation, i have never received any response at all...i think many customers would simply not have made the purchase had they known the misrepresentation of such nature. since the return for such heavy items are very inconvenient. some will just settle even when they deserve a better solution. shame on amazon for such misrepresentation and intentional avoidance to correct the mistake
pan warped.the pan worked fine until it warped on the bottom and would not stay flat on the stove.  i sent it back for a refund
bad supplier.i would not buy sango products from amazon if i were you.  their supplier is terrible.  there is nothing wrong with sango products, it is just that amazon and the supplier do not care about product quality or customer happiness...the first set that i received had bubbles in the glaze and it was easy to send it back.  however, the second set i received came broken.  things like this do happen in the mail, but what upset me was the fact that there were wrapped up pieces and notes from a previous customer.  what this told me was that the supplier was sending out already returned broken items and trying to pass them off as new.  i brought this to amazon's attention twice and all i received was a generic response.  i recommend you buy your sango products elsewhere
dimensions.i was ready to buy (i love cuisinart products) but the dtc-975bkn programmable auto brew 12-cup coffeemaker is too tall--my current cuisinart coffeemaker (which is a great machine  still works great) is 14" tall--i would have to shave off 1" on my kitchen cabinet to get it to fit flush against the backsplash area.  i'm not ready to compromise the stability of my cabinets to accommodate this coffeemaker.....drats!!!  i love the idea that the coffee goes directly into a carafe (and is not a grind  brew machine).  maybe i'll check into a smaller version of this--if cuisinart makes one
12 cups, but it overflows if you're not careful and died in one year..we bought the cuisinart dtc-975 because it is one of the only 12 cup thermal carafe coffeemakers on the market. the term "cup" is used rather loosely in the coffeemaker world. in the case of the cuisinart it holds 12 - 5 oz cups for a total of 60 oz. the equivalent 10 cup coffeemaker makes 50 oz of coffee, but some 10 cup makers use a 4 oz cup measurement and make only 40 oz. ..the timer works well and is relatively easy to set. because the coffee is never re-heated it tastes great 1st cup to last. the carafe really does keep the coffee hot for several hours, but there's a catch. the flow-threw lid is very tricky to align properly. if you screw it on wrong, and it doesn't fit tight, you end up with 60 oz of coffee all over your counter top. despite my best efforts this happened several times, while we owned this coffeemaker. ..the really bad news is that ours quit working after less than a year. the heating element appears to have burnt out. we are sold on the idea of a thermal carafe coffeemaker and just purchased a zojirushi ec-bd15 as a replacement. will see how that one does, but on principle i would not recommend or buy another cuisinart product, because of their cheap build quality.
not up to par.we picked these out for our wedding registry and have been disappointed. they have a nice grip, but they break very easily. do not put them in the dishwahser unless you want to spend the next day sorting through broken glass. i would not suggest that anyone purchase these, especially if they have children
poor quality control.these glasses arrived unbalanced, with lopsided bases and uneven rims.  these would be called seconds or thirds by most standards.  i don't know what happened in quality control since earlier reviews, but these should be avoided.  the glasses are cheap in construction, quality, and have thin glass
not expected henckels quality.if you are looking for the legendary henckels quality, spend more money on a different set.  these knives work as well as what you can buy at the grocey store or target, but are not close to the sharpness as more expensive henckels.  the quality knives are forged, while these are stamped
changed our lives!.i was skeptical about this product even after clicking "buy".  but while it's not perfect, it has done wonders for our house!  set it to go right after i head off to work... it goes under most of the furniture, cleans until its batteries run out, and makes our floors look nice and clean.  it does far better a job than i ever thought possible.  plus, it secretly makes you clean up a bit to take care of things it might get caught on (great for lazy folks like us who can appreciate the "leaverage" of a few minutes of cleaning
lid does not fit.the lid for the 2nd largest canister did not fit. i had to return the item. so much for this mother day gift!
a nice idea, but ....... after using my apple slicer for about one year, the plastic has begun to crack.  and the slicer could, indeed, be larger.  i am now searching for a durable all-metal slicer
functional but ugly.don't wash this thing... the shine comes right off and it becomes dull dull dull... but hey, it cuts eggs
disappointing product.this product definitely did not meet expectations.  the hinge was loose, therefore the wires did not go into the slots smoothly on every pass.  in fact, one of the wires broke during my first attempt to slice mushrooms.  this one is going back
item misrepresented.egg slicer is not stainless steel.  only the wires are
dissapointed.love the look but they chip very easily, my husband picked up a cup of coffee and the cup just fell off the handle on two occasions..i guess if you have no kids and don't use every day they'd be great but they are not good for a family or daily wear and tear
faded.i'm so disappointed i just puchased 2 sets of dinner ware also salad plates.  i wanted to rinse them before using them and all the glaze came off.  the dishes are all dull and of course i have throw every box out never dreaming this would happen...  i have waited a very long time to get new dishes and i could just cry. think about this before you spend a lot on money on this product..  it said dishwasher safe but they aren't...  my 19 year old son warmed me to test just one dish but thinking mother knows best..  what a lesson i have learned..
discolored pots.my husband and i recieved this set for christmas from my mother-in-law.  we loved them!  she got us the silver colored set that matched everything in out kitchen.  we use them everyday and loved cooking on them for 6 months now.  a couple days ago i was making brocolli and the teflon came off onto my brocolli and the silver turned to a brownish color.  i had the setting on medium heat.  nothing extream and the pot sill had water boiling in the pot so nothing was burning...  my husband was convinced that i had burned the brocolli so decided to just replace the pan.  then we were making hash browns in the skillet and the outside of the skillet turned brown.  nothing i do washes the color out.  it looks aweful!  the teflon is in tact but the skillet looks like crap.  from now on we are buying stainless steel pan exclusivly.    we will never try aluminum again
bath sheets.one of the bath sheets is flawed.  but i don't feel that an exchange would be worthwhile
leaks!.we have owned this coffee maker for less than a year and it has started leaking coffee all over the counter every 3rd time we brew coffee. we can't quite tell where it is leaking from and why it doesn't do it consistently. each time we cross our fingers and hope for the best. this has been so frustrating! we have run the filter and the cone piece in the dishwasher and maybe this has caused the problem?? we brew coffee twice/day usually and have been more disappointed with this machine than any we have owned.
i want my old braun back!.after breaking several carafes on my 4 year old braun (bad carafe design coupled with a clumsy user), i opted to move onto something completely new.  i read all the reviews posted for this particular braun and went for it...ergonomically, this is a sweet coffeemaker with one exception.  it's compact (shorter than my previous one) and is very easy to set up and program.  the quick-release button for the coffee filter is nice, and the water filter is a great extra, though my old one had that, too.  the carafe fits securely in the coffeemaker and its handle is comfortable.  the one negative is the carafe design.  i thought all the folks on here complaining about the drippy pot were just fumbling around when pouring their coffee.  not so!  pour the coffee slowly, and you're fine.  pour it a bit quicker, and you'll have coffee all over the counter.  i'm not sure how that managed to make it past the braun design team...but more importantly is what this coffeemaker produces, or doesn't produce.  i'm big on rich robust coffee, but this coffeemaker isn't delivering.  my first pot was virtually flavorless.  so i modified how i made the coffee and tried again.  no luck.  i've gone from the gold filter to paper filters, to adjusting the coffee used, to changing coffee brands.  what i get is coffee that seems to brew too quickly and with little flavor...my previous braun had a flavor setting which contolled the brew time.  too bad they took that feature off this model...to be fair, i could have a slightly defective coffeemaker.  since many reviewers are indicating that this model makes great coffee, i'm a little suspicious about mine.  but in the meantime, i'm going to order a replacement carafe for my old one and go back to the old tried and true
delevery time poor.takes orders and does not have them in stock. will have to wait 2 mths to get me order
toothpick for a mixer.i was excited about the thought of using a nostalgic chrome mixer for ice cream shakes.  unfortunately, this product has the strength and blending power of  a toothpick. the mixer wand is about 1 inch in diameter and made of very cheap plastic.  it doesn't mix ice cream worth a dime...  this is the first product i've ever had to return to amazon.  don't waste your money.
this product is not worth anything!!.its made of plastic which is not poerful. it spills the drink you are trying to make and is really messy. it dusnt blend much at all and takes a lot of effort to clean.
tiny !  too small for dishes.the most useless kitchen product on earth, far too petite to hold mcuh of anything
piece of !@#$!@!.since day one the item never heats up at all.  we set it to the desired temperature but it never reached it.  do not buy it!!!
let the buyer beware!.i had another george foreman grill that i used every day for years. eventually it died. i loved it! so when it came to buying another, i came to amazon and started to look at the newer models. i purchased this version, attracted by the timer and heat setting, features not available on the gril i previously owned. and the removeable grills for cleaning! wow! that must be great! well, no! since day one the grills barely attached to the body. took so much effort to get them to adhere, i took to cleaning it the old fashioned way. half way through grilling, the top grill would come flying off. since it was heated up to 425 degrees, there have been quite a few burns, and a couple of close calls with it landing nearly on top of my bare feet. great concept, very poorly executed. very disappointed. does a great job grilling, however
i thought it would be a great product.....i made upside down pineapple cake for my husband, i thought he would love it. i made it low carb, even with almond flour, and sugar free. the first time i used it, it came out perfectly, i was astonished! after that, it seemed that the nonstick did not work anymore, and it ruined the next few cakes i made in it by sticking, which is ridiculous. we threw it out. not good enough for one use. and disappointing when you have guests arriving and you've ruined dessert b/c it stuck to the dumb pan
no mechanical problems, but there's just no oomph!.we got this mixer for our wedding almost five years ago, and never had a day's trouble with it. so why the low review? the thing just doesn't have the juice i think it should have. whenever we had family members or friends happen to use the mixer, we're making cookies or whipping potatoes, every person commented on how slow this mixer is, even on the highest speed. i thought they were kidding until i was home this christmas and used my mother's. i don't remember the brand, it was kind of forgettable like a sunbeam or oster, but man, did that thing churn on the high speeds! every time i turn mine on now, even on the high speed, i am just frustrated because it doesn't perform like it should for the price kitchenaid wants. i give it two stars because it's always performed the tasks at hand, eventually, and we've never had any mechanical issues. but only two stars because when i start using other's mixers, at friends' and family's homes, i'm extremely disappointed in the strength this little machine doesn't have. it's not even a close competition, and i'm investigating other brands after hearing even the kitchenaid 9-speed mixer houses the same motor as this one
ehhh.lasted for a while, but the motor burned out from cookie
still  not acceptable.dear readers, this is my second missive about the kitchenaid 3 speed hand mixer.  previously, i wrote and said that my new mixer was terribly underpowered and that i was hoping it was just a lemon.  well, i took it back to target (they graciously refunded my money)and tried another one (same model).  unfortunately, it was just as underpowered as the first.  i'm afraid kitchenaid has let us down big time.  it used to be a terrific hand mixer.  i, for one, am moving on and am in search of reviews of other brands.  good luck to us all
don't waste your money.this is a piece of junk juicer. i thought since my family had used juiceman jr juicers in the passed that this was a nice juicer. however, the first one we recieved from another online store the juicer came broken on the bottom.  we had this since september or so however , we put the juicing up until just a few weeks ago when we wanted to have juice to get better.  so i went to juice some apples, carrots and lemon's an hour ago.  the juicer choped the white pusher thing and then my husband relised that the bottom of this one is broken. if you want a juicer get a top of the line juicer
piece of junk.this was the worst appliance that i have ever bought. the first time i turned it on the blade started bouncing up and down and it shredded the plastic dome. there was a smell of burnt copper in the air and little shards of plastic all over my counter..spend your money on something more worthwhile, you get what you pay for
poor product.the juice man jr. is only good if you juice onces a week! my juice man could not hold up for me at all, it only last a mounth of juiceing every day! i like to juice so i need a better machine that will last! the juice man jr. is not a good machine at all!!
not terrible.well, i got this juicer in january of last year...i became a pretty religious juicer, but in february, while i was juicing a particularly stubborn carrot, the cover shattered, and i had to take a little break.  the company was okay about it...they charged me for a new one and it arrived about 3 weeks later...then, in april, my motor died.  i was really annoyed...as far as the juicer goes, i think it's alright if you just want to have some juice every now and then, but it's a little expensive for occasional use.  i also found that the juicer was somewhat messy-- the pulp basket doesn't line up very well and pulp got on the counter many times, if you juice anything colorful, the white plastic stains and takes on a fairly unappetizing appearance, the shredding apparatus was near impossible to get clean without the employ of a toothbrush, and as stated, the cover is made of kind of flimsy plastic.  i would buy a 30 dollar hamilton beach juicer over this one...lasts about the same amount of time but it costs less
extremely poor quality, not really le creuset.this is another product that had the name brand, but not quality.  first, it is not the normal cast iron le creuset products.  it is made of a thin layer of steel, with some enamel like paint on it.  it does not heat up evenly, and food burns and sticks to the bottom.  second moth of using it, the enamel paint start to chip off the bottom.  i did not use any abrasive cleaning products, and always used wood or nylon utensils.  contacted the manufacturer about warranty, and never heard back from them..i bought it for $40 when it was on sale.  definately not worth even that, let alone the normal price
i expected better from this company.the price was great and i was already familiar with the quality of this company's merchandise, having used some of their pots and pans for years since marriage.  when the stockpot arrived, it was just so pretty and i couldn't wait to use it.  the first time was great.  however, this time i was putting together a black bean soup and as i scraped the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon, i became aware something had happened.  a day or so later, as i took all the soup out to transfer to a bowl, there on the bottom of this pan was all the enamel coming off in big pieces.  i couldn't believe it!  it is ruined and i will never be able to use it again.  it's just so pretty and the perfect size, so it's a big disappointment.  i won't buy lecreuset again
used once and it destructed!.i bought this pot and i made sauce in it. when i was stirring the sauce, i noticed white flecks floating around. i emptied the pot and saw a large burnt black hole in bottom of pot. i did not burn anything in the pot and the sauce was simmering on low. when i really looked at the burnt spot, half the enamel is gone and the steel is showing through..all this from sauce and 1 use. no thanks, the pot is being returned
performance worse than looking.i ordered this one as my first purchase of le creuset products, and it was way below my expectation. the enamel coating looks pretty but is very hard for cleaning. even my soup ingredients sticked to the bottom and i had to scrub really hard to get rid of it. i will stick to my calphalon nonstick saucepan from now on
exquisite product -as long as you don't intend to use it..this stunning slice of kitchen couture is undoubtedly a tactile and aesthetic dream - built with quality materials like real metal (not silvery plastic), and sporting a sophisticated, drop-dead gorgeous retro appeal.  it looks equally as impressive in the hippest new york loft kitchens as it does on the shelves of williams-sonoma. ..however, as is the case when function follows form, this is a horrible blender.  don't get me wrong - i'm more than willing to forgive a modicum of piss-poor functionality if the design is attractive enough to render the former irrelevant.  but quite frankly, this blender is beyond bad...most unfortunate is the blender's propensity to splash everywhere - even when the user deliberately reinforces the lid onto the jar by hand.  it seems to make little difference how much or what type of liquid one is mixing; it inevitably overflows with explosive fervor.  i suspect that the unit's quasi-industrial motor may be a contributing factor; it only supports two speeds: off, and jet-cyclonic.  while i admit that the minimalist toggle switch is profoundly chic in its own right, the consequences of omitting ramp-up speeds are overbearing, consistently messy, predictably inconvenient, and potentially dangerous (as liquid tends to flow liberally into the motor housing).  the irregular cloverleaf shaped jar also seems to play a role in splattering liquids upward; and the blender's poorly-sealed lid does little to stop it from overflowing in dramatic fashion.  in fact, this blender splashes so profusely that it's nearly unusable...it's too bad, because superficially, this blender really is quite the objet d'art.  but when it comes to meeting the minimum requirements for acceptable performance, it has a long way to go - even in comparison to a $29 oster.  ..if i had to summarize this blender as accurately, succinctly, and fairly as possible, i'd distill it down to one word - "regrettable."
poor quality set of pans."non-stick" coating started coming off with first use.  rack is especially bad.  pans are rather lightweight and flimsy.  size is perfect, though.  wish i could find some good ones somewhere
teflon peeled off.i also used these less than 10x and the teflon peeled off - too bad because this perfect size for a toaster oven.
disappointed!.i've used the baking sheet of this set maybe 10 times in my toaster over and the teflon is already flaking off.  i was very suprised, since i've been careful cleaning it so as not to scratch the teflon, but the teflon is peeling off anyway.  so, don't waste your money on this product
knob broke after 2 uses....this unit cooks well and heats well.  it is not easy to clean ( i guess because it is black; i always think it is clean until it dries and then you see it's not). the biggest negative issue i have with this unit is the temperature control knob breaking after only 2 uses. it cracked in half and fell off while sitting there heating.  this must be cheaply made for it to do this
crock untensil.we need pictures of this so we know if it matches our kitchen or not.  please get some pictures so you can sell these.  thank
2 stars only for looks.if your buying a toaster for looks but don't care how it toast, this may be what your looking for.  not one of the four slots can toast evenly, one side is done while the other hasn't browned at all.  i expected much better performance for it's price.  you are paying for the looks because this toaster is cheaply made.  i've also tried a dualit because i wanted a toaster that was made well, but i experienced the same outcome. i have come to the conclusion that the cheaper the toaster is, the better it toast.
cuisinart toaster cmt-400p.i would have rated this product a "0" if there was a "0" there.  it didn't last 30 days.  i returned it as instructed in original box and packing to cuisinart at my expence.  35 days later a recording tells me they never recieved it.  delivery confirmation informed me that they had indeed recieved it two weeks earlier.  after talking with a "live" representive i was informed that a replacement would sent within 24 hours.  excuse-----back orderd.  i could not get a full refund.  however i could get 50% of my cost back.  i will never buy another product from cuisinart nor will i recomend them to others.
beautiful but useless!.loved the look. prefect for my remodeled kitchen. but the toasting levers do not engage and therefore is a "prop" not a toaster. sadly i will be sending it back. i am now looking for one that toasts as well as looking good
ordered these pans twice----still no lids!.the only reason i ever ordered these pans is because they come with the lids.. !!.. pans this size are hard to find lids for  for the price aren't worth it without lids... this pan as decribed is to come with lids. but i've ordered them twice 4 pans in all  still no lids.. so i'm requesting a refund this time.. i have purchased many of these pans from this company  they are very nice . well worth the price.. too bad this page is misleading.. i'm ready when they get lids!! reason for only two stars is no lids... the pan rocks.
unreadable.i also bought this due to the first choice recommendation of cook's illustrated magazine.  i suppose it is accurate as i don't have a professional temperature gauge to test it.  it's stable when laid flat and you can hang it as well.  the big problem is that the ink on the markings fade over time, either due to the high temp in the oven or something else. grease also get splattered all over and impossible to remove.  i rubbed it with a brio pad but couldn't remove much stain though the ink faded even more.  it's practically useless now, just sitting in my oven as i couldn't see the markings unless i took it out and look at it closely
miserably inaccurate.i just received one of these. being a suspicious sort of person, i checked it against my professional digital instant-read thermometer. when the true temperature was 275, the taylor thermometer read 300. when the true temperature was 115, the taylor read 130. so the taylor was neither absolutely accurate not linear
not compatible with european stand mixers.great disappointment. that summarizes my experience with this attachment...the manual's first page has this phrase "this attachment has been approved for use with all kitchenaid household stand mixers". nevertheless, it does not fit mixers marketed in europe and latin america. the mixer has a ring guard in the beater shaft that makes it impossible to use the ice cream attachment...i wish i could send it back, but i no longer have the box and it would cost a lot of money to mail it. i guess i will have to make a lamp out of it :-)
not a clean cutter.after you finally get the can attached, you must push it up and let it complete about 3-4 complete turns before the can is completely opene
poor can opener.i purchased this can opener and i loved it the first few times i used it, now i hate it. it doesn't open the can completely leaving a very dangerous and sharp lid for me to pull off. i don't know if they can be sharpened, but for now it sits in a drawer. maybe i will call kitchenaid. as i own everthing they make.
not kitchen aid quality.bought one of these openers at outlet in blowing rock, nc . it worked well for all of two days, then the opener teeth became completely unable to bite into any can rim. threw it in the garbage as it was worthless. what a bad joke
not as good as the braun multiquick.i was going to buy this stick blender, and then i read a review with some troubling info, so i switched to the braun multiquick, and i'm really glad i did...according to the review i read, this cuisinart smart stick can only be used for 15 seconds at a time, according to the manual.  the parts are not dishwasher safe.  and it only has one speed - on or off...the braun multiquick, on the other hand, is awesome. all parts but the motor are dishwasher safe.  it has several speeds - i think 10 - plus a "turbo" mode.  and you can use it as long as you want - no 15-second limit.  i use it for everything. i puree soups right in the pot without the mess of transferring to a food processor. we make smoothies in the large cup that comes with it, which fits the stick blender perfectly. and even though i wasn't really interested in having the blender-looking attachment, i use it all the time. in fact, the 400 watt motor makes it a lot more powerful than our "real" blender. it makes mincemeat of ice and frozen berries. the other thing i love is the "turbo" mode - it's just so powerful, it zips through everything.
very disappointed - makes a sloppy cup of coffee.i admit that i am a bit of a coffee snob but this krups coffee maker not only makes a weak cup of coffee but also makes a mess of your kitchen.  towards the end of the brew cycle water spits from the spout and ends up all over the unit and your kitchen.  other pod coffee makers create a nice layer of creme on top but this just leaves bubbles.  i would not recommend this machine if you want clean-up work after every time you brew coffee.  for the cost, i'd buy the simple human until as it makes the perfect cup of coffee with no mess
not happy.i was excited about buying this machine. when i tried it first, i thought that the coffee was pretty decent and loved the ease of preparing coffee. however, after having the machine for 5 days, it started getting very noisy and spraying coffee in a wide circle around the cup. also, it did not measure correctly -once it just emptied the whole tank and the cup ran over, it was a mess. i called krups. they have a special line for complaints with this machine - obviously, they get a lot! when i reported that the machine did not measure the amount of water correctly, i was told "we hear about all kinds of problems with the machine, but this one i have not heard about". krups asked me to send the machine and they would have a look at it, either fix it or send me a new one. it would take 4-6 weeks. very disappointed
great first impression - increasingly disappoints with use.positive:..looked good, good brand name, nice extra features, premium priced implied quality...on arrival i was very pleased with the design, large water tank, charcoal filter and specialty / dual pod holders for latte etc...negative:..splashes coffee in an eight inch arc around machine on every use..the top latch frequently jams and if not correctly aligned the machine leaks badly..switching between regular and specialty pod holder becomes an irritation - the right and left pod holder are not interchangeable and i'd always seem to have the wrong one on hurried mornings..four months after arrival i've ditched this "premium" device for one half the price ( i chose the melitta mes2b but senso works fine too). ..the specialty pods for latte etc aren't that great and quite expensive. if you like latte style on the quick i'd recommend buying a pod maker in the $50-$60 dollar range, buy an areolatte whisk for $10. microwave 1/4 cup of milk in your coffee mug, whisk with the areolatte for 10 seconds, then brew from the pod machine directly into coffee mug. not quite fantastic but pretty good and no mess...only those with a maid or a willing spouse to clean up after them are likely to find this krups machine quick and easy
broke the first time i used it!.i bought the good grips julienne peeler because it was a few dollars cheaper than kuhn rikon's.  i tried it on potatoes, cheese, and cucumbers.  by the time i was done, it had twisted some of its teeth.  also, it's really easy to nick your skin with this.  i'm wondering if the kuhn rikon julienne peeler would be better -- if there's some added quality that comes with the higher price
soup bowls not good.i sent them back. they were nothing like i expected nor are they anything like what was advertised. the picture depicts the bowls as being glazed. this is correct only in part. the part that faces out on the picture is glazed, the rest of the bowl is not. this is not dishwasher safe, nor is it oven safe. besides which, it feels yucky when you touch it. in addition, i'm not happy about having to pay shipping charges to return something because it was inaccurately portrayed on your website. this gives me considerable pause when it comes to ordering from amazon.com in the future
unhappy with my grill pan.i bought this as a replacement for my george foreman grill, which i used to hate to clean.  i have been very disappointed with the cast iron grill.  it's even more difficult to clean than the foreman grill!  i have other cast iron fry pans which i love.  i had planned to use this grill pan to cook bacon, but my turkey bacon strips stick to the ridges.  perhaps the problem is that i haven't learned how to best use this pan.  in the meantime, it has been retired to a kitchen cabinet
does not lose suction, but loses power almost instantly!.when i first heard that dyson was going to make a hand unit, i was very excited, but excitement has turned into bitter disappointment as this product has failed to deliver on the most basic requirement: function!..it simply has terrible battery life, in fact its worse than my old black  decker products from five years ago. i think it lasts about five minutes, even if that. in this age of ipods with 24 hour batteries and mobile phones that last over a week, you would think dyson would have at least develop a battery that could last an average house cleaning of say one hour. ..shame dyson, shame.
dyson root 6 - battery life 4-5 minutes for three hour charge.if you only have a few minutes of cleaning to do with this cute little dust buster, you'll be happy with this root 6 expensive little vacuum.  i had hoped to be able to clean blinds or the back of my car with this, but 4-5 minutes is not a lot of cleaning time.  no where on the dyson website did i find this information before buying this item.  i emailed dyson for the address of where to send the item back for a return and never got an answer.  i called customer service and they did not provide me with the information and told me they were there for product information only!  now that i seem to be stuck with this item, please tell that guy to come up with some better colors for his machines
very disappointing.just a few minutes of battery run time make this near worthless. get a dustbuster, or for the same price, get 7 of them.
does not fit 9 cup prosessor.i recently bought a new fp from amazon as well as this disc set. upon arrival i found that this set will not fit the new 9 cup fp. i called the vendor and was told that i was wrong and was disconnected. i called kitchenaid and my findings were confirmed. the set only fits an older 9 cup fp. i ordered the set from kitchenaid. the reason i gave the set only one star was for the following reasons. first the set does not fit. secondly, the vender ( ace hardware )was very rude by hanging up
not practical.this pan is heavy and badly balanced, and the handle is extremely uncomfortable. with a pan this heavy you need a good handle; this one is narrow (ruins the balance) and has sharp edges that are unpleasant to grasp. the pan is far too heavy to let the cook manipulate and flip and toss food the way one should for a stir fry or saute. i also find the surface very hard to clean -- the slightest fond sticks more to the pan than the food. mine has been soaking in my sink for 48 hours now after cooking a very basic stir fry and i still don't think i'm going to be able to get it looking clean again. this is my first piece of all-clad and it's very disappointing
polder iron rest.i was not pleased with it because i never was able to receive a complete product.  twice i ended up sending it back because it was missing pieces needed to hold it one the ironing board.  if i cannot get a product with all needed pieces then i will not chance ordering again a third time
cheap painted pan.when this pan showed up, i loved it. it looks cool and it cooks well. but the finish wore off within a couple of months, and i was left with an ugly aluminum pan. i called calphalon but they told me that if i didn't follow the cleaning instructions they wouldn't replace it. but the instructions are to wash it before and after you cook...i would pay attention to reviews from people that have owned this pan for a while. ymmv. but all of the calphalon we bought (and used) ended up in the garbage before long.
hoping for better.i have just started cooking on a regular basis. the hard-anodized cookware (i also purchased a 9 piece set)looks cool and more importantly cooks evenly and true (they conduct heat really well). the only thing is i can't get them clean, even after the first use. i hand washed them with a sponge and they look clean when they are wet. then i dry them and they look like crap. the pans are smooth and clean, but they don't look clean, there is a weired blochiness. the brochure says to use ajax to bring them back to new, but i don't have the guts to try it. also you have to be real carefull or everything will stick. i didn't return them, they work, but i would buy something else. (like calphalon one for three times the price?
no  way.cannot heat water in this pan with out it sticking. the worst piece of cookware i have ever own goes in trash. would not want to give it to goodwill to be sold for a buck
the every thing sticks pan.i have a couple other calphalon pans, i love them. that's why i ordered this one. i can't cook anything in this one without it sticking. it's way worse than a stainless steel pan without a non stick surface. i don't use it at all any more. it's not even good enough to go into my camping cook box. don't but it
don't waste your money.fan stopped working after about 6 uses. used it 2 hours max each time.  went to turn it on one day and got nothing. right out of the box one of the lights on the remote wouldn't work.  figured it wasn't a big deal so i didn't send it back.  my mistake.
buyer beware.fan stopped working a week after 30 d warranty. dynadirect wouldn't talk to me  honeywell insulted me. amazon rescued me  sent my money back
poor quality, no customer support.i purchased a honeywell enviracare tower fan on 9/2/05, and it operated very nicely at first. however, it stopped working completely within 5 days. there is no valuable customer support information on honeywell's web site--only a form requesting information for inquiry. i would never purchase another of these products
broken dishes, broken dreams!.i ordered this set for a co-worker who had purchased the dishes at some store in indiana on a trip home.  all she wanted to complete her set was the salt and pepper shakers, and i found this for her here on amazon.  we ordered and returned them not one, not two, but three times because this seller either can not or will not package the items in such a way that they don't break during shipping. amazon isn't at fault, of course.  their return policy made everything easy to do, and the refund has already been credited, but if you're cooking.com and you see the same thing come back three times because it got broken in transit, wouldn't you try to package it differently at least once?  incredibly frustrating.
chips ahoy!.the sango splash line of dinnerware is gorgeous, no doubt about it.  it's got a lovely combination of colors and textures and it feels great in the hand.  so what's the problem?  it chips.  i've had a set of eight place settings plus various serving pieces and other extras for about two years.  at last count, there were five pieces with chips and one cracked cup.  that doesn't say much for the set's longevity, especially since i don't use these every day.
everything sticks to this pan!.believe me, i dearly wanted this pan to work out. it costs well over $100. however, no matter what i did, everything i cooked in this pan stuck. i tried using it without greasing it, greasing it with oil, spraying pam on it, putting ghee/butter in it etc. the following things all stuck: pancakes, eggs, hamburgers and chicken. in fact, every thing i tried, stuck. also, the shape was strange as most of the surface area was off the heating surface. also, they have this 1" label on the bottom that was hard to get off. i finally did but once i cooked something, when i turned the pan over there was a microscopic film of glue from the label that i wasn't able to get off and it had turned brown. ugggh, this was the worst cooking experience of my life. needless to say, i returned this pan...
sheets are badly scratched.in spite of the other review saying that the sheets arrived badly scratched, i thought i would try give them a try because they are so inexpensive. bad idea.  they are scratched so badly they are basically unusable.  if you are in the market for cookie sheets, do yourself a favor and spend the extra $5 for ones that you will be able to bake with
onion chopper review.good thought, but when you put an onion on the metal crossblades and try to push down on the top handle thing it is really hard to do and the cutting mechinism doesn't work well. it seems to be sharp but does not cut the onion easily.i purchased this chopper for my mom who is 70 and she could not chop an onion with it.  my kitchen aid chopper does a much better job as does my black and decker electric chopper and they are dishwasher safe also. i would not recommend it at all. there are other choices out there for good deals.
i wouldnt buy it.i think it dosent work.... it dosent cut onion....takes a lot of pressure to slice it...and even then slips....and very difficult to clean afterwards...
its a rip off!.i wanted to have an onion cutter that would make my life easier. after buying  this i found that it was tough to use. i had to apply all my body weight to cut onion. 2nd day , it broke. .it wouldn't cut even small pieces of white onion when they are little slimy..it wouldn't cut tomatoes or bell paper , as written in one of the reviews.don't waste your money
buy a good knife!.when i saw this chopper i thought it was a very good idea. it was a good idea if it had only worked as progressive described it, or if i was 6 ft tall and worked out all the time. i have had to put this gadget on the floor and step on it with my heel to cut even a small section of a small onion through the not very sharp blade. there seems to be inconsistancies as to how sharp the blade is which tells me that there was very poor quality control in the manufacturing of this chopper. there appears to be no middle ground in the reviews. are we all talking about the same chopper? if you have to cut the veggies into small pieces to make this work, why not just continue cutting with a high quality knife. it's just as fast if you practice a little slicing, dicing and chopping. the amount of time to clean my knife is much less than how long it takes me to clean out the little pieces of onion that stick in the blade and the plastic top! also, the little non-skid covers on the feet have disappeared, probably into the bottom of my dishwasher.  a waste of $15.00.
worthless  to the nth!.any serious cuisinart owner/dailer user with their fine array of multiple blades needs a serious storage/accessible medium for those blades. not a counter-top "display" item! cuisinart offered and i have two, pricey stands/racks, with no lids or protection yet they calculated the number of discs per rack wrong. cuisinart should come up with a secure disc-holder to smartly accomodate all discs/blades for a given model and which - if it becomes dirty, wouldn't mind a trip through the dishwasher
beware - fire danger!!.after some years of satisfactory use the probe with my polder thermometer/timer would occasionally not read the temperature so i purchased a replacement. using it to caramelise sugar i found a deep color when the thermometer read only 260f. switching quickly to the old probe it read 350f!! - about what i expected from the color..  had i been using this probe to heat oil i would not have a color change to warn me and i believe it would have reached the flash point and caught fire before it registered a typical frying temperature..  do not use a replacement probe before you have at least checked its reading in boiling water when it should read 212f. this replacement probe was deceptive because it read fairly accurately at room temperature but in boiling water it read only 179f - already 33f low
yes, it's junk.i absolutely love probe thermometers and i've tried all of them.  all of them stink.  the fatal flaw is the probe and they all seem to have probes of about equal quality...i played the "keep buying probes" game and i always keep two unopened spares in the cupboard.  prior to using the thermometer, i always check it against both freezing (ice-water) and boiling temperatures.  if either test fails, i grab a new one...some probes stink right out of the box as others here have mentioned.  the most recent one, brand new, measured freezing at 43 degrees and boiling at 182 degrees.  note this is for a polder probe that had never been used for anything and had never been exposed to high temperatures (i.e. i just dipped it into boiling water, i did not let it sit in the pan while the pan heated).  ..probes that do work new will generally last for half a dozen uses or so.  yes,they will fail in the middle of cooking so it might measure fine when you start and then suddenly decided to be off by 30 degrees...i do have one probe that has lasted for over six months (perhaps 20 uses), so it seems like once in a while you can get a good one which is why some people report no problems.  i've only got one of those out of eleven and i keep hoping to find more...if there's a handier device in the kitchen, i don't know what it is, but the quality of these things is dismal.  if you can afford to keep buying probes and expect to get skunked once in a while, then it's ok.  ..lately, i've been using two at a time so if one goes kaflewy the other will cross-check it.  of course, that means going through probes twice as fast
unacceptable product.i just received this replacement probe and calibrated it immediately.  in a pan of water at a rolling boil the new probe with an old (2 years) polder thermometer / timer at steady state registered 180 degrees f.  an instant-read thermometer read 212 degrees.  a new polder dual-sensor thermo-timer (6 months from amazon) read 239 degrees.  both digital thermometers replicated their readings with brand new aaa batteries as well. maybe the trick is use both thermometers and take an average. don't waste your money on either polder product.  their accuracy does not warrent the risk of ruining a good roast
don't waste your money!.i had a batch of salsa to make at the last minute and thought this might be handy to buy and do the chopping for me. but after assembling it and re-reading the directions 50 times, it became clear that it didn't work.  not only did i waste an hour trying to get the darn thing to work, i ended up having to do all the chopping myself.  .it won't work unless the lid latch is locked and in place, but my latch wouldn't budge. therefore, because of the safety features in place, the blades wouldn't move at all..waste of money, time, and effort. spend a few more dollars and get a different brand!  i won't buy black and decker again.
baffled.well, sounds like most of the reviewers here have a different product than i do.  i had a westinghouse mini food processor for a few years that i loved until i finally broke the lid.  so, this is the replacement (my second one of these by the way).  i didn't like it the first time, and i don't like it now.  it emits an ear-piercing squeal every time i turn it on, and it doesn't chop very well.  i ofen have to run it for a long time and/or mix up the contents several times to get it to chop everything -- and it didn't chop my parsley like it did another reviewers.  i would recommend avoiding it, even despite the low cost
don't buy it.consistently uneven toasting.  blackens the ends and under cooks the middle.
not big enough for a family of four.i just purchased this product, based in part on the reviews i read and because of the great price.  however, it is much smaller than it appears and the single basket is tiny!  one small potato cut up for fries would practically fill it. i'd give it 5 stars for looks, because it is a nice looking machine, but it just doesn't stack up to my old fry daddy for size.  in all honesty, we are not even going to try it out, so i don't know how well it works.  this one is going back to amazon (thanks to amazon for the easy return process) and we will continue shopping for something much larger to fit our large "fried-foods-are-our-friend" appetites
does not compare with wagner magnalite.the lid does not fit tightly on the pot. the wagner magnalite dutch oven tops are so tight they create almost a vacuum, lessening cooking time.  this product is far less than expected. i'm very disappointed in the product
works great for a few times, then cracks..this injector works great for a few times, but then cracks, not allowing you to suck-up the marinade or inject it. this was only hand-washed after every use.  don't waste your money on it; you will pull it out to use it, and will not be able to when you need it [like when you have that big turkey sitting on the counter, and find the injector unusable].  the acrylic body needs to be redesigned and manufactured with another, more durable material, then it would be absolutely great
don't buy it!!!!.the injector worked great the first couple of times i used it however over time the plastic body developed cracks in the base where the needle threads in.  from that point forward the injector would only suck air.  i eventually had to throw it out
mine broke after limited use.i must agree with the other negative reviewer. i used mine only to inject flavorings into cakes-not a harder substance like raw beef or chicken-and it broke in 2 places after only 3 uses. and if you are using a thinner liquid as opposed to a thick marinade or sauce, the liquid simply pours out of the holes before you have a chance to inject it. don't waste your money
ruined our thanksgiving.this oven started to smoke and burn as soon as we turned it on. it went straight in the garbage.   do not buy!!
a huge disappointment.i love kitchenaid products. the handmixer, manual can opener and the mini chopper are all great products. this is not. this is only the second product i've ever ordered from amazon that i am returning. this tea kettle is a thing of beauty...elegant and sturdy with quality construction. my love affair ends there...it seems that "the look" was the most important feature to the designer of this kettle because nothing else was considered. makes me wonder how and who tested this product. they should have called me. it doesn't matter that this tea kettle is lovely to look at if it's not functional. it is almost impossible to add water to this kettle via the spout which is the fastest and most efficient way to add water to a kettle. the reason you can't easily add water is due to a design flaw. the lid on the kettle is made so deep that you cannot completely open the spount without taking the lid off. so, if you have to take the lid off to fill the pot, you may as well fill from the lid opening. it's a huge annoyance if you want to boil water for a quick cup of tea or coffee, and it's also a major design flaw. the other major annoyance is that it spews water on the stove as it begins to whistle and you end up with a puddle of water. i've tried different water levels to no avail. so not only will it take you longer to fill this kettle, you'll also have to clean up the water it spews. i've owned many tea kettles in my lifetime. none of them cost over $15 and none of them ever spewed water all over the place. i think for $39, a consumer should expect a quality tea kettle, not just a pretty pot. if i could have rated this with a minus star, i would have. what could have been another great product from kitchenaid is a huge disappointment. i am shocked that kitchenaid would offer such a poorly designed product. there are other reviews for this pot listed under the enamel (colored) versions. many of those reviews expressed the same problems i have encountered with this kettle. i wish i had heeded their advice
not a good chopper!.again, another kitchenaid product i got hoping for quality (because it's kitchenaid, it should be quality!) and thouroughly dissapointed. it really is hard to take apart and put together and does a very poor job with the actual chopping, which is what is it's only function. my mom has the original pampered chef chopper and it's a dream! i was hoping this one would be just as good. it's not. do not buy
junk.this chopper does a poor job, with a fine line between chopping and pulverizing, and takes way too much effort to chop a reasonable portion of most vegetables...a complete disappointment for onions and bell peppers.  a knife is almost as fast, yet effortless.  of course, the human ability to rationalize any decision they make leaves one wanting to say something good about the product, but this thing really is a piece of junk
good thing it was free.....this item was included free with the purchase of the metrokane rabbit corkscrew with foilcutter (excellent item) and it's a good thing. the very first time i tried to use it the rubber/plastic peice on the end broke off dropping to the bottom of my bottle of wine.....very cheap plastic item, reusing your cork would work better than this item
amazon's misrepresentation.in the product detail, amazon states that this product was made in france, as it should since this is a trademark french brand name, so i ordered one. ..but the actual product i received was made in thailand. i contacted amazon for a resolution since i placed this order with a promotional certificate. i received extremely unprofessional and ignorant responses only containing their lengthy return policy and they completely avoided my inquiry of the misrepresentation of the country of manufacture. ..i also purchased a $200 panasonic drill that advertised by amazon as made in japan, but in fact was made in mexico. i also wrote to amazon about the misrepresentation, i have never received any response at all...i think many customers would simply not have made the purchase had they known the misrepresentation of such nature. since the return for such heavy items are very inconvenient. some will just settle even when they deserve a better solution. shame on amazon for such misrepresentation and intentional avoidance to correct the mistake
looks and feels cheap.this set of tiny tools is a rip-off. it looks and feels cheap with all the handles made of cheap plastic. you can clearly see the bumps on both sides of the jigger. that shows you the craftsmanship, or lack of it to be correct. i guess the formula now is to give a fancy european name to a lousy product and put it on the internet with a hefty price. buyers have no idea of its actual size just by looking at the picture. also few people want to go through the hassle to return stuff purchased online. stay away, you have been warned
looks great, but....a friend of mine bought this for me as a gift, and it looks great.  unfortunately, the bottle opener isn't well designed.  i found this out by trying to force open a bottle of guinness.  in spite of the fact that i had the opener in the correct position, i ended up breaking the neck of the bottle instead of taking off the lid.  i have had this same problem with other bottles, although i've had the good sense not to apply that much pressure again!  so while the rest of the set is useful, i just keep the bottle opener out for looks and use an ugly old one i keep in a kitchen drawer.  sigh
it broke!.high impact plastic?  i don't think so.  mine cracked almost immediately.  i guess the moral of the story is to spend more money on something durable
not worrth it........i have bought flannel sheets from amazon before but they were from martex and they were greate. but, these are just bad. they are too thin to start with, left lint all over the bed and even after washing they have left fuzzies all over the sheets, i cannot even explain how bad it is. i  should have waited for another martex deal
afraid they'll fall apart.i bought two sets to take advantage of the free shipping, despite the low reviews. (i plan to buy good sheets once they go on clearance at the end of the season...) when i took one set out of the package there was already a hole in it. amazon replaced them, but when i washed them they feel like they are going to fall apart. the filled up the lint collector. i have red and green lint everywhere, even after washing them. you get what you pay for
horrendous!.i bought 2 sets each of the twin size brick and navy blue.  .i opened and washed 1 of each color - seperately because of the pillig issue i read - and even after 4 wash and drys (and full dryer filter cleanouts after each dry) - they still have bits coming off . .to top it off, with all the 'fuzz' in the dryer filter - they are now no longer as soft and thick as when i first opened the package and they haven't even been used yet..i see from some reviews that the light solid colors seem to not have the same issue so maybe this is some type of dye process issue.
not as good as it used to be!.i bought service for 12 of this flatware. i remember my sister having this and the pieces were nicely weighted. the set that i received is way too light, and the utensils are too small. the tablespoons look like teaspoons and they will definitely not pass the ice cream test. it seems like a bargain, but it's worth it to spend a little more on 18/10-you live with it everyday
not satisfied.i have calphalon pans and i hardly ever use them because you have to be so careful how you cook.  the heat has to be just right, you can't use spray on oils such as pam, food sticks if you put the food in while it is cold, if the heat isn't just right food sticks too.  very frustrating for me.  i love to cook, but i regret buying these pans
grater broke.i bought this set and was very pleased until the grater just snapped at the handle. this implies that there is a support problem with the manufacturers design
irobot lacks quality control.i bought the factory-reconditioned irobot roomba earlier this year.  when i received the roomba, everything worked except for the remote.  however, after just half a year and only about half a dozen usages, the battery no longer maintains its charge.  so, now i'll need to junk the entire machine.  with so many reconditioned machines, irobot definitely lacks quality control.  so unless irobot improves its quality control, i would not recommend irobot vacuums to anyone
junky skillet.i love every pan in this set except for the 10 inch skillet.  after using it a couple of times, the non stick coating started coming up!  i have had several cheap skillets from places like target and walmart, and none of them have ever done this.  i put in for a replacement, and hopefully this one was just a defective one!..update:  i got the replacement, and it is fine
pooped out.i purchased this from a local discount store.  i made cookie dough once and it pooped out on me.  i returned it to the store and they replaced it with the same mixer.  again, i took it home.  i use my mixer at most once a month for cookie dough or cake mixes.  i have had it for over 6 months, but it has quit on me again.  i give up!
lodge logic pre-seasoned rectangular cast-iron grill press.much smaller than i expected. i should have asked for measurements. a very nice, well made item but just too small for bacon or anythng else i can think of.
too much trouble.looks great in my kitchen but i, too, only use it for shakes  smoothies.  it does smell like burning rubber nearly every time.  i used to think something was wrong with it and now i just disregard it.  and after less than two years or making smoothies, i'm replacing the blade  gasket assembly.
horrible interface, stinky, didn't last.how did a company like cuisinart manage to find so many ways to mess up a blender?..the interface is so complicated that my wife literally couldn't figure it out. you have to press 3 buttons just to pulse. then after pulsing, if you want to let it go by itself you have to press 4 buttons! it might not sound like much, but it's very unintuitive. i hate using it...and it smells like burning rubber. ..and it died...absolutely not recommended
very disappointed in this cuisinart product..we have owned this blender for about 3 years. if i had to do it again i definitely would not buy this blender. first, it is very loud. the timer quit working and the band rivets around the jar are rusty. the only things i like about it are that it is easy to clean and the jar is nice and big. other than that don't waste your time
pretty blender shaped paper weight.this is our fourth new blender in the last three years.  my wife and i prepare one large smoothie everyday that has no ice, but lots of frozen berries, fresh fruit, etc. nothing else goes in the blender. this blender looked nice and was so heavy it implied quality. it even worked great for a few months. then one day the gear that delivers power from the base to the jar stripped right off. now it is out of warranty. this is not simple to replace since the plastic/rubber piece separated from the steel shaft. we paid close to $100 for this thing so spending a couple of hours bringing it to someone who will charge $25-$50 to repair it seems like throwing good money after bad.  ..this blender,like many others that i will not waste anymore time reviewing, is described as heavy duty, industrial or commercial grade.  none-i repeat-none of the ones sold at your retail store are comparable to the better commercial models. save yourself time and money and buy the real commercial models that will last you a lifetime.  you can easily find quite a few brands and reviews on the internet. the ones used in restaurants, bars and other food service businesses are constructed to a higher standard and have replaceable parts that are readily available over the internet. be prepared to pay $200-$500...for someone who only occasionally will use a blender to make margaritas  this may be a very useful blender.
bait and switch.i've had my romba discovery for about a year, and its worked pretty well. now the battery is dead, and irobot won't replace it. they say the batteries are on back order, but offer a discount for a trade in. it's been 2 months since i ordered the battery and irobot can't tell me when i can get this replacement part, but they can offer a good deal on a new unit. this is clearly a bait and switch as well as a deceptive business practice. this unethical behavior means i will never do busisness with this company and i advise everyone to avoid i-robot. ..do not but this product.
great machine lousy batteries.i bought our machine for christmas 2005, by august after much use the battery had died. i tried several sources to purchase a new battery and none of them have one in stock, not even irobot. i think that is absolutely pathetic. ..the fact that they are willing to take your old roomba in on trade in, makes me think they are not very honest in how they do business. too bad, i liked the machine
not what it seems.this grater has one major problem. it oozes cheese out of the base while you grate. easy to clean, but i am going back to my box grater
garbage.this thing sucks. ..basically the mechanics/ergonomics are designed horribly and so you can not get enough leverage or compressive forces on the harder cheeses to grate them...you basically have to squeeze very hard on a really uncomfortable handle which really fatigues your hand, and i'm a big strong guy. no one in my family uses this thing...for softer cheeses like cheddar it's equally miserable. it's still uncomfortable to use and on top of that, the cheese gets all caught up in the drum turning it into mush. ..this thing is going in the garbage today
try a different grater.this grater really does not work as advertised. harder cheeses take forever to grind and soft ones get stuck in the grating tube. try a different grater - this one ain't work the 20 bucks.
unuseable!!!.my grill press was not drilled all the way through on one side where the handle attaches, so at this point it is totally worthless.  the package says it is only returnable unopened in original packaging, which of course is not the state of ours, since we opened it to use it.  we are currently trying to figure out how to either finish drilling through the cast iron, or i will try to get amazon to take it back and pay for the shipping (since spending $10 to ship a heavy cast iron grill press back makes no sense)
disintegrates if used for ice drink.i'm not sure what's going on here, cuz half these reviews seem to say it works great.  i decided to make a daquiri using the simple recipe of a bacardi mixer, rum and ice.  i've done this in an el cheapo osterizer by pre-crushing the ice with an ice crusher.  the selling point for this was that i could just put in the ice cubes and skip the extra step...i heard the same loud noise, and the same funky smells, as other reviewers.  further, looking at the rubber-covered wheel on the base which is supposed to drive the blades, the rubber was peeled and disintegrated, and moreover, there were small chips of metal all over the place.  after one use...i have difficulty believing that this is just a fluke, especially with these other reviews...i wouldn't call this product "professional" at all, and i'm surprised that waring is still trying to sell it
bad design/cheap materials.we're a small restaurant (16 seats), serving dinner 4 nights a week, and we use the blender for soups, caesar dressing, etc., once or twice a week, but never use ice in it or anything like that. we've had two of this same model now, and had the same problem with both of them. the black collar, the part of the base where you set the container, is plastic, and on both blenders has broken. the first time it lasted almost a year, and we figured that wasn't too bad -- especially when you compare the cost to a true commercial/professional blender, which are $300+. also, we really like the blender in terms of function, so we picked up another one. this time, the exact same thing happene, except that the collar cracked within 2 weeks!! ..my other complaint is that i found waring customer service to be disinterested  unhelpful -- especially because i contacted them about buying a new model, not about problems with the one we had. i saw a model on their website but no purchasing info was listed; i emailed to find out where to purchase, and the rep seemed almost inconvenienced by my inquiry
disappointed smoothie lover.i received my waring blender on march 17.  today is march 19, and i just tried to use the otherwise lovely machine to make a smoothie.  that proved to be disastrous.  as was mentioned in other reviews, the blades jammed up within seconds and the blender began to smoke. i could smell rubber burning.  not a fragrance one wants to experience when trying to make breakfast!  i stopped the blender, stirred the mixture (in the event some frozen fruit was clogging the blades), and tried again.  the mixture seemed to blend ok on high for about 20 seconds, then the blades died on me again.  once more, i stopped, stirred, and tried again.  the unit continued to smoke and smell of burning rubber, so i quit.  smoking appliances (other than toasters, i suppose) are not for me, so i will be returning this blender.  this was my very first blender, and although i was sure to follow the directions exactly, i got terrible results...a chunky, grainy smoothie.  hopefully, i'll find another machine that works twice as well for half the price
terrible!.this blender did not work on a measly smoothie.  the design of the carafe may be the problem.  blenders with a funnel-shaped carafe work best because the motor creates a tornado-like suction that moves everything to the center and down.  this waring blender has a straigt-sided carafe.  i had to use a spoon every time to get a smooth result... and ice?  forget it!  i sent mine back and ended up getting a black and decker $39 one from target and loooove it
did not meet my expectations.the two-to-go coffeemaker worked fine for the first few weeks of heavy use but by the third week, the machine was only making about enough coffee to fill one of the containers.  we believe that grounds may have gotten in the drip device which lays right ontop of the grounds and is part and parcel of what i believe to be a bad design. when it was working right, it produced a great cup of coffee, but now it will soon be replaced.
lasted 2 months.i would've given it 4 stars. 5 had the on button not been really hard to push when i got it. but i bought it april 13th and it was dead june 15th. i'm getting a replacement but i am out shipping the original, shipping it back, and a $5 charge to get the replacement at 7-10 days shipping..waiting to see if i get a new one
passing.i bought this coffee maker because i am the only coffee drinker in the home and one cup is normally enough for me.  the quality and taste of the coffee is fair at best.  i normally have to microwave the water before adding it to the maker to get the coffee hot enough for my enjoyment.  the heating element just doesn't get cold water to the proper temperature.  all in all this coffee maker is just passing enough to enjoy a blah cup of joe on weekends.  i will be in the market for another model soon
good if you can keep it working.updated: april 2nd..i wrote a review for this last week --- you can see it below this one. i loved the product, but was disappointed in that it a) stopped working after a short time and b) cuisinart said it would take an unreasonable period of time to replace it. ..i just wanted to update my review. i called cuisinart and they said it'd take 3 days to process paperwork and 2 weeks to pick up the unit. it actually took about 3 business days to pick up the unit... and in 2 business days i had my new coffeepot. in total... 1 week.. not too shabby!..although the unit burning out seems to be an issue with some of these units (see previous reviews by others as well), cuisinart will stand behind their product -- hopefully they will correct the problem...btw if i could update my stars i'd put it at a 4-star rating - had it not burned out to begin with i'd given it 5-stars....-------------written march 27th ---------------------------------.when i first got this product i loved it.  i'm not a daily coffee drinker -- but every once in a while i like to brew a cup...at first, i liked that i could just get a cup or two and go. i don't care that it doesn't have a warming plate for 3 reasons:.1st - it stays warm enough for me in the cup and .2nd - i don't usually let my coffee sit and wait for more then 20 minutes.3rd - if i'm not "going" i'd like the option to brew directly into a glass mug (which works fine)..additionally, i found it easy to clean --- the basket pops right out and no pot to clean.. just the cups.. if you rinse them out when your done clean up is nothing...like many other reviewers (honestly -- too many to ignore) mine stopped working after about 10 uses.  it just doesn't turn on. this is apparently a common problem.  however, it does have a 3 year warranty. so i called them...anyone else who has had theirs break down call cusinart and send it back!! maybe they'll get the message -- at least it will cost them enough to fix them all that it'll make them think twice about putting such low quality products on the market. really, coffee pots are not rocket science!.the number for cuisinart repair is: .1-800-243-8546..the service at cuisinart stinks!.basically, they said it would take 3 days to process the paperwork and 2 weeks for them to send ups to pick it up.  no estimate on how long it will actually take to return it.  fortunately, i have an old stovetop revereware drip pot (which works fantastically - but more work to clean).  since i'm not a daily coffee drinker it isn't a huge deal to be without my coffeepot for - what appears to be at least - a month. however, my significant other would be in absolute misery (as would i) if it weren't for the backup...if anyone from cuisinart reads this!! do you seriously think that your speed of service is acceptable??  heck, i can get my laptop (which is just slightly more complicated) fixed in a day or two! this should not take more than a week to fix.
was this thing intended to hang.it has metal clips on each end that look like they are intended to hold the thermometer to one of the racks in the fridge, however, it is not balanced and the front simply spins downward and falls off the wire racks.
don't.mine lasted less than 3 months and i can't find a replacement blade assembly anywhere.
lasted less than 5 months.i purchased this blender to make smoothies. it worked great for about 5 months and then the plastic piece that connects the motorized base to the blender pitcher broke off during useage. i generally use this blender once a day 5 times a week for smoothies. after the reviews that i read on amazon and consumer reports i had expected this item to last longer. i purchased the small appliance warranty from amazon also, big mistake. the blender didn't even last long enough for it to go into effect. i have heard the braun is impossible to deal with on repair issues and that the cost of shipping is around 20 - 30 dollars. for that price i will find another blender. this blender is great if you are looking for something to take up space on your coutertop, but if you are looking for something to use 4 or 5 times a week it probably wont last long. i noticed that most of the good reviews for this product are from people that just recently purchased it. i wonder how many of them would give it a 5 star review after the first year...my bet is very few. too bad 0 stars is not an option
not recommended.my husband sought this out and ordered this on the basis of reviews (consumer reports?).  we used it twice and then, just after 30 days (when one can no longer return to amazon), we discovered it was dead.  then we noticed  the reviews here on this site and see that there are many complaints about this item!  a blender should be able to handle frozen fruit for smoothies!  the $20 ones i've bought at the drugstore always managed fine.  i took it to a braun repair shop where hopefully it will be fixed. however, the plastic teeth that turn the blade look fragile and probably won't last. i am perplexed that this machine has been rated highly by respected sources...on the plus side - i do like its design and the fact that the jar is held in place on the base and doesn't unscrew itself like my last blender.  won't matter if it won't work
makes great smoothies, for two weeks only.consumer reports rates this as number one for making smoothies, and it is a great blender, sort of.  the only problem is its engineering.  the connection between the rotors and the powerful  motor are all flimsy plastic and break easily.  i noticed how thin the plastic connections were when i first upened the box and was apprehensive.  nevertheless it made great smoothies for about two weeks, then when grinding up a banana and some rasberries, the white teflon teeth on the bottom of the rotor broke.  if you live in san antonio, forget warranty repair, it has to go to corpus christie. not!  this is a bad product. poorly engineered and unreliable
this bender is no good.i have had this blender for 5 months and it has broken twice. i read somewhere that the plastic teeth on the bottom of the housing jar were easily broken and that is so true. i had to take it in to the shop the first time. i called and complained to braun the second time. in all fairness, they sent me a brand new one. i didn't even ask for it. the braun rep did tell me that it is "fragile" when it comes to crushing frozen fruit. frozen fruit is harder than ice (is that true?) it should not really be used for making smoothies on a daily basis. well, what good is that? i wanted it specifically for making smoothies on a daily basis. they just don't things like they use to..
faulty inserts.this product is a great idea and would be wonderful.  however, i have to versions and both of the thermal inserts that you heat in the microwave have exploded.  also, i have been unable to find replacements
the sango saga continues....received this item with one of the four containers broken.  returned immediately and as directed requesting a replacement order - that was over a month ago - still waiting to see if these canisters meet the same fate as the hostess set that i will never be able to get.  very unsatisfied with this transaction as well
cuts well but rusted.after entirely too much time spent researching which knives to go with (wustof or henckels), i went with wustof on recommendation from a williams-sonoma staff person. while the blade cuts nicely and does its job, the construction left a lot to be desired. i had the knife thru two washings and saw rust building up between the handle and full tang of the blade. now, it's possible i have a lemon, but when i'm spending $50 per knife, i don't want to see anything really wrong with it. i don't want to be responsible for poisoning any dinner guests with rust! i bought the single knife to test whether i'd want the whole set, and well, it doesn't look like i'll be splurging
not enough bang for your buck.this juicer works well for oranges and smaller citrus, but if you like grapefruit juice look somewhere else.  the power of the motor is lacking and the auto-reverse feature is spasmodic and not effective.  on the upside, the spout feature is well designed and the pulp option is also pretty slick.  but overall for the price (~$50) i expected more bang for my buck
i've given up.despite this being a wedding gift from my brother, i've given up on it.  it has become nearly impossible to open!  several people have spilled drinks trying to pry it open.  i like it, but it simply doesn't work, and it makes you look like a fool when guests are waiting for their drinks
disappointing.at first i was happy with this mixer.  my last mixer lasted about 10 years and cost very little.  this mixer cost more, i thought was a good brand, and lasted only abut 2 yrs.  something happened to make one of the beaters turn sporatically and hit the other beater. threw it away
warranty? what warranty?.i bought this mixer on sale, at a department store  set it aside for future use. i was pleasantly surprised with the power...yet as others have noted, it was too powerful for wet foods...does a larger bowl help? rarely. i used this mixer for a little over a year and suddenly the left beater sputters and stops, rendering the whole mixer useless. i tried to e-mail customer service, several times...always came back as an error. i finally made a telephone call.. a total waste of my time. the warranty had expired. period. would i buy another? never.
do not recommend.this mixer broke down in the middle of christmas cookies - and it wasn't that old. i purchased it a few years ago.   the poor durability of this mixer in a brand that should deliver a better product is unacceptable.  my old ge hand mixer lasted 5 times as long as this one did, and cost a lot less.   i wonder about the quality of the motor if it could burn out in such a relatively short time.  i do agree with other reviewers that the low speed was too high; no major differences between speeds 1-3; they were all fairly highspeed
does not fit the sk12 skillet.i was shipped the lid, but it arrived after several days and is the wrong size. it plainly says 10 on the lid, even though the lid measures almost 12"
poor customer service makes this sealer useless.we recommended a rival food sealer to many friends and relatives, before it developed a glitch. after a short time, the sealer started turning off before the food saver bags were fully suctioned. it was necessary to unplug it and plug it back in to get it going again. as time went on, the problem became worse and worse. after receiving no replies to our contacts to rival (2 to the 800 number and 1 via email), we tossed it and replaced it with another, more expensive brand. rival's customer service is non-existent, so do not take a chance with buying any of their products. if it should break, you are on your own.
poor quality.i used this board a couple of times, and it warped, split, and felt very rough to the touch after rinsing it in warm water. i am returning it
seconds, anyone?.i am so disappointed in the enamel finish on this pot.  it looks like a factory second.  there are three small pits in the white finish on the inside bottom of the pot that collect cooking debris and make cleaning difficult.  the outside finish is irregular and bumpy looking and the top edge of the pot has some irregularities.  i would send this back, but have gotten rid of the box.  i wish i had spent the extra money for the le cruset
disappointed with past bowl.i am happy with the delivery and the packaging. the bowl looks like it is chipped on the bottom base but upon closer examination has proven to be areas that the paint and glaze did not adhere. the bowl looks chipped though. there is an area on the side of the rounded part of the bowl that is scuffed, as if sand paper was rubbed against the bowl. i am unhappy with the condition but i only paid $11.00 for it. i like the color, even though it doesn't appear professionally painted and glazed. i would opt for something different next time..i would return it but the hassle is not worth my efforts. also, this bowl was supposed to be a gift. i am now faced with the unfortunate dilema of either giving this bowl as a present or shopping for something else. i think 2 stars is a fair rating of this item
really disappointing.when i saw these pasta bowls on sale i just had to get.them.big mistake!!!i ordered 4 and all are defective.with chipped paint, scratches and the color isn't uniform.i really like the color and i also ordered the 16 piece .dinnerware set,so i guess i'll have to send that back too..i guess you get what you pay for.
i got what i paid for! fiestaware 1-qt pasta bowls.while seeing this pasta bowl on sale for $4.99, i didn't think twice to purchase several of them will all kind of color availalbe 2 weeks ago. what a great price! i was so excited and waiting on the door on the schedule delivery day. the packing is nice and secure. the color was so vivid at the first sight, but.... after i took a hard look, almost half of the bowls are defective!! un-colored white spot, un-glazed bubble holes, black dots/stain inside of the bowl. even defective spots are tiny, but they are so obvious. they just don't look good with those flaws on them! i was so....disappointed and frustrated as i went through all the 21 bowls i ordered. by the way, the black bowl have no name or mark of the manufacturer on the bottom of the bowl. i will say those are probably the factory-secondary products. it turned out i have to return almost half of the bowls and keep those bowls with bearable defectiveness, such as vague stamp of the manufacturer on the bottom of the bowls. of course, all the black ones are returned since they are no-name with the bad quality. no one will even believe they are fiestaware!!
pretty - but small.love the matching sugar bowl that comes with this butter dish, and the butter dish is very pretty, however it is too small!! or short rather.. you put a standard cube of butter in the dish and it squeezes the top of the butter and gets stuck. the lid does not touch the bottom of the dish  until you have used most of the butter. also it has to reach room temperature, so it becomes molded to the shape of the lid better, which in turn makes a mess. really, very unusual and it drives me nuts. i do not recomend the butter dish, sadly
useless.this mandoline isn't sharp enough to cut much of anything.  it makes mush out of most things (tomatoes, etc).  don't waste your money on this one, spend the extra money to get something better
awkward to use and hard to slice.the mandoline looks nice witht the stainless steel, however, it's not usable.  unless you have large hands, the food holder is hard to grasp which made it unusable to me.  the horizontal placing of the food blade made it difficult to cut anything hard like carrots.  you would need to exert more pressure than using a knife.  i tried to use it several times thinking maybe i am not using it right.  after using it several times on different vegetables, i have concluded that it's easier to just use the knife.  the only thing that it can cut better than a knife are paper thin slices of cucumber.  otherwise it would be safer and quicker to cut with a knife...it's a waste of money unless you want to cut something that has the firmness of a cucumber without being too firm or soft.
waste of money.....big disappointment.the item is basically useless for me. it was not easy to use, it did not cut stuff as shown. it was awkward to use and the safety handle is useless. i was really disappointed with it...dont waste your money on it. if my husband hadnt thrown out the box  i would be returning it....
dull blades.as soon as this product arrived i set it up and got to work a batch of pico de gallo.  i first tried to slice up some tomatoes and to my utter disappointment all i got was a smashed tomato.  i tried running it down to the blade quickly and slowly in different motions with a couple tomatoes and got the same result.  the fruit (yes a tomato is a fruit) stuck at the blades and smashed up between the inside wall of the holder and the blades and just turned into a mess.  so i thought perhaps i needed something harder and tougher.  i tried an onion and had only slightly better results.  it took a lot of work, but the first part of the onion did chop; the backside however came out in shreds.  suffice it to say, i cleaned the mandoline off, put it back in the box, and shipped it right back
not the best choice.i had high hopes for this mandoline, but i unfortunately have had to return it and, for the first time, i feel a certain responsibility to write a review.  the blades of this mandoline are dull, dull, dull.  when it arrived, i first tried slicing an onion, which actually was somewhat successful, although the slices were torn and uneven.  the carrot i then tried was more shredded than sliced. forget tomatoes -- do not try tomatoes, period!  unless you want tomato juice and there are easier ways to get tomato juice. this mandoline will definitely slice potatoes and cucumbers although the slices tend to be uneven, but perhaps i wasn't applying even pressure.  however, i haven't had this problem with my v slicer which, i guess, for now, i'll continue to use. my advice would be, don't buy this one.
garbage.i bought this about two years ago and immediatly started using it. for a short period of time it worked just fine... and then everything started to stick to it. i finally through this in the garbage due to a coffee cake being stuck in there and not coming out, and no amount of cleaning would restore the pan. i will admit that i'm not a great cook, but i followed all the precautions for a non-stick pan and never overcooked anything. so, for me, this was a big letdown
ice cream mixer.did not find this ice cream mixer efficient.  it melted the ice cream and was too messy of a clean u
not worth the trouble.it takes a lot of ice cream just to "prime" this thing and in the end you end up with a big mess and not much else.  i wouldn't recommend it and certainly wouldn't buy another
save your money, buy a cuisinart!.i bought this as a gift two years ago after the reviews here, and consumer reports rated it a good buy.  it's good at first, but i've had hamsters that lived longer!  the shredding blade broke on the second use.  after about the 6th or 7th use, some kind of black material started flying out of the bottom, and then it died, with the mysterious burnt plastic smell everyone talks about.  i'm amazed there hasn't been a recall and i'm disappointed that bd would sell such a poor quality product.  just bought a new cuisinart at costco.  spent more, but it is outstanding
you get what you pay for.i bought this a year or so ago from target for pretty cheap, and remember thinking "i don't need one of those fancy expensive ones with all the different blades and options.... it's black  decker, i'm sure it'll be fine for just chopping up or pureing stuff."  i was wrong. i tried to chop up frozen berries and it just stopped working. most things i try to put in there cause it to stop working, actually. even when it does work, it's so loud i find myself wondering if it's going to come apart on the counter.  also, the plastic cracked in the dishwasher, and then a lot more using it to chop vegetables.  the only reason i'm on amazon.com right now is because i'm already shopping for a new (and better) one
processor frustration.for christmas we asked for a food processor and were given the black  decker fp1500 power pro ii. i was so happy for my wife as it would make her life so much easier. i read the instructions and we got ready to chop some veggies. my wife kept cutting everything small, i told her you don't need to cut everything so small. we placed small pieces in the processor and it continually stopped working. i was very frustrated by how little it took to stop the blades. this thing is going back and i will not be buying a black and decker. in the end it turned our excitement into major frustration
just read the reviews here ... awful, awful product..i owned the black  decker fp1500 for less than 12 hours before returning it after the motor went up in smoke. reading the reviews here now, i see i am not alone in discovering that this grossly underpowered processor cannot handle anything beyond the occassional vegetable pure...after bringing the power pro ii home from the store on aug 3, i put it to work making up some homemade pizzas. my homemade sauce went off without a hitch, so my first impression of the machine was mostly positive. i did have some reservations that the included attachment blades were really rather dull, and they didn't appear wide enough to cover the surface area above or below the mixing bowl, but with my sauce completed i ignored these defects and continued my prep work...during its second use, the unit stuggled trying to knead a small batch of dough -- the exact recipe included in the instruction book, no less. the unit worked in fits and starts before i gave up and finished the job by hand. the dough paddle included with the machine is poorly designed and does little to evenly blend even fine, dry ingredients, let alone a paste once water and oil are added. the paddle's mount is hollow to boot, making cleaning virtually impossible once six ounces of dough has worked its way up inside the attachment...the food processor completely died during its third use, grating mozzarella cheese. i had not even completed slicing a half-pound when the blade stopped spinning and the motor fell off from its high pitched whine to a deep rumbling, grinding noise. several pieces of the motor literally fell out of the bottom of the machine, so i knew it was, at that point, kaput...more than half the reviews here on amazon seem to echo my sentiments, so i guess you get what you pay for. if a $50 food processor sounds too good to be true, it probably is. i own a $10 hand mixer that is more powerful than this...pass on this and get a kitchenaid or a cuisinart. they may be a bit pricier, but they work. the money i thought i had saved buying the bdi was lost on gas in my two trips to the store to buy it and return it the same day
worthless junk.keep reading the instructions, follow them, then put this thing in the trash!!  drop the price over  over.  don't buy this at whatever price they advertise!!!  i'm overseas so sending it back ain't cheap so do yourselves a favor; buy another brand!!
do not buy!.although it's true, this is a great looking product, i am highly disappointed in the corningware set.  i have only used this set occasionally in the past year.  however, tonight after 10 minutes in a 375 degree oven, the medium oval dish cracked completely in half - not just cracked, but completely broken in two(dripping the contents all over the bottom of the stove!).   of course, their "warranty" is only good for one year!  give me a break!  if you are lucky enough to get a package with all the pieces intact (see the other reviews), the products still can't withstand a normal oven temperature.  do not buy this product!  if their products were that good, they would be able to offer a warranty that protects against defects for longer than 1 year!
not impressed.i had to call the company to have a lid replace because it didn't fit right.  they were good about sending me another out but then i ran into trouble with the bowl after using it, it cracked in four different places.
don't bother.i have owned this pos for around a year - well made but it has always had a burning motor smell - cuisinart said it just "needed to break in".  i think the break-in period has come and gone and it still smells every time i use it.  as a blender it is fine, but the processor just simply doesn't work.  just tried to grate some cheese and it once again failed me.  do not buy this!!!
poor quality --poor support.the duet served my wife and i well for more than a year. then, like many others are reporting, the spindle broke on the base unit. i contacted cuisinart, but they don't make a replacement. so we had a pitch a basically good unit but lack of this tiny replacement part...this is planned obsolence of the worst sort. shame on you cuisinart. you've convinced me to never again purchase anything you make...i should also add that while the unit was working, i found the food processor not very good...i've purchased a kitchenaid food processor which is much better and working well. we replaced the duet with a kitchenaid blender. i recommend people switch to kitchenaid. send cuisinart a message that their lack of support for poor quality construction is not acceptable
cheap but poor quality.i bought this item, thinking, like others, that the cuisineart name meant quality.  the blender broke about within about 6 months, but i kept on using the food processor.  light use, i might add.  just a few days ago, the food processor broke -- the plastic food bin snapped.  this has been one of the most disappointing purchases i've made.  plus, it is unbelievably loud.  i'm in the market for a more expensive, sturdy, reliable processor.  you get what you pay for
great, until the drive gear shatters.as other reviewers, we loved this blender until it broke. it was quiet, powerful, simple to use, and looked great. the food processor was the perfect size, and very useful...the only complaint in using it was the base unit on the blender jar was hard to get off at times. also, the plastice silver coating was wearing off...after 1.5 years of moderate use (mainly smoothies), the plastic gear connecting the motor to the blender shattered. luckily we bought ours at a retailer that we could return it to...if cuisinart ever fixes this defect issue, we would definitely buy it again. until then an expensive osterizer is working well for us
worst blender i've ever used.this is my first time i've ever taken the time to write a review - but i can't say enough bad things about this blender...it is loud! 4 doors closed, and it still manages to wake the baby up as the sound permeates every inch of the house and to my inner soul...it smells! after every blend you get the smell of burnt rubber but it's just the heavy duty motor...it spills! every time i try to pour a smoothy i manage to get a large part of it to spill down the edge. never had this problem with the el cheapo blenders...difficult to attach! if you don't get the food processor blade to seat just right, when you try to put it onto the motor things just latch up. i end up having to pull out all of the food - wiggle the shaft loose, and then start over again...only good thing i can say about this thing is that it looks nice on the counter top. just don't try to use it. i often resort back to the braun food processor i bought for $20
it can not be said enough!.regardless of any of this product's attributes, it is absurdly, hideously and dangerously loud!  what's the deal with that?
not as good as touted.i agree with many of the reviewers in that these warp, bend  curl too easiy. and i didn't even stick them in the dishwasher.  they look and behave like an ordinary plastic sheet.  i don't like that they slide all over the place when in use.  and i also don't like that they don't bend easily to 'funnel'/transfer your chopped up bits into a pot/plate/etc.  one star for the relatively reasonable price and another for easy storage.
curls too easily.though these claim to be dishwasher safe, i can say that they are not.  after one trip to the dishwasher these have curled so badly that they have become useless.  to use these right now i have to put weights in all four corners of the board, and if i try to pick them up, they snap to curl shape so fast whatever rememnants are on the board fly into the air.  avoid these
flexible, sort of.i thought these would be much more flexible than they are.  we do use them regularly, but they are not nearly so pliable as just picking up and easily curling them to create a funnel for your food.  they have a tendancy to snap back, and i wouldn't dare store them rubber-banded up as they would never go flat again.  indeed, our biggest complaint with these is that they just require too much effort to bend one way or another - be it rolled up for moving items to the pan or flat on the counter for chopping.  .and don't even think about putting them in the dishwasher, even on the gentle cycle, regardless of what the description says!  they get even more brittle in the dishwasher and lose what little flexibility they have..at the end of the day, i wouldn't buy them again.
doesn't cool quickly and doesn't sit steadily in the trunk.i bought this cooler specifically to cool beverages while driving. not only did it keep sliding around and falling over, it also proved impractical since it doesn't cool beverages quickly enough to make it worthwile for use while driving. a traditional cooler box with ice-packs has since replaced it
for the price,not worth it!.i bought this coffeemaker 6 weeks ago and the burner plate is pealing.i also discovered after i had water and coffee grounds all over,that you have to place the carafe with the handle to the side slightly or it will not drip properly.hopefully, i can get my money back,and try another bran
a nice idea,....but poorly executed.despite all the high tone reviews about its "modern design" "borosilicate" glass (woop dee doo!) bodum's european design awards and long history, i came away unimpressed with this "tea pot"..using fine quality whole leaf tea does  result in some of the leaf matter getting stuck in the small drain slits at the bottom of the infuser.  the other flaw was the loose "rattly" lid that is just poorly fitting.  you will know immediately that this product is not up to snuff the second you pick it up and notice how thin and flimsy the glass is.  it's a cheap piece of glass just waiting for an accident to happen on a slippery/wet kitchen counter, or from one good swoosh of kitty's tail to send it smashing all over the floor. .as one reviewer said of another of this company's teapots, "i expected more from bodum"
defective product.the infuser came broken, inside a perfectly fine cup with lid (no shipping to blame). please stay away of this item, unless you can purchase it in a store and can check it beforehand..as a comparison, i just bought a glass tea pot from jenaer glass, and it came perfectly fine, infuser included
order canceled.product not received - order canceled...maybe vendor should update stock availability more often...rating for transaction should have an alternative for
totally and completely worthless.the spout on this is open at the top. needless to say that the ensuing splatters of juice all over your kitchen rivals those of gallagher and his big mallet. ..customer service at omega is non-responsive. they say that they will have a new improved bowl sometime, but that was over a year ago. ..mine now resides in my kitchen closet as a permanent reminder...***  update!!!..after reading my review, a representative from omega contacted me and reviewed my situation.  i was immediately sent out an update package that included a new bowl, new top, plunger(larger opening!) and clamps to "update" my 4000 juicer.  the spout is now very similar to the other models omega produces.  the clamps are necessary because of the physical shape of the new top.  this is now an exceptional appliance and i am relieved to know that customer service is alive and well at omega juicers.  ..i am also glad to know that manufacturers do read the reviews of their products and respond accordingly.
absolutely useless!.we had an earlier littermaid model, which was much bigger, that finally started to have trouble keeping up.  we had to do a complete emptying cleaning maybe five times in the six years we had it, but it generally did a good job and required cleaning once a week.  we decided to get a newer model with new features, believing it would make things a little easier...boy were we wrong!..this new model does not rake down to the bottom of the tray, and does not get the clumps into the box.  it eventually gums up to the point it stops moving altogether.  we've had the thing three weeks, and we've had to do a complete emptying, scraping, and reload three times.  no wonder they send a scoop with it (which they didn't with theee earlier model) - you need it to clean it out daily, or you're sunk...this heap of junk is going back
choker.this thing choked my puppy. horrible. ..it says up to 14 pounds.... ??? my puppy is 10 pounds and he hated it. ..sorry, find something else. ..i returned it reallllyyy quick!
toastmaster tbr15  not worth the $..junk!.i guess you get what you pay for. this is a terrible machine. perhaps if you've never experienced a good bread machine, or if you only want to use it while watching it this machine could work? my breadman died and i needed a machine in a hurry. the reviews were great for this machine so i thought ok, i'll try it. i'm giving it away on our local freecycle because i don't have time to assist this machine in mixing ingredients. the ingredients sit in the corner and will never mix if  you don't assist in the mixing process. this machine is more of a toy than a machine for anyone that seriously likes to make homemade bread. i'm looking forward to getting another breadman machine asap! i can't even give this product one star i was so disappointed in it. you are forced to give at least one star but i don't think it deserves even one. buyer beware! i doubt you can pay so little and expect much.
not what i was hoping for.i have had this breadmaker for about a year and have yet to get a good loaf from it.  they either don't raise, or are dried out.  the dough cycle works fine, however.  this machine also needs a lot of attention.  you just can't start it and leave the area.  the beeps are not very loud and when you do hear them, you have to be there to scrape the pan and tend to the dough.  my previous bread maker was a panasonic and i have, upon occasion, gotten it out to make bread instead of using this new one.  the old one still works fine, even though it is at least 10 years old.  (the only reason i bought a new one was because i didn't like the shape of the loaf from the old one.) i should have bought another panasonic!
problem with fast cycle and whole wheat bread.i make primarily whole wheat bread and the toastmaster has separate cycles for fast and whole wheat.  apparently the full cycle is the only option for whole wheat at 3 hours and 40 minutes.  the breadmaker that i am currently using allows for the use of the fast cycle with whole wheat (2 hours) which is much more convenient
poor product worse customer service.i received the 5 qt bowl lift stand mixer for a christmas gift...it's performance was pathetic from day one but we managed to limp along for six months before it quit altogether. it's elliptical orbit was supposed to make better contact with the food it was mixing, but instead it made contact with the bowl, scratching it and completely throwing the bowl off it's pins. you could not begin to hold the bowl on to the machine even with both hands! it would heat up, give off the 'hot electrical' smell and quit...when we called kitchen aide, their *first* response was that it was 'operator error.' sorry folks, but after being a professional cook, i am smart enough to snap a bowl in place over two pins and a button spring-snap at the back. it was insulting on top of having to cope with a mixer that did not live up to even the least of my expectations...we called them and they sent a replacement. it worked two weeks, got hot and quit in the middle of mixing 5 cups of bread flour. and the same little snippy customer dis-service agent *argued* that a 5-quart mixer should not have to handle that load. for thirty minutes she tried to force us to believe that it was user error.. .she then had the audacity to suggest we make *half a pizza*, wait half an hour and make the other half of the pizza. what planet does she live on? a $300 machine can't make a single crust pizza? does that mean i make a half of a loaf of bread  at a time, too? that machine should make half a dozen loaves of bread every day of the week for years for that kind of money...we asked to speak to a supervisor and read the instructions right off of page eleven to her. the book said no more than '12 cups' of flour. so five cups of bread flour is too much when the instruction booklet says 12? hummph! and hogwash! and they suggested that the machine should not run for more than six minutes at a time. . .six minutes? six minutes?..what if i had been making a really stiff dough like pasta? oh, yeah, that's right. . .it wouldn't make semolina pasta dough at all when i tried it. . .that's right 2 1/2 cups of semolina would not mix and knead on a $300 machine enough to run through the pasta extruding attachment we purchased separately. ..how about trying to grind sausage in six minutes? that isn't going to happen in this life time either. save your money and skip the attachments even if you break down and buy the mixer...the oster kitchen center we had mixed 8 cups of flour for 3 loaves of bread at a time at least 3 days a week for nearly 20 years with no complaints from it or me (plus using the blender, ice cream, food processor, shredder and grinder attachments) until i finally wore it out. . .not the motor, mind you. . .the connector that held the attachments to the motor was so worn down that it was unusable, but the motor fired up just fine. and, yes, it routinely made double batches of semolina pasta dough that i ran through my hand cranked atlas pasta machine...yeah, they are sending us a new machine, but we don't think we should have had to go through this plus they do not guarantee that it will be any better than the two we have had already.  . .and we certainly should not have to had to argue for half an hour that a five quart machine can't handle five cups of king arthur bread flour
received wrong one three times.i ordered the pro 5 plus three times and recieved the wrong one 3 times.  they kept sending the "commercial 5 mixer."  in the meantime i have accumulated 2 shoping bags full of baking goods.  i have ordered many  "cookie" art books, along with many supplies as well as the set of 3 pasta maker attachment for this mixer.  this has been going on since the beginning of december.  but no mixer!..calls end up in whatever country.  all they do is placate you with polite rhetoric and pat answers.  which is their job.  but this does not address the major problem.  the problem is never kicked up to a higher level, researched, investigated and thus ending in a resolution...now i see this model or its equivalent, in costo.  very cheap but with the steel attachments (whip, dough hook etc) like the commerical one.  it looks like a combination of the pro 5 plus and the commercial one.  and the model no. is not listed in kitchenade's website.  there seems to be something amiss with this pro 5 plus model. ..this has been a frustrating experience.  i now plan to order the pro 6 instead, which cook's illustrated listed as number one.  and it won't be from amazon.  receiving the wrong one three times is a bit much.  dissapointed in the service.
not dishwasher safe.although stamped "dishwasher safe" right on the lids, it's not necessarily so. ..no, i didn't load the containers in the bottom rack where it's hotter. no, i didn't use the heated dry cycle; i always use fan only. yes, i checked to make sure the silicone seals were fully in place. but now i can't get the lid to go on the container. no warping is obvious when you just look at either piece, but they no longer fit together, and you can't lock the flaps...naturally, i bought mine in a bm store and didn't keep the receipts. i mean, what could go wrong with a plastic container, and a higher-end one at that? i've put tupperware, rubbermaid, gladware and ziploc containers through many dishwasher cycles and have never had this trouble...i will never, ever, buy one of these overpriced, gimmicky containers again. ..the only good thing i can say is, i like the idea of square and rectangular containers as they save space in the fridge
stylish travel mug, functionality is bad.brought two of them. like the design very much, however it does not work well at all. it is hard to drink your coffe/tea with the cap on. anyway bodum design is nice but this is the worst product i ever brought from them
do not buy this mug!.this is the worst coffee mug i have ever used.  the lid does not fit properly and the coffee leaks all over you.  the handle was so poorly conceived and cheaply attached that it came off the very first day i used it.  stay away from this one
nice design, flawed execution..i anxiously awaited this mug, which was backordered for about 2 months after i ordered it. it fits in my car's cupholder, which was my primary reason for ordering it, and it is stainless steel, which resists stains and odors much better than my plastic coffee mugs. however, the handle attachment is weak, and looks like it would be impossible to repair (though i did not test this). worse, however, was the top, which leaked coffee all over me every time i drank from it. it didn't matter how tight it was. this was surprising because they designed it with an o-ring in the lid that should have prevented any leakage.  ..i've returned it and am looking for a replacement
disappointing.false advertising. it is only 15'-16' *fully* stretched and is only a "20' reach with wands and crevice tool" according to the tiny print on the bottom box. this is not an extension but fits as a replacement, so you are only getting 9'-10' more reach than the original 6' hose. that is still helpful, altho the quality of the tubing is 1/2 that of the original hose and will not sustain pulling or pinching with the same durability
just a regular mattress pad.my husband sweats a lot at night and i thought this would stop the problem.  it didn't at all.  it doesn't seems like it does anything for me either.  it just feels like a normal mattress pad.  not exactly worth the price for a normal mattress pad
this product didn't live up to expectations.i purchased this pad after reading a review here with the hope that this was the answer to my sleeping problems associated with premenopause. it didn't seem to keep me cooler when i got hot, and it didn't warm me when i was cold. i'm sending it back
beware.both pieces are extremely small.  you should not expect to have a practical purpose for them.  they look great but are not useful.
burns almost everything!!.i bought these needing good baking sheets for everyday use. i have found that they heat up too quickly and unevenly, so that when making things like cookies the tops are still uncooked and the bottoms are burnt. or one half of the cookies will be burnt and the other half will still be ok. they are way too unpredicable. they are non-stick, however
an extremely versatile machine!.this coffee-maker does so much! it makes weak, watery coffee! it grinds beans if you want it to! it inexplicably floods the entire counter with half-brewed coffee when you aren't looking! perhaps it could be used to irrigate crops... it is time-consuming to clean, but in fairness i should also point out that the stainless-steel thermal carafe is a durable item that has withstood being hurled onto the floor in rage several times.  and if all these features weren't enough, it's pretty expensive too. if faced with the choice between having a car door repeatedly slamming into my genitalia and buying this coffee-maker, i'd unhesitatingly choose the cuisinart!  the coffee would be lousy, but at least i could still have children..
a disappointment.we have had this coffeemaker for over a year and have been truly disappointed.  we have finally decided to replace it with a different one.  here are our main complaints:..- the grind feature is so loud - wakes up everyone on the house each time it's on.- it's a total pain to clean - the little coffee grounds get everywhere in the machine, requiring you to clean just about after every use.- the hardware is flimsy.  already the swing out filter holder/cup area sticks and you have to shove it in - it no longer pops out when you press the button on the side..- the coffee is weak!  i might forgive the first couple complaints if at least the coffee was good, but we've found that it's way too weak for our taste..i would not recommend or buy this model again.  sorry, but it gets a one bean rating from me.
i wouldnt buy this again.received this for a wedding present. 1 year later it began leaking water all over the counter when you filled it up. triedto contact cuisinart- they would never reply. so we had to stop setting it up at nite, or else we would have all of that water on teh counter/floor. for a while we just put in more water than needed for the pot and hoped it wentfast. finallygave up and bought a $30 machine which is still working great 1.5 years later.. i googled this problem and lots ofother people have had it and had no luck getting cuisinart to do anything.
worthless!!.worst coffee maker i have ever owned.  can't measure water in pot.  have to press buttons for every pot up to 4 cups and another button if don't want to use grind and brew.  but worst part is that i have had trouble with it since the get go.  it is supposed to be factory reconditioned but after 3 months has a mind of its' own.  i got mine from smart bargains who told me i had no recourse other than to contact cuisinart.  guess i learned not to buy reconditioned or from smart bargains
the is the same tray that comes with the grinder..don't buy this thinking you're getting a bigger tray. it's the same little tray that comes with the meat grinder. only buy this if you somehow broke or lost the one that came with it
never worked well, then fell to pieces.i was very disappointed with this product.  despite following the directions precisely, the iron never steamed at all.  it did work for dry ironing.  then a few months later i was packing it for another trip, and found that as i attempted to slip the soleplate cover on just to see if perhaps now the steam part would work, it broke into 3 pieces.  i would certainly not purchase this product again
yep--another "mine is broken" story.i had the exact same experience as "a customer from sunnyvale" with our "steam 'n press. ..my wife bought this to steam her wedding dress on her wedding day.  it (apparently) worked that one time.  however, it didn't get used until a few months later, and i couldn't get anything to happen with the steam.  my wife and i fiddled with it for a good long time, and ultimately decided that something is broken with the mechanism that discharges the steam.  the "iron" portion of this still gets hot--but as "sunnyvale" said, without the steam this thing is useless...one use and done--that's unacceptable.  i contacted rowenta (a long distance call, btw) and since the item is less than a year old if i send it to them (at my expense, probably $10 or so) they say they'll fix it and send it back to me.  i'll probably do this, but from other complaints of this unit breaking it seems like the quality control isn't there.  save yourself trouble and go with something else
flat out didn't work!.first of all, i *did* think highly of rowenta and to be very honest... i still think they make great steam irons, probably some of the best on the market. however, this particular product has left a bad taste in my mouth that comes very close to ruining my total faith in rowenta. like most people, i would sacrifice paying a little more knowing that in return i would get a sound product. that was my initial feeling considering that the conair handheld steamers are almost half to a third less than these. however, the "steam n' press" falls far short of any reasonable expectations. not only did it fail me... it failed twice in a row. at this moment i'm preparing for a few business trips and need a steamer for my iron sensitive clothing. i should've heeded the warnings here on amazon and looked past this steamer since the other model (da-75) got such bad reviews. but, since it did have the dual voltage feature and 2 large local retailers sold the device i went ahead and purchased it (from the store that rhymes with drys). when i got home i was eager to test it out since my first trip is at the end of this week. put water into the steamer, waited a minute, waited two minutes, waited a couple more minutes... nothing, not even a drop. pressed the button a few times and it began to spit rather than steam, in fact no steam came out of it. i thought, "oh great, it doesn't work!" it did get quite hot and as an iron it would probably be okay but this is not why i bought it! so... i return it that same day to exchange for another thinking... "what are the chances that two won't work?" and, guess what?... i think those chances are pretty good since the same thing happened. anyway, to cut a long story short, returned the steamer and didn't feel up to test the 3rd time's a charm theory. who knows, maybe it was a bad batch, but it's hard to believe that any of the previous "made in germany" irons would fail this much. btw, the iron did have a sticker that stated that it might still contain water from the "factory test". obviously, i had quite a laugh at the "iron"y
do not buy the ionic pro! it is unhealthy  stinky!.before i start, let me write a disclaimer that this might apply to all brands of this type, maybe not just the ionic pro. (i haven't tried the others.)..i was so excited about this item that i ordered two -- one for our bedroom and one for the room containing the cats' litter box. i only opened one, to try it out first before opening the other. the smell of the litter box was the reason for ordering. ..i can tell you honestly that it did get rid of the litter box smell, but it may only have been because it masks the litter box smell with the ozone smell! when you read the booklet that comes with it, it tells you that "you may notice a new clean scent...ozone is the scent you are smelling", and goes on to warn people with asthma, heart disease, lung disease, breathing problems, etc. that they should talk to their doctor before using it. i do not have any of those problems, but the smell was overwhelming. it smells like a combination of bleach and sulfur. and your nasal passages feel very similar to how they feel after being exposed to bleach fumes -- kind of a raw, stinging feeling. the instructions tell you that if the smell is too strong, turn it down to medium or low. i was operating it on low. even after turning it off and opening all the doors and windows to air out the house, i could still smell it (presumably because it was still in my sinuses). i could even smell it on my skin (after washing)...i'm really disappointed to have to return my ionic pro, but there is no way that inhaling this ozone can be good for you. after using it, i did the research that i should have done prior to buying it. you can find many reports all over the internet about these devices, and the health risks involved. as much as i hate the litter box smell, i would rather smell that than burn away my sinuses.
poor c,s..i have had 2 machines, nierther one has lasted very long, when i called thier custormer service it was a joke,once they found out that i needed to return the item (full size) they hung up and woul dn't answer the phone when i called back
don't waste your money.this ionic pro  air purifier does not do as it says..theres no difference in the air.  it is a total waste.of money and amazon says free shipping when it cost.almost $13.00 to ship it
relay failed.the flexible programming of this unit initially worked well  timing my 13-amp espresso machine. but after about 3 months the internal relay became intermittent, so the timer would come on, but power to the expresso machine would drop out after a short time. tapping the timer would turn it back on, suggesting the relay as the culprit. now i'm looking for something more reliable
stopped working after one month.after one month of use, the appliances plugged into this timer did not work anymore. i can get the red led to turn on and off when it's plugged into the wall, but there is no voltage coming out. (i measured it with a voltmeter.) target doesn't seem to be selling it anymore, so i'm just going to get a refund
don't waste your money.i agree with the reviewer below .... i bought one of these salton/timex digital timers, and it died after a few days of usage. i returned it (to target) and bought another, and this one didn't work at all. ..do yourself a favor and go to sears hardware ... they sell an intermatic digital timer that is much better quality, for the same price
only a few cookie disks (the small ones) work....i just received this cookie press last week and tried it during the weekend. the first batch was a disaster. none of dough stuck to the cookie sheet. turned out my daughter and i had to roll the dough and use cookie cutters to make the cookies. for the second batch, i decided to use the butter snow flakes recipe mentioned in the previous review. the result was a little bit different. still the cookie shapes were terrible. i was using the flower disc, around one or two (or none) petals of the flower would stick to the cookie sheet. ..finally i decided to change the disc to squiggle. it actually worked much better. i also tried butterflies, the result was good too. both of them are small shapes. the lesson learned here is that the bigger shapes (most of the discs) don't work...i wouldn't recommend this product.
dishes.i was asked by amazon to rate this product..i really wish i could but since amazon didnt use any packaging material in either box of plates i ordered, i recieved 2 nice and new boxes of shards..on top of that, when i returned them to amazon that very same day, i was hit with some sort of charge for something or other. also, when i wrote to complain about the bill, it seems that they "messed up" and i got some minor additional funds back.  it was the worste experience i have ever had with amazon and i have been a good customer for several years..so i cant really rate the plates but they looked nice in the pictures
buy the brittany!!.i have loved every le creuset product i have purchased with the big exception of the whistling teakettle!  i did away with it a couple of months ago and bought the brittany model to replace it.  the whistling kettle burned my hand on several occasions, as the design of the spout allowed the hot water to spit and jump right out of the pot!  the whistle is removable and you must put your hand near the spout to remove it for pouring.  even after waiting a minute after taking the water off the heat, the water would still jump from the spout.  while a little larger than i would have liked, the brittany does not have the same problem and the whistle can be safely flipped up before pouring.  i have been very pleased with my new kettle and would recommend the brittany by far over the whistling
drippy tea kettle.i paid too much money for this tea kettle to drip from under the spout and spit water all over the stove before it even whistles.  this is a disappointment!  save your money and search for a better kettle.  this one isn't a good buy or a good produc
rusted out.although a pretty kettle, and with a wide enough base to support a full flame on commercial range such as viking or wolf, the inside became pitted and rusted within months. when i inquired from lecreuset, they explained that it was not an isolated incident, but rather that they had been having problems with the vendor that produced this particular item. unless you are looking for a disposable teapot you will have to replace within 6 months, stay away from this on
beautiful but lid chipped when i dropped it.just want to warn everyone that it chips pretty easily.  i took it off the shelf and the lid (which was not securely in place) fell to the floor.  about a 1.5-inch chip resulted on the edge.  it won't affect the function of the kettle but i was disappointed to see the beautiful enamel chip off so easily.  handle yours with care
attractive, but useless.i adore le creuset, but this tea kettle was a monumental disappointment. as other reviewers have noted, it rusted within months of purchasing it. (however, i admittedly had no problems with burns from the handle or removing the whistle to pour.) i can't imagine what a person would need to do in order to prevent the rusting, aside from never actually using the kettle. i was seriously let down by this purchase, since it looked so beautiful but ended up being so useless
though beautiful, alas, mine rusted too....one shouldn't have to empty water out after every use.  one shouldn't be punished with a rusty teapot for leaving water in the pot once or twice.  that is not a functional teapot, if that may be the case.  though it is the prettiest teapot around, it is not very practical if you want to keep it around for a while.  le creuset products are generally supposed to last a lifetime, but the enamelware can't even touch the quality of the cast-iron cookware.  fortunately, the company stands by its products and i am sending mine back for a replacement.  see www.lecreuset.com for details..
wish this mentioned it was melamine....cute pfaltzgraff style like the dishes, but this is not tile or ceramic, it is cheesy melamine. plastic and not matching the usual calibre of the brand
take your pick - cooked or raw!.i've been making great waffles on an inexpensive little betty crocker model for ten years..i did hours of 'homework' before ordering this cuisinart 4-slice waffle maker  used it as soon as it arrived to cook up an entire box of waffle mix. sure enough, the waffler cooked the rear two waffles exactly as programmed. however, in every batch, the front edges of the forward two waffles turned out white, mushy,  difficult to remove! it was also impossible to comletely fill out the waffles without the mix running out over the front into the unprotected electronic controls. i called cuisinart to make sure i'd used the appliance correctly  their customer service representative could only conclude that the waffle iron was faulty. for this kind of price tag, that's outrageous! it was shipped back within 24 hours. we're reverting to an inexpensive model, which we'll just toss  replace every few years
don't waste your money on this crap.i got this "mandoline" recently and so far i have used it to slice vegie. i can't say it doesn't do the job, but then again i could probably have done it faster and better using a kitchen knife. the blade started having some rust right after the first use, although i wiped it clean after washing it. the finger protector is a joke; it does not hold the food in place and snaps off very easily. after using it a few times i decided i would rather do the job with a kitchen knife than risk injuring myself. don't waste your money on this. instead, invest it in a more professional mandoline
slicer is terrible!.this slicer is not even worth the $10 i paid for it.  it ended up costing me $50 in a co-pay to the emergency room to get stiches when the guard fell off the vegetable i was trying to slice...but it put a nice slice in my finger!!!  don't buy this item it is very dangerous!
plastic inserts come out while slicing.i bought one of these, and i am returning it.  it doesn't work very well at all, and the triangular plastic pieces used to set the width fall out while slicing.  .i bought a benriner brand plastic slicer instead - it is the same idea as this, with a slightly higher price, and it works much much better.  there is an extra-wide version that i paid the extra money for.  remember - always use the guard.  don't slice your fingers
great set with a big flaw.this is sturdy, strong, quality flatware with a serious flaw:  rust keeps breaking through the knives on the serrated edge! i even diligently followed the directions with the set not to soak the knives and to avoid letting certain foods set on them before washing (which i have never had to do with flatware). but i'm still getting rusty spots on the cutting edge. what a shame
don't buy this.i got my canister as part of my original purchase of a food saver.    with in a matter of weeks it was cracking.  it became useless because of the cracks.  when i emailed them to complain i was told i had to call it in to their service desk.   i explained that due to a recent injury i can't talk.   that i needed to use email, tty or instant messing.   i was told that i should get a neighbor, friend or family member to call.   i'm checking the laws to see if that is a violation of the law.   i believe it is a violation of the handy access law.  but it doesn't matter it's just wrong.  i will never buy another and you shouldn't.
8quot; goodgrip mv55-pro.we liked this knife very much until the handle broke off while cutting pizza.  used for about 3 mos amp; never put in the dish washer or left submerged in water.  i found the the knife required little shapening as the blade was hard amp; that portion in the handle was also hardened unfortunately and broke due to a brittle fracture.  how do i get a warranty replacement
not a chefs knife.this knife is a nice little multi-purpose knife. like others have said it loses its edge fast, but is soft steel that sharpens quickly. this knife, however, is not useful for chopping or mincing. the bolster is too small and after chopping a few items you'll find that you have bloody knuckles, not very appetizing while preparing food. i bought this knife for camping but i don't find it as useful as a proper chefs knife
cuisinart failure.i purchased this item with great expectations.  it was defective, or maybe toast is supposed to brown on an intermittant basis.  also, it is too small.  they say you can put up to 6 slices of toast in the oven, but it is impossible.  frozen pizza would also not fit.  all in all, this product is not worth the expense
poor toasting.despite the reviews i read about this product and being a proud owner of an older cuisinart convection oven, i order this product with high expections.  to our dismay, the first oven we received did not produce equally browed toast - the top side always seemed to be darker than the botton regardless of how the tray was situated.  we decided to return the oven and the replacement produced the same results - unequal browning when toasting.  my conversations with cuisinart were not helpful and the representative i spoke with instructed me to return the oven again for a replacement, however amazon has since informed me that they will not allow another replacement since there may be a wider spread issue.  so, it looks like i will be returning this oven for a refund and looking for a replacement from another manufacturer.  while others mention issues with toasting, i wish my experience was as positive as the other reviews i read and with my previous cuisinart toaster oven.
suck.i brought three sets of these sheets and i must agree with everyone else that after i washed them they were no good. i now use them to clean my car and mirrors. there were only good reviews when i ordered. i will never order sheets from here again. what a waste of money
cheap garbage!.do not buy these! they are cheaply made and ill-fitting. i don't know what kind of bed they would fit. i bought the the twin size, and the fitten sheet is not even close -- too wide on the narrow end, and too short on the long side! the flat sheet and pillow case won't even fold squarely. what a waste of money! shame on you, amazon. listen to your customers' feedback ... like i should have done
the worst experience i have with amazon.it shrank so bad.i just use for one day, kids mess it up so i have to wash it next day (with cold water), then that's it,can't use it anymore. it shrank so bad!!! i think we all need refund for this.please don't sell this produce anymore
waste on money.i agree these sheets are horrible.. i should have know better..  i have the same issues as every one else does..  i dont know what will happen after the second wash.. they will proably fit the crib.. ..dont waste your money
jersey knit sheet set.these sheets are horrible, the weight is extremely light.  they were supposed to be queen size, but did not fit my bed.  additionally, when i tried to put them on my bed, i poked a hole through the fitted sheet with my finger.  they'll be used for dusting perhaps
great looking froth.  looks aren't everything..i was looking for a  better way to froth milk than the steam wand on my espresso maker.  the froth au lait machine does make fantastic looking foam, but the taste and texture is very different and not at all good.  the froth lacks the richness that i have been able to make using steam
gift givers beware.i should preface this review by saying that i have not used this item and, therefore, cannot comment on the quality of the product.  i am simply writing a review to alert others as to my experience in receiving this item as a gift...i'm sure that my gift giver was not aware that the policies of the fulfillment company, target, were not the same as those of amazon.com.  it is difficult to imagine why any large company's return policy on an item that one has a receipt for and returns in a timely manner is as follows: ..it is target's policy that gifts purchased on amazon.com cannot be returned by the recipient either by mail or to the store for a refund.  that is, target will only issue store credit to the gift recipient...since i do not shop at target, the over $100 paid for this item is essentially wasted...
calphalon.i thought i was buying the best but the non stick surface doesnt wor
yikes!.i read the reviews before buying this coffeemaker and disregarded the ones about it overflowing as fluks or that the users didn't follow the instructions. that was a mistake. i read the instructions. it overflowed everytime i used it. i returned it. save yourself the trouble and pass on this machine
bought it and was not satisfied..first one lasted 3 days then quit working. [...]that one never worked right out of the box. koolatron didn't respond to my emails about the second unit. i wouldn't recommend this product, nor any other product from this company
garbage.it was not like i was thinking, i tried to make yougart, the way the book told me to do. but after 12 hours of trying, it came out the first time time put it in the maker
too small, useless.so small, it holds just a quart of milk(4 cups). the milk has to be boiled (it doesn't do it). it just keeps the milk warm. you can make yogurt yourself without it. you can use container with lid to keep the milk warm. you don't need to pay money to keep the milk warm
juices great....cleans awful..this was a great high speed juicer. but, its a bear to clean. i see that someone said with the right brush you could clean out the stainless steel film in a minute...i apparently never found the right brush. after i used this for about 3 months i gave it away due to how hard it is to clean. do yourself a favour and get a breven or a champion.
what a waste....whip this into the garbage.i received this as a gift.  it is terrible.  i stopped sing it after 20 seconds and went back to my regular wisks.  to top it off... is doesn't fit well in drawers... i moved it to my good will box after a week
pretty in the box.what a disappoinment!  the stainless steel dents  is impossible to keep clean.  the gasket on the lid is flimsy  bent up on the first use. the handle holds water between itself  the glass lid. and it doesn't work any better than any other slow-cooker.  at least the oval design is superior to round
works great while it works.this product does an excellent job of chopping everything from nuts to cheese.  but, after only a year and a half of light use, it quit working. the blades still spin, but it no longer is capable of chopping anything. so, unless you are fascinated by spinning blades, it is useless.  not a good life cycle for an appliance
push button on this machine is not reliable.i was very excited to have this little chopper in my kitchen and it worked great for about 3 months until the button which starts the chopper stopped working.  kitchenaid replaced the chopper for me with no trouble at all but, 8 months later, the button on my replacement chopper has also stopped working.  i have only used the chopper a handful of times and when it works, it's great!  unfortunately, it doesn't always work.  i am going to try to return this one and buy another brand
shark cordless vac.i ordered this item, it says tahat comes with 3 small tools to help you clean the smaller areas. i did not get 2 of the tools in the package. i ordered another one, again it was the same thing!!! so i had to return this item.. and i would not recommend this item since the packaging not complete, i doubt how it would be its performance over all
don't bother purchasing this steamer.i found using this steamer on a garment actually took longer than it would have ironing it. also, water would drip from the wand when the steam was coming out. the water droplets would leave water stains on my garments. i returned this item.
not for professional or anyone who has actually ironed for years.ok - i saw all the great reviews for this product and against my gut feeling that this was too good to be true - i brought it.  well, it does remove wrinkles - however, not in the manner that i'm used to with an iron.  i've been ironing for years for work and the steaming quality is just not up to par with an iron.  yes, it will remove the huge wrinkles, like if you leave your shirt in the dryer or if you left it in a ball, but it does not do the next step that an iron does - of making your shirt look crisp and sharp.  this is what no steam can do and what i should have realized.  no, i'm not looking for a pressed shirt from a steamer, but the faint wrinkles and unevenness left in the shirt are not acceptable for any professional...also, i realize that using this tool takes some time to get used to (i'm fine with that) - when i learned to iron from my mother, it look a while and then years of experience - so i'll give you that.  however, even with time and technique, though it might be faster and easier, the quality would not improve.  i tried leaving the steam head on a shirt for a while, but it still does not make a huge difference.  i also got burned more than a couple of times from the steam, the steam tube, the metal on the water tank, etc. - this is definitely more hazardous than an iron...all in all, unlike all the other reviews, this will not replace ironing or your dry cleaning bills.  i honestly do believe that the people who are satisfied with this "ironing / steaming" job have a low standard for what an ironed piece of clothing looks like - probably for them removing huge/noticeable wrinkles is sufficient, while for me (and most others looking at this) it just won't cut it - save yourself time and money.  would have loved for this to work, but i'm back to ironing my shirts while watching football..
citrus juicer broken hinge.the kitchenaid citrus juicer was easy to use and did work well, however, after about 6 months, the hinge broke. either our citrus juicer had a flaw, or kitchenaid needs to add more reinforcement near the hinge where there is high stress. we are returning our citrus juicer to kitchenaid for a replacement, it did work well while it lasted.
unmitigated disaster.i bought this unit after a friend recommended it to clean pet stains, despite reading all the negative reviews.  the first time out i used it on a stain about 6 x 8", and i used bissell's pet stain shampoo. long story short: the stain got darker, and covered  the entire area that got wet, about 10 x 12". after thoroughly cleaning the entire unit, i refilled it with clean water, and tried spraying and vacuuming just that.  after three passes, the stain had grown to 14 x 18", plus there was a new, large stain adjacent to it where the fill tank from the machine had leaked copiously on the carpet while i was working. couldn't get that stain out either. now i have to have a professional come out and at least try to clean up both messes, and if that doesn't work, figure out what to do about a trashed new, very large area rug..many folks gave a very low, negative rating to this product. wish i'd listened to them instead of my friend
these break in less than one year!.i actually was stupid enough to buy this machine twice.  after the first one stopped sucking (only one year old) i wandered into sears, looked at all the models, and concluded this one was the easiest to use again.  then, that one broke after being used about six times.  now, i am going to try the hoover after reading the amazon reviews.  wish me luck :
negatives outweigh the positives.i bought the little green the day after we adopted a puppy. although it does a sufficient job suctioning accidents out of carpeting, i would not recommend it. ..positives:.--good at absorbing spills or other liquids from carpeting.--compact and easy to store ..negatives:.--dirty water pools in the bottom of the unit under the tank that collects the dirty water..--the unit then leaks the dirty water out the bottom while using it..--it is extremely difficult to clean..--the dirty water never seems to be fully emptied even after taking the entire unit and dumping it upside down..--it smells horrible! even emptying it immediately after every use has not prevented it from smelling awful while using the machine. i think this is because the dirty water is never fully emptied. hot, soapy water suctioned up after a clean up has not helped to remove the lingering smell
do not buy this.it broke after only using it 5 times.  move on...buy another brand
worse than you could imagine!.amazon is not responsible for the design flaws in things they sell.  i bought this unit as a 'factory referb' without warranty, so when it smoked and burned after the second use, i knew i might as well order another blender... so i got a nice oster unit with a food processor attachment for close to the same price as the referb. .then comes the good part:  since the cuisinart was without warranty, i opened up the bottom.  what a shock to my eyes!!!! i am an electrical engineer and have seen all sorts of quality problems, but this one takes the cake!  it is not only shoddy mechanically, it is unsafe!  spills could kill!  the motor is held in place with a paper tube... not cardboard, paper.  the motor is not anchored to anything... it free floats inside this paper tube and rests on a rubber grommet at the bottom.  upon seeing this (i was hoping to salvage the motor for another project) i picked up the entire thing and threw it in the trash.  a shame, because it truly does come with a nice jar...don't buy this.  it won't last long, no matter what goes wrong.  the good reviews for this item were from people who just got the blender and were thrilled with the first or second use, before it stripped the plastic drive gear, or rubbed the plastic stays away, or burned up or the motor fell loose and cut somebody to bits.  this is an item that needs to be removed from sale
broke quickly.previously owned [money] osterizer blender for 10 years which worked just as well as this cuisinart blender. shortly after the warranty expired but only after 15 uses, the clutch -- which is plastic -- broke.  without the clutch, the machine is inoperable.  when i called cuisinart to inquire into repairing this product, they told me i would have to mail the blender base (motor is heavy!) and then, only after receipt they would estimate the cost of fixing the machine.  when i asked for the average cost of repair, the answer was at least [money].  in other words, for the cost of buying a new osterizer, i could pay for another plastic clutch to be installed.  no thank you.  a friend of mine who owned a cuisinart blender had the same thing happen. she now owns a kitchenaid blender and is very happy with it
"not" like on tv.the so called non stick coating must be cheap black paint, first time you put a basket on the spit you will remove coating from spit.if you follow the recomended time charts you will be eating raw, not rare but raw foods! two 3.5lb chickens took way over two hours, chart says 1 hour 20 mins, "no way"!, unless you enjoy chicken cooked to 135f, personaly .i'll pass. have not tried the skewers, doubt if i will. just put it up in the closet and give it to someone i really don't like
throw it out and forget it..after about 15 uses over the duration of one year the machine quit working due to an electronic melt down. it was very difficult, if not impossible, to clean and squealed like a stuck pig. the chicken was very good but as it should have been when you consider that it cost over one hundred and fifty dollars plus to cook 15 chickens. before it burns down your house, do as it did and "throw it out and forget it
great while it lasted but only good for 6 month.the much promised customer support is just not available..i purchased this unit last september by march of 2006 the heating element was burned out. i was told the warranty had expired and they sent me a parts list. the heating element was not on the parts list, so not even a paid repair was offered.
it is broken after i used once.it is made of plastic and easy to broken
look nice, but not so functional..the tongs look very nice, but in general are not as good as others that i've used.  the tongs flex quite a bit and as a result, make it difficult to pick things up.  i prefer amco brand tongs, which are much sturdier and cheaper (if that is an issue)
beautiful but useless.i love the quality of these tongs..wonderfully built, but alas useless in the real world. engineers were asleep on this one..not near enough grip for any practical purposess...let me know if want mine i will sell them cheap
beautiful, but not so useful.these are really quite beautiful and well made tongs.  the finish and weight are first rate.  the problem is, at least on the set that i bought, that the spring rate is too high.  i found them fatiguing after a very short period of use, and it's not as though i lack hand strength...in contrast, i recently bought a set of the oxo tongs, and they are much, much more usable.  not quite as nicely finished, but they also lock and are sprung much better.  i think they were a bit less expensive as well
not worth the money.i got these as a package deal with an all-clad pan and i never use them. they're pretty, but not very grippy. if you try to pick up anything remotely heavy or greasy, it just slides right out, and the tongs are too heavy. i just use my $5 aluminum lightweight, generic tongs that i got at a restaurant supply store. they're way more useful for actual cooking/gripping
foodsaver warranty.beware foodsaver warranty.  defective new products are given the runaround, foodsaver will not replace or repair so far!!..i have been a foodsaver fan for years but my new foodsaver does not work out of the box
great -- for a few months.the cat loves this device while it's working. but, it needs to be replaced every few months. no matter how meticulous you are about careful cleaning and making sure it doesn't run dry, this fragile contraption is the poster child for planned obsolescence. it simply does not last for very long.
no proof of plan received.i ordered the 1-year replacement plan a few months ago and quickly received an email thanking me for ordering it.  i forget whether the email read that i would receive the plan by email or u.s. mail but i have yet to receive anything.
crap.the block is of very poor quality and is damaged and put together very poorly. i do not recomend buying this product. i expected much more from chicago cutlery.i am very disappointed. i thought the knives would cut like a knife through warm butter. well that is not happening
pretty, sharp, but don't wash em'.they were great, until i washed them.  now they have little brown spots all over them.  it looks like rust to me.  since you kind of need to wash your knives now and again, i would say to avoid these.  unless you're looking for a good, rusty knife, then they're the tops
poor quality.this knife set for a new product, is very diappointing. i'm returning mine. out of the box it looked cheap. i agree with other reviewer that the little plastic inserts on the block don't stay in. you have to peal if off the knife everytime you pull a knife out, to put it back on the block-cc needs to try some glue to hold them in. cc makes much nicer sets for less money-this would be a hassle to use to use and why pay more a poorer set
could use improvements!.i think the magnetic rod is a very good idea, but improvements could be made to this particular product.  .using stronger magnetics would be key.  if not, then drop the price by $10.00.  i do not think it is a value for the price.  ..i have a curtain that is less than two pounds and every time the door is opened or closed it slips on one side.  i don't want to have to adjust it every time i open or close the door. it was very difficult to remove the end so the curtain can be placed onto the rod.  now, that side doesn't want to stay together!  i would not order this product again
bad handles, high price.i shopped between the tri-ply and the simply calphalon stainless product lines... tried them out in a local store. i recommend the simply calphalon set which has a much more comfortable handle. the tri-ply is quite a bit heavier; the handles are very uncomfortable with the tri-ply especially with the additional weight, even when empty; it might have slightly better heat distribution than the simply line, however the simply line does have pretty good heat distribution; the tri-ply is quite a bit more expensive. ..go with simply calphalon stainless for better product for the price. (i've owned my simply set for almost 2 years now -- very satisfied.  i do not recommend getting the tri-ply.
what a waste.the iron spits water everywhere, even when it's on the higher settings.  it just leaks, leaks, and keeps on leaking.  so my workaround is to use the iron as a dry iron.  it doesn't take the wrinkles out of anything.  so i use a spray bottle to spray water on my clothes.  i have to press really hard to try to get the wrinkles out.  it's not worth it, and i got this iron as a free christmas gift from my company.  don't waste your time or money buying this iron.  you will regret it
failed after a few weeks use.total waste of money. this iron barely worked for a few weeks, spitting water here and there. after the third week or so, the iron simply stopped working. yes, there is a 1 year warranty, but it is not worth the hassle and $5.50 shipping expense, plus the length of time it takes to get a replacement iron
no burned foods--but no nice browning, either.i have used airbake sheets for between 5-10 years, primarily for baking cookies.  while it is true that they do not allow foods to burn, neither do the foods cooked on them ever seem to get that really nice crispy brown bottom you get with normal baking sheets.   i must be a slow learner, as it took me several years to figure out that these "no burn" baking sheets were the cause of the decline in the taste of my cookies, whether i was trying new recipes or tried-and-true.  when i mentioned my suspicions to my husband, he looked at the cookie in his hand and i could see the light bulb going on in his head too, "oh, so that's why her cooking isn't as tasty as it used to be!"  but what he said was, "i think you're right."  ..with the airbake sheets i find it difficult to tell when cookies, especially, are done, since they don't seem to brown well on top either for some reason.  for this reason, i often end up leaving them in longer than the recipe calls for and end up overbaking them.  they're still not burned, but rather brittle and flavorless.  but even when baked correctly, the difference in taste is apparent to me.  if you've ever accidentally left salt out of a cookie or cake recipe, the "flat" taste is similar to that...once i discovered the baking sheets were to blame, i bought regular old commercial sheets at my first opportunity and have never looked back.  for me, the convenience of no burned foods is not worth the sacrifice of taste required.  if you don't mind, say, microwaving your potatoes instead of baking them in the oven, then you will probably love this bakeware and consider the benefits of its forgiving nature well worth the subtle loss of taste and texture.  otherwise, imho, stay with the tried and true old fashioned sheets
fair coffee and cool too. not good!.one star rating.  a simple idea and a simple enough unit, but with plastic you sacrifice taste and it doesn't keep the brew hot long enough. frustration sets in quick when you get cool coffee each time. not good
not the sharpest knife in the drawer.i was only mildly impressed with the sharpness of the knives and found the sharpener clumsy to use
it is too small!!!.never buy this pan becuase it is too small even for a single person
they just don't make them like they used to . . ..waring blenders -- and kitchenaid mixers -- used to last a lifetime. but, in the same way that kitchenaid is not what it was before being sold to whirlpool, waring is not what it was since being sold to conair (yes, conair, the hairdryer people)...the rb75 is a great-looking blender. very retro. very flash gordon. and the motor seems to be as good as waring's ever were. unfortunately, the blade assembly design is bizarre, to say the least, and what is not metal soon disintegrates (six weeks for me, a couple of weeks for a previous reviewer). when this happens, the blade no longer turns even though the spindle whirs merrily along...i gave this blender one star to warn off those who haven't bought it. those who have bought it and have had it for less than 30 days ought to get a refund asap. they're living on borrowed time. but for those, like me, who've had it for more than 30 days and can't get a refund, there may be a way to "fix" the problem without spending megabucks on shipping (which would only provide you with the same albeit a new blade assembly) and/or a new jar (which, again, would only postpone the inevitable)...to "fix" the problem (i won't know for a while how long this fix will last), wrap the business end of pliers with tape to protect the cap nut that holds the blade down. remove this nut. pull off the blade (this may take some jimmying; be patient; it's sharp). there may or may not be shreds of whatever used to be there to keep the blade moving. remove all of that...now turn the jar on its side and look thru the glass at the blade assembly. if you turn the bolt from below, you'll note that the threaded portion of the bolt is flat on two sides, making an ovoid shape. the hole in the center of the blade corresponds to this shape. this is what make the blade turn. however, you will also notice that there is a smooth, round, 2mm space on the shank between the threaded portion of the bolt and the part that disappears into the various gaskets and so forth which hold all of this to the bottom of the blender jar. if there is nothing in this 2mm space to hold the blade in place against the threaded, ovoid portion, the blade drops down to this smooth, round portion and just sits there. you can tighten the cap nut, and you may get some stirring action, but this won't even puree a banana...i don't know what occupied that 2mm space before and don't particularly care since it disintegrated. but i'm not ready to toss a blender that cost me over a hundred bucks, either. so, i went to the hardware store (in my city, ace sells washers, o-rings, nuts and so forth loose) and got an o-ring -- metric -- that was 2.5mm thick with an inside diameter (id) of 5mm and an outside diameter (od) of 8mm. i also bought two stainless flat washers with the same id and od...now, the threaded portion of the bolt has a diameter of 5mm. but it then flares out slightly to 7mm. the easy way to stretch your 5mm id o-ring over this 7mm shaft is to slip the o-ring over the threaded portion of the shaft, replace the blade, replace the cap nut, and screw down the cap nut. as you tighten this, the o-ring will be forced down and stretched over the wider portion of the bolt. this will help prevent leaking...now remove the cap nut again and jimmy off the blade. slip your two stainless washers over the threaded portion of the bolt so that they occupy that 2mm round space. replace the blade and the cap nut. tighten everything up...of course, this takes much longer to explain that it takes to do. once you have the o-ring and washers, you ought to be able to accomplish all of this in ten minutes or less. ..on the other hand, if you don't care about the money and don't want to mess with any of this, you have no choice but to buy a "vintage" waring made before the company was sold, unless you want to be taking it back again and again. your best bet will likely be a waring from the 40s or 50s. these can be found on ebay just about any time, and generally go for around 40 or 50 dollars. this will also be your only recourse if you want a "real" kitchenaid mixer. hobart does now sell a countertop model for the home, but it's considerably more expensive than the current whirlpool/kitchenaid mixers, which are in turn more expensive than the real kitchenaids available on ebay...the moral to this is that if you have something that you bought a long time ago, like an old kitchenaid mixer or an old blackdecker power tool (before bd started manufacturing junk), and it still works, don't get rid of it...update, nov 9:..i've used this blender for over four months now after "fixing" it (see my review of june 29) and i couldn't be happier. not only does it perform like a waring is supposed to perform, but i've had no further problems after my 59 cent fix...i'm raising my rating to 3 stars from one (that is, i would if i could) because the blender now works the way it's supposed to, but i'm not rating it "5" because the buyer shouldn't have to fool with a homemade fix at all. but if you know your way around a pair of pliers, this is an excellent blender...about that burning smell that a couple of reviewers complained about. i can't be sure, but i suspect that the smell comes from using too low a speed for whatever is being done. if the motor has to labor, it may give off that odor. just kick it up a notch and see if the odor goes away
burning rubber.upon the first use of this product there was a burning rubber smell. i thought it might go away with time. after a month, it was still there. i contacted waring about it and sent the product for repair. a month later they sent me back a new one. same problem, so i returned it to waring. two months passed and they sent me back another one. same issue. all in all, it's taken 5 months to get 3 blenders, all with burning rubber smells. unless you like that smell in your kitchen do not buy. waring would not refund my money and it's already past the 30 days amazon will accept a return
how can it be a pro when it breaks in two weeks?.at first i thought this was a great blender, however in two weeks of use the blade stopped turning. i do not have enough faith in the blender to keep it, so i am returning it..i read about another person having the same problem at cooking.com
poor design.this silicone pan's fluted sides are far too "pointy", for lack of a better word.  the part of the cake in the narrow "points" cooks much faster than the rest of the cake, leaving you with burned, or over-cooked edges.  my other problem may be common to all silicone bakeware, but this pan doesn't brown cakes, it simply heats them, leaving you with a somewhat mushy and pale cake exterior, especially around the inner tube.  i'm going back to a metal bundt pan
great coffee but too easy to break.i was given this coffee maker for a birthday gift a couple of years ago and after i figured out how to make it work, loved it. after a while the latch on the top broke off and i had to hold the top down while it was grinding the coffee. that made the timer on it useless unless you propped something against it to hold the top down. it was a little inconvenient but i got use to it. then the metal filter broke and i decided to get a new one. luckily i put the old one in the garage for "spare parts" because not long after i started using the new one the side tab broke off and i had to grab a replacement off the old one. i will probably not purchase this brand again
too small, too clumsy.this ice crusher has got to be a joke.  the tiny cup that receives the crushed ice constantly slips out of position, sendiing crushed ice everywhere.  the entire contraption is very small and clumsy to operate.  this product is a total waste of money
too flexible.the ends were too flexible and soft.  the items were returned.  however, if you like extremely flexible ends, these are the spatulas for you
very poor nonstick.design of this pot is excellent but the nonstick comes off easily(very soft). did the makers ever test their product?.i treat my cookware very well and use the proper utensils..dont even try a metal utensil. shame on farberware
very nice look if you can get one that isn't broken.i have been trying to get a matching pair of these bookshelves, however, only one out of three has arrived undamaged.  this item is packaged very poorly for shipping and all three arrived in very poor condition.  the last one arrived w/ nearly every piece broken!  amazon is now refusing to ship another replacement since this is an ongoing problem.  now i can't finish the pair and am stuck w/ only one useable bookshelf.  my recommendation would be to only purchase this item in a store and if it isn't available, then don't bother
worst bookcase ever.in the past year i have gotten the entire dolce collection and loved every piece of it until i got this bookcase.  basically the bookcase doesnt stay together. at first there were just huge gaps between the shelves and side panels. although it bothered me i decided to keep the bookcase anyway.  then about 4 weeks later the side panel cracked in half and the whole thing collapsed. this bookcase is now worthless.
wrong color.i have the dolce desk and ordered the bookcase to match.  received it today, it is much lighter in color than my desk! i am sooooo disappointed, i haven't seen it in stores in months, so i don't know what i will do.  plus, that price turns into more after all charges are added in...worth the price if it matched!!!
churchill china has lowered their standards - like most other companies these days.very disappointing.  churchill china seems to be manufactured in columbia now (not england) - i have received pieces with the pattern well off-center, glazing drips, poor color transfer, etc.  not the quality i was used to
gravy boat and tray.i was disappointed with this item. we possess a large set of this china, all of it made in england. when i ordered this set, it was in addition to several add on pieces. all of the pieces that came from the amazon store were of the same high quality, having been made in england. the gravy boat and tray were made in columbia, s.a. and i feel not up to the quality of the other items
not circulon 2.just received the dutch oven -- it is not circulon 2 as advertised above -- haven't used it yet since i am not sure what i am going to do i
rust spots right out of the dishwasher.knives are sharp and have a great heft to them and feel good in your hand; however the grade of stainless is very poor - first time through the dishwasher brought on rust spots
seconds, anyone?.i am so disappointed in the enamel finish on this pot.  it looks like a factory second.  there are three small pits in the white finish on the inside bottom of the pot that collect cooking debris and make cleaning difficult.  the outside finish is irregular and bumpy looking and the top edge of the pot has some irregularities.  i would send this back, but have gotten rid of the box.  i wish i had spent the extra money for the le cruset
coffee grinder/power generator.if you were looking for a quiet humidifier, this is a falsely advertised and disappointing product.  even after letting it run for 30-60 minutes, this humidifier was too loud, even closing the doors couldn't mask the loud, grinding, and machine-like sounds of this "humidifier". buyer beware
breaks very easily.the first shipment was in pieces. returned and it was reshipped. the replacement order had a handle broken. i've given up and will try super glue..very fragile
littermaid recepticles.very thin plastic, flimsy if allowed to get too full. lids don't fit very well either. these containers are a bit pricey too. i think i would prefer a heavier reusable container
not as sturdy as the older ones.it appears that they have changed the way these are made. ..when i first got my littermaid (which is a wonderful product!) i got replacement liners. they were all white and plastic. there were quite sturdy and i would replace them monthly (i would give them a quick rinse if needed). so doing that, the cost of the liners were well worth it...however, these replacement liners are terrible! they are a clear, flimsy plastic that rips/tears very easily. i have found that they tear away from the litterbox holder (where you push the liner underneath so it catches in the holder) and litter gets spilled underneath the litterbox. ..i am going to try the suggestions of the other reviewers and line them with the plastic bags. hopefully that will get me back to multiple uses, because the price is way to high for the quality of the product
lower quality than authentic receptacles!.i have owned littermaid products for many years.  the last time i purchased receptacles, i bought this 18 pack.  when they arrived in a plain brown box with no actual littermaid box, i should immediately have suspected they were not from littermaid and were nowhere near the quality.  these receptacles are not littermaid-quality receptacles.  i normally buy the 12-packs from drs. foster and smith (online and catalog) or petsmart, but i liked the idea of the 18 pack, since i now have three cats (lots more waste, since they like to "compete" in the litterbox).  trust me, if you want to reuse your receptacles or not have to struggle to change them when they are a bit on the full side, buy littermaid brand receptacles and not a cheaper but much lower quality knockoff.  i am switching back, because i much prefer quality over quantity
my husband has a fit with these..these shakers are adorable. very small and cute... but, unless you look closely at them, it's very easy to mix them up. my husband has fits over them and swears he'll find a way to mark them "s" and "p" if i don't switch them out. often we'll use the larger range shakers by fiesta instead of these. buy the range shakers instead of these if you can find them. i bought mine from amazon
useless (or at least near-useless).this clunky mini chopper seems pretty useless to me.  if someone finds something that chops well using this device i'd be interested to know what it is.  everything in mine either a) jams the device up or b) "bruises" whatever i'm chopping so bad the result is completely unappetizing.  ..i thought this might work well for, say, cilantro or basil and the like, but the result isn't pretty...you basically get dark-green mushy stuff when you're finished...did i mention it's *impossible* to clean?  things get trapped *behind* the blades and go up into the handle.  good luck really flushing this thing out...ok--well, i have to admit this chopper is decent for peanuts--those don't get caught in the mechanism.  for a small amount of nuts to be chopped to go on ice cream or something this makes a decent tool.  so perhaps that's one use...not a big expense here, and maybe the bigger chopper jams less--i don't know.  don't waste your money on this device though
dangerous.i attempted to use this thermometer to carefully monitor the temperature of a pot of shortening for frying doughnuts. by the time the reading indicated 250f, the oil was severely smoking. fortunately, i aborted heating any further to curtail the possibility of a loss of human life in this preparation. using another thermometer (thank you taylor), i discovered that the pyrex was incorrect by more than 150f. seems exceptionally poor in qualitiy but exceptionally profound in functional negligence...thank you pyrex for helping me almost burn down my kitchen
failed to live up to name.i purchased this item to use as a candy thermometer.  it's analog dial display is in 50 degree increments with no marks in between.  this makes it ill suited for its purpose where often a 5 degree range is required in many recipes.  i expected more from a pyrex product. it was made in china, and does not serve its purpose.  i am returning it and buying a better quality product
very disappoined.i was very happy to find this candy thermometer at a very good price, so i try it as soon as i got it but just in case it did not work i also used my candy thermometer that i already had it costed me about four dallors, well i have to say this candy thermometer didnt work at all ,i could not read it it only move a little it just wasnt a good product at all i have come to relay on amazon.com for just about every thing that i need to buy this is the only thing i have bought from here that i was unhappy with and i well contiue to buy from amazon.com, thank for being here
unhappy with purrchase.i was not happy with this purchase because the dishes had an oval raised ring on the bottom that is very rough. this will scratch my counter and microwave. i would have returned this purchasehad had i not thrown the boxes away. sorry for the unfavorable reply. tom milan (age 73
tried 2 with no luck.i had bad luck with this product.  i received one, used it once and something shorted out(heard a pop and then it stopped).  it was easily exchanged for another, which also did not work well.  it seemed that the pitcher did not fit well on the base, thus the black plastic around the spinning mechanism, was slowly grinding away.  i took it apart, put it back together slightly less tight, tried putting pressure on it while blending etc.  nothing worked so i returned that one as well.
total waste of money!!.this blender in junk! don't waste your money!.the very first time i used it, it ran for about 10 seconds, began to smell, then quit working alltogether. you'd think that by 2006 mankind would have sufficient technology to make a working blender, but, evidently, oster hasn't been able to master it..now i have to go through all the bull%$*@ of packing it back up and returning it and waiting for my card to get credited. far more trouble that it's worth. the lowest rating i can give it here is one star but it doesn't even deserve that!.i have no intention of ever buying anything made by oster and i would encourage others to do likewise
boring!.this is, without a doubt, the most boring egg slicer that i have ever used.  it was so bland and uninteresting that i can't recommend it to anyone
broken at 2nd use.do not recommend to anyone
very tiny bowls.these are not at all what i was expecting.  to me, these are tiny bowls -- they measure 5 1/4 inches across top.  [...
waste of time and money.an avid amateur chef (and gadget freak), deeply in love with my stand-mixer for baking, i thought this seemed like a good idea for our favorite quick salads like grated carrotts and apples etc. unfortunately i am not impressed. unless you make copious amounts of shredded veggies i think you are better off using a regular grating iron.  any time you save cranking stuff through the shredder is quickly lost on clean-up.  get a good grating iron instead, replace it when it gets dull. be happy. my set is sitting in the back of a cabinet after only a few uses
what a deception!   kitchen-hell.nota bene:.i have tried to contact kitchen-aid for over a month,  wrote 4 em via the kitchenaid customer support website, and beside their promise to answer within 3 business day, i have yet to hear from them. .i'm truly disappointed with their customer support and the rsva..kitchen-hell:  "for the way it's made"....well, .what a deception! .probably the worst shredder i ever used...i purchase this product in the idea that kitchenaid was a good brand (by experience), but i must admit that i have the feeling that i paid $50 for a very, very poor shredder, which should be sold $15 maximum. a $7 walmart hand shredder makes a better job...i have the feeling that kitchenaid just ripped me off. ..i'm a mechanical engineer and i love to cook, and i'm normally the type to buy one excellent knife instead of 2 poor ones, but this time, i was fooled..so , let's review the product:..first of all, the cones are not stainless steel, but regular steel, badly chromed. .it means that, one day or another, they will rust. ..how can you tell? use a magnet, if it is not sticking, it's a 18/10 stainless steel. (18% chrome + 10% nickel, a true stainless steel).try with your kitchenaid mixing bowl, and you'll see. .it also means that if you ever try to sharpen the slicing blades, you'll take off the chrome and it will rust very quickly. ..i'm sorry, but a brand like kitchenaid should at least, provides stainless steel cones. especially at 50 bucks a piece. (and i suppose that's why it is stated household use only), not allowed to use regular steel in a restaurant) ..the blades are either dull, unevenly sharpened, or not at all(sides).  it mashes or puree very well, but the cuts are uneven and messy. i just wanted a slicer, not a musher..the sharpening on (my) slicing cones is visibly uneven. one side slices, the other not.  ..the gap between the cones and the body is too big, food goes in, get pushed in by the dull cones to end up in a mess...the cones rotate unevenly, off balance, which adds to the previous mess...the length of the blades is smaller than the size of the spout. (the cutting length  should be a least the size of the spout, not smaller ).in short: everything that goes is those corners is miserably mashed ...so, as a result, in my opinion: buy something else..add $20 and buy yourself something decent. plus, the attachment is so bulky that a food processor will not take much space. .my grade on a 10 scale:   3    .probably the worst shredder i ever used. .and if you ever decide to buy one , please contact me , for $25,  you'll have an almost brand new one.
warped - a couple of my all-clad pieces warped.i've had this pan for years and i use it maybe a couple of times a month.  i probably have 12 pieces of all-clad and i don't cook everyday.  many of my pans, including this one, are beginning to warp.  after having researched this on the web (lots of people have this problem) and learning that even if i had registered them (warranty) they are too old.  i was informed by the company that warping is a sign of misuse - hmmm, i used mine to cook with...so i now get to throw them away and replace them.  i remember thinking when i first began to buy/collect them that they were a lifetime purchase/investment.  well now 10 years later i'm throwing them away.  i think they should have lasted longer for the price ... ..i haven't decided whether to replace them with a more disposable brand (cheaper to throw away) or a higher end brand (last longer?).  either way i think you should know before you buy them that they may warp without explanation
full of nothin.i was very disappointed with this purchase.  the bed does not have nearly enough filling in it.  i have ceramic tile and when my dachshund goes into it she sinks to the floor.  no, she is not one of those grossly overweight ones that you see waddling around town.  lol  i guess if you have padded carpeting then the bed would be fine but if you are planning on using this bed on hard surfaces then i don't recommend it.
i'd prefer a plastic tray to these.i have to say, whoever designed these dishes was not exactly a sushi expert. the trays for soy sauce and other garnishes was way too small to accomodate things such as small amounts of daikon or garlic (which you can add to the soy sauce before dipping the sushi in it). plus, the design of the soy trays was really awkward considering that some people like more soy on their sushi than say, a tiny smidge on one corner. fans of a stronger shoyu taste to their pike or salmon will find themselves in fear of either overflowing the tray by simply dipping the sushi into the sauce or knocking over the tray completely...the dishes for the sushi pieces themselves were also too small for my tastes (as well as my friends'), as well as aesthetically uninspiring. what was advertised as simple and elegant, turned out to be boring and useless...for customers who want eye catching, yet modest cermaic pieces for sushi, i'd suggest to continue hunting. this sushi set seems a bit too so. cal (as in limited to merely california or kappa maki rolls and single serve packets of soy)to be functional to anyone who has taken the time to actually make their own sushi
where is the creativity?.nice and simple, but so completely western if you ask me.  it has more of the english tearoom effect than the japanese love for the beautiful in the simple things of life.  japanese dishes are so creative and breathtaking in their simple beauty--why are most of the options for sale here in the us so boring?  i have resorted to making my own sushi dishes, and i can tell you they're a lot more interesting than these.  if you want something fast get these.  but if you want personality keep looking.  let me know if you find anything really good
more problems with construction.the reviews describing this device's construction problems are accurate.  i just had my grater break at the threaded shaft that connects the handle to the grating cylinder after maybe a dozen uses for grating parmesan.  their stand mixers are the undisputed champs, but kitchenaid's hand graters are of a different and inadequate caliber.  save the $20 and look elsewhere
does kitchenaid know this grater is mediocre?.i received this grater as a christmas gift, and the following august it broke.  i stripped the plastic screw that holds the handle to the grating barrel.  and all i did was unscrew it for cleaning!  if these reviews don't get your attention, let the amount of plastic on this grater send up red flags.  why would the part receiving so much torque ever be made of plastic?!?  i am curious to see how kitchenaid will handle my complaint, since i can't find this product anywhere on their website, and a search for it comes up empty.  not a good sign..
poor construction.i usually rave about kitchenaid products, but this one has been problematic from day one.  the little chrome handle fell off the first time i used it.   a real pain to keep putting the turning handle back on.  after the first few uses, the handle hinge broke off so that the grater had to be held together while attempting to use it.  too much pressure required to shred all but the softest cheese, and now, after less than a year, the crank broke off on one of the graters so the entire thing is useless...into the trash it went.  i'm the eternal optimist so i'm gong to spring for the battery powered one i saw in another catalog.  don't waste your money on this one
poor quality.my grater broke after a year of occasional use.  this is now the second plastic grater i have wasted my money on.  i will spend the extra $$$ for a metal rotary grater now
not so good..we had this toaster just 2 months. while toasting an english muffin, one side of the toaster coils just quit working. the overall looks and features are great. i think we got the lemon in the bunch
performance  of toaster.does not toast evenly on right 2 toaster slots. also seems it takes too long to toas
defective.it was defective.  the handles did not lock down to toast in any level of heat
don't be fooled by the price or previous reviews.i ordered this toaster based on a combination of previous reviews and price. after more than a week of frustration i discovered the only 4-slice toasters which received good reviews cost a great deal of money (dualit) or were backordered for weeks...then there was this toaster. although it showed up in record time (less than the stated delivery time - thank you amazon) it was a disaster from the moment it came out of the box:..1. it's a very light weight toaster, which means it feels cheap. the plastic is low grade plus the lift and heating elements are flimsy and rattle around a great deal...2. the lift mechanisms feel cheap. i had to gingerly push them down in fear of breaking them. if i pushed down with any reasonable force, the toaster tipped forward...3. to make matters worse, the left side of the toaster was broke: the lift mechanism wouldn't stay down...4. i did try to use the side which worked on both regular bread and frozen waffles. the bread came out uneven: one side was noticeably darker than the other, each heating element produced different results, and each slice was toasted unevenly on each side. the frozen waffles came out very dry and due to their being curled up, jammed on the way up. if i wasn't there watching it, it could have started a fire because the heating element didn't turn off...overall: this is a cheap and dangerous toaster. avoid it like the plague.  i'm just going to have to suck it up and pay the extra money for a better quality machine or wait for the other toasters to get restocked
sticks!.i have used this pan for about 3 years, part time..it beats a crappy farberware or similar hands down but don't be fooled so fast about it being a "luxury" pan...i have been a witness to calphalon's declining quality in recent years and this pan is one of those...food sticks to it easily.  i am no stranger to butter and oil and still this pan makes food adhere.  i find that it helps to give it a slow and lengthy warm up to the proper temp but i am resigned to just knowing that food sticks to it now...it is a useful size and shape for spontaneous cooking but i recommend going with a true high quality item such as mc2 from all clad
don't buy it.these are very thin and light.  i don't know where they got the idea of pricing it regularly at nighty dollars.  worth only five dollar
intolerably sticking.everything sticks to it. and i don't know why. i want to know why. i tried different temperature, different heating time, different food, from vegetables to meats. but no improvement at all
the pan is very unstable barely stand on its own on the stove.the pan is a very dangerous thing in my kitchen. without food or lid with the pan, the pan is very easy to tilt over, user please  careful with oil on it.  this is a very small pan, good enough for doing your egg.  you cannot saute (with a shape like this) or and is too small for stir-fly.  one of the reason that this pan will tilt over because it is too small - a small body with a big handle
not made in england.i also purchased the churchill china brook blue set of 8 (45 pieces) and the set of 4 (20 pieces) intending to have a matched set of 12.  wrong.  the set of 8 was indeed made in england and contained soup bowls (listing on amazon only says "bowls"). the set is very nice and has high quality.  the set of 4 and the completer set, however, are made in colombia.  the color is more saturated, the salad dishes are about 2 inches smaller than those made in england, the "bowls" are cereal bowls, and the vegetable bowl and platter are both smaller and less detailed than those made in england.  suggestion:  if you want consistancy, order two sets of the 45 pieces and don't fool with the add-ons.  amazon could not guarantee the ancillary pieces would be from england.... despite the on-line description to that effect
a good product -- with a bad flaw.heavy base promising even heat, nice tempered glass lid. it takes care of business...but under normal use the handle on the lid gets too hot to handle. they need to fix this elementary problem before their otherwise excellent product can be considered satisfactory
very cheap..my husband ordered this for me as a gift.  kitchen torch didn't work.  now that it has butane in it, i'm afraid to send it back, so it looks like i'm out $25.  the item is very cheaply made.
food jar/mug unfit as a mug.i had been looking long and hard for a good insulated coffee mug that would not easily tip over to replace my old mug that tipped over regulalry.  when i found this one i thought, "finally a decent mug to buy!".  i loved the handle and the way it kept the coffee warm, but it it totally unusable!  the lid does not seal well.  efforts to tighten the lid down further to reduce leakage result in stripped threads.  now the lid won't tighten at all!  it leaks horribly.  my poor white shirt stained by it!  pass on this one until they redesign the lid!  otherwise it's great.  if only the lid actually sealed!  grrrrrr
doesn't fit size 2.product description doesn't tell you what size filter this is.  it is a size 4.  it did not fit our size 2 filter holder.  product returned
faulty design.while this filter is supposedly designed to work with my krups coffee maker, the plastic frame of this cheaply made quot;permanentquot; filter snapped shortly after i began using it
lazy susan review.i returned the anchor hocking lazy susan because the metal base was so flimsy that it did not support the glass plate and serving pieces.  i really like the look of the clear glass, but the wobbly base makes this product virtually unusable!!
not impressed.after i used this thing i sent it back and got a refund minus the shipping. on its coarsest setting it was still way to fine a grind for a press coffee maker. the thing also has a tendency to gum up. i was not impressed
dishwasher safe?.i like this item alot and this is the second one i've owned. don't put the lid in the dishwasher because it takes the finish off. it happened on both of mine, thanks to my roomate. the screws that hold the handles come loose frequently and the aluminum threads on the base strip very easily
don't count on it for good ole fried chicken.although this is a fine product to use instead of a nonstick pan on the stove top don't confuse it for an electric fry pan.  i made a deal with my mom, i would get her a new electric fry pan to replace hers of 40 years and she would make me a nice fried chicken and dumpling dinner.  the nonstick surface does not brown like the old fry pans did.  it is very light weight. so much so that i was completely surprised upon opening it and i remembered right away that old saying about quot;if a pan is too light it's not a good panquot;.  sadly after spending $50.00 on this item i'm out shopping again for, yup, a quot;realquot; electric fry pan.  lower your expectations and you'll be happy with this.  if you are expecting to brown foods or cook like mom did, it won't happen in this electric skillet (electric fry pan it is not)
wonderful, until the handle cracked.i purchased this wok for my husband's christmas present.  it was lovely, we cooked two meals in it christmas day.  nice heat transfer, beautiful on the table (but big).  that night, he noticed the handle was cracked where it meets the pan.  it's considerably narrower than the normal le creuset handle.  back it went to williams sonoma, where there were a few other l.c. woks with similar cracks!  phooey to you, le creuset...i wish i could find another glass lidded joyce chen wok - my old one was the best, before it was dropped one too many times
flimsy.they are making these much more lightweight and, apparently, flimsy than they used to. the popcorn did taste great until the popper broke after about six batches. the plastic gears on the turning mechanism still turn around but the stirrer on the bottom of the pan doesn't, resulting in half popped and burned popcorn. i've used the stainless steel model made by another brand and the popper was durable but the popcorn really doesn't taste as good as that produced using aluminum. i am going to order yet another brand made of aluminum but with brass gears. hope springs eternal
infused anodized calphalon.very disappointed!  my wife and i just decided to clean out 20+ years of pots and pans and get new cookware so we purchased a calphalon contemporary stainless set (very nice and completely satisfied with it), but there are just times when a non stick works better for me.  so my wife as a gift gave me a 9" infused anodized fry pan.  i read the instructions before using the pan.  i was disappointed that it wasn't dishwasher safe, but it was a gift...i realize that calphalon never says non-stick, but they strongly imply it, and do mention easy release.  my first use i used a little butter, swirled it around and scrambled eggs.  they stuck everywhere to the pan, cleaning around the rivets was the worst the pan also stained.  the next time i used about a teaspoon of bacon grease and carefully wiped the entire surface using a paper towel to spread the oil.  still the eggs stuck terribly.  i just quit using the pan.  she used the pan and had the same problem...bottom line is we returned it and got our money back.  we didn't go with the calphalon non stick but rather scanpan which we love...please don't get me wrong, we love our calphalon stainless steel set and wouldn't trade it for anything, but the infused anodized line failed us miserably...the 2 stars are for the pan design and heat distribution, both of which are excellent
not what i expected.i rigidly followed the directions as far as cleaning and using the pan... still have many things stick.  not really impressed to pay $45.00 for a small pan and still have these problems.
infused anodized is not non-stick.contrary to what store assistants will tell you, these "new technology" (hard anodized, infused anodized) skillets are nothing more than an alternative to steel skillets. if you like to use stainless steel or regular steel skillets, then you may want to try this expensive new toy. food still sticks to the pan but you don't get rusts. however, i do not see how one can justify the high price.  ..i would recommend hard anodized non-stick for non-stick uses, and stainless steel or regular steel for the rest...the 2-star is for price/performance ratio.  if this is a $10 skillet, i would probably give it a 5-star
mixed feelings about this product.i ordered two sets, one for me and the other as a gift for a co-worker. typical for amazon, the items were poorly packaged. one set arrived safely. the other set had 1 medium size bowl broken. i decided to keep the broken set rather than returning the item due to the shipping cost would be more than the item itself. the lids are somewhat difficult to work with, taking some effort to cover the bowls. but i like the fact that the glass material is less likely to harm you, compared to plastic containers, which i use for dry goods. do i recommend this item? no.
not good.oven does not maintain temperature.  tried to cook biscuits in it and  they came out flat. also the broiler burner comes on at high heat and burns the top before the inside is done
blown away.bought new ,right before the waranty was up about 11 months the fan blew.sent it in they gave me a different one but it was refurbished with the door missaligned and the chrome coming off.sent it back got another with the front panel corner bent but i kept it .now 8 months later the fan blew on this one too.have to send this one back also .so it is 2 ovens in two years.it did cook well thoug
very low quality steel.i liked the look of these pots. i bought several 2 and 3qt pots maily for boiling water for pasta, potatoes etc.  the stainless steel used is very poor quality. ..after just over a month all of them have rust spots on the bottoms and where the handles meet the pot.  after the first use i noticed small discolored spots on the inside bottoms, not your typical discoloration from heat, and they would not polish out with bar keepers friend.  these spots are now where i see rust forming after each use.  these are definitly no where near the quality of my all-clad and calphalon stainless steel cookware, but then again neither is the price...all said i wouldn't buy them again.  even cheap stainless steel pots and pans shouldn't rust with normal use. even the free cuisinart santoku knife i received is rusting and i've only used it 3 times.  i cannot stress how bad the steel is!..as far as cooking goes, they work great.  the aluminum core bottoms conduct the heat well.  they also have a great look aside from the rusting.
must be handwashed..the rims on the pot and the lid cover is too sharp.  it must be handwashed because it cut the coating on my new dishwasher.  just horrible.  poor design
will rip the skin off your fingers if you are not careful.this attachment is designed to turn your powerful kitchenaid food processor into a citrus juicer. the word powerful defines the most important problem and safety issue with this product: unlike other citrus juicers where the core will spin at a moderate speed upon the user pressing down, this will power into action as you press the quot;pulsequot; button on the machine and then spin so fast that it is very tricky to hold on to the citrus fruit, especially smaller ones like lemons and limes. if you slip, your fingers can get badly scraped by exposure to the spinning core. did that twice and threw the thing out. it is not worth it! there are many great attachments for the kitchenaid processor, this is not one of them. don't waste your money
be careful!.i bought this attachment based on customer reviews which described a lid on the unit which holds the citrus in place. well, kitchenaid must have quot;improvedquot; it, because the unit came without any such lid. consequently, you hold down the citrus with your fingers and can suffer pain and injury because of the speed of the processor spinning the reamer. definitely not recommended
broken item.i was dissapointed that this item arrived broken and i needed to send it back for a refund
didn't think of that....i thought this would be the solution to leaving my fish alone for a week. i tested the feeder for a week prior to leaving for vacation. seeing that it worked properly i placed the feeder over the opening in my tank and left for vacation. the moisture that evaporates from the tank got into the feeder and made the flake food wet and unable to fall out the tube. unfortunately all my fish died and i now know the reason no one has ever recommended this product to me before.
this knife is junk..i bought this knife thinking all knives are the same, besides, i can put a sharpened edge on any knife that isn't sharp enough.  wrong!  the knife is to heavy, poor balance and i can't get it to cut the way i like no matter how much i have worked on it.  i finally bought an $89 henckel pro s.  light, balanced and cuts like a razor!  the chicago cutlery knife is in the garage now in my tool box
caveat emptor.the low price was nice, but the knife wasn't worth what i paid. it arrived dull and i have not been able to make it sharp. never had this problem with more expensive knives from henckels or caphalon
gigantic disappointment.thought for years, i was missing something by not having a cuisinart!  what a laugh.  in the few months i have had this unit, two pusher assemblies have cracked and broken.  i did read the manual from cover to cover and watched the video prior to using.  this is an obvious design defect.  guess i was lucky, in that first replacement was made without a hassle or having to return anything.  now they want the broken item returned, which is an inconvenience and a delay.  i was without my replacement last time, at least six weeks.  i plan to return this item and purchase a different brand
not so happy.i bought this cuisenart food processor two years ago since i have liked cuisenart products in the past. though it looks nice i don't particularly like how you have to click the bowl and the stopper into place - they have gotten stuck and it takes more fumbeling than necessary. the bowl had a small crack within weeks ( just from normal usage) but it still worked. i make a lot of breads and was excited about the dough feature but the motor clearly struggles - the machine moves around and gets very hot. after a kitchen contractor managed to start a kitchen fire (don't ask) which melted down the bowl, lid and stopper i looked to replace them. not only was customer service less than helpful, they were unreasonable expensive and not even in stock. imagine not getting replacements on a two year old widely used appliance and no help from customer service. ?!?  i ended up buying a kitchenaid foodprocessor which was not only slightly cheaper but has a stronger motor and a better rating in consumer reports plus great customer service. it makes dough without any effort and the setup is simpler and seems sturdier. i wouldn't switch back even if i got a free cuisenart
they smell and are way too low..these pillows fluff up nice but will have to be used on top of others. they also smell of chemicals
terrific item.the black  decker gismo electric can opener is a terrific addition to kitchen tools.  it is easy to use, handy, and a great improvement over the old style can openers.  a great gift for others and for yourself
wouldn't hold a charge.i loved it when i first got it.  i charged it by the directions, and used it for all my cans with no problem.  when it ran out of juice i recharged it according to the directions.  the next day it wouldn't work.  it had enough power to turn if i closed it by hand, but it wouldn't cut through a lid.  i held it closed and ran it out and tried to charge it once again (that was from the troubleshooting guide).  still couldn't cut through a lid.  it would run if i closed it by hand, but it never cut a lid again.  i tossed it and bought a manual one that still works
gizmo is hard to handle.my gizmo is extremely hard to position, to get it started cutting.  after 4 or 5 tries, i finally get it started - but it's very frustrating.  also, since it lacks a handle, it is hard to handle while trying to position it...i'm getting rid of it, and ordering a different model
gizmo is not as good as old hand-cranked opener!.i'm an electronics tech, my husband is a mechanic.  he gave this to me for christmas last year.  we both tried to make this thing work, but it's really more effort than it's worth.  i'm just glad it wasn't very expensive
worst can opener i've ever used!.this is a very fiddly can opener.  i'm a techno-geek, and i couldn't figure out a way to reliably and easily lock it onto a can.  my wife and mother-in-law fared no better.  ..also, the cutting head keeps comes off for cleaning, but it wouldn't lock in very well for actual use.  it kept coming off the unit all the time...finally, when i bought this thing, i assumed that the wall mount was a charging cradle. it's not.  the wall mount is a piece of plastic.  if you want to charge the thing, you've got to pull the adapter out of a drawer somewhere and leave it plugged in for a day.  definitely not anywhere near as care free as past can openers i've used that were always on, always available, and always clicked into the can relatively easily...about the only good thing i can say about it is that after you do finally get it charged and locked onto the can, it does actually open the can...ours went into the trash after about 5 minutes of attempted use
very tiny bowls.these are not at all what i was expecting.  to me, these are tiny bowls -- they measure 5 1/4 inches across top.  [...
extremely disspointed, and i wanted to love it!.my husband got me this scale for christmas. my parents also got me a scale, one of the salter ones with what they thought were similar features (granted, it was approximately $10-$15 more than the soehnle)...first - the soehnle scale came out of the box with a peice rattling around inside it, and the sticker(!!) that covers the digital readout totally off, and sticking to the manual. it felt flimsy and cheap, and even the buttons felt as if they would come off in my hands. it looks so nice in the photo, and even though i had known it was plastic before i requested it - it doesn't look quite as nice/sturdy in person...second, i had thought it was more feature-rich. i wasn't expecting it to be so simple, yet so difficult. there's no easily found way to zero the scale, and the tare button is the same as the on/off button! addtionally, it is a large scale, and i found myself wondering if it really needed to be that big for what it does (or rather doesn't) do...i'm keeping the salter that my parents bought me, and returning this model
sturdy but poorly designed, difficult to clean.i've been using this food processor for a few months now and have noticed several things about it.  first being that it's really sturdy, all the pieces and bowls seem like they'll last forever...however, all the blades and bowls are impossible to get clean.  there are so many notches, rims, and little crevices  that are impossible to get a sponge into.  it's probably ok if you intend to put all the pieces into a dishwasher, but if that's not an option for you, then i'd recommend another food processor...the other thing that's annoying is the electrical cord is really short.  ..all of these flaws are things that could have been avoided with a bit of foresight by the design team.
these rust indeed!!!.i've had mine for about 5 months now, possibly less. a couple of weeks ago, i noted that it smelled rusty. and indeed the bottom had already started rusting! i used this pan regularly and also noted that it does not bake evenly. i tried to keep the little rust off my food by lining it with foil before baking but it's too much trouble and i still don't feel secure. i don't think i want to use it at all anymore now. i think it will be worthwhile to invest in something pricier but of better quality. this is not worth your trouble. or try pyrex for other purposes
these rust!.after using these only a few times and keeping them in storage for 2 years, all of these pans have rust on the inside and outside.
fell apart.i bought this pan a few years back. this morning while cooking breakfast the bottom piece separated from the rest of the pan. i loved this pan but now it is useless. the way it is constructed they basicly welded the bottom piece on and it is not on there forever. beware!!
happy "exploding  oven" thanksgiving day!.today was the first day i've used my pyrex glass baking dish.  it's thanksgiving.  the bird was in the oven for over an hour and i heard a shattering explosion... then a loud rain in my oven.  my baking dish had exploded in the oven with the turkey in it.  plus, the turkey juices went all over the oven, causing smoke and, of course, the alarm to go off in my apartment.  what a mess.  how can i get my money back?  (a tiny consolation for everything else....)  i'm not even hungry now.
another explosion victim.don't buy it!  my husband took my pork roast out of a 425 degree oven and set it on top of a warm stove top.  it exploded, sending glass everywhere.  thankfully, my daughter was not in the room.  i'm throwing all my pyrex out
frightened the hell out of me!!!.put a meatloaf in the oven @350 degrees.  {i'm an experienced cook for over 40 years and have used pyrex baking dishes more times than i  could possibly remember.}  dish...room temp...ingredients from refrig., but not frozen...in the oven about 6 minutes when i heard an explosion, and the dish had exploded into hundreds of pieces.  thankfully the oven was closed. should add that this is my most recent pyrex dish that i purchased within the last year.....well i guess we're doing take-out
pyrex isn't pyrex anymore.corning glass works used to make pyrex, a name synonymous with borosilicate glassware.  corning spun off its kitchenware division in 1998, and the pyrex brand is now owned by world kitchen, inc...pyrex kitchen products produced by world kitchen are no longer made from borosilicate glass, and their packaging indicates that they must never be used over a flame, on stove tops, under a broiler, or in a toaster oven.  hence the exploding glassware.  pre-1998 pyrex tends to crack into large pieces rather than shattering.  keep your pre-1998 pyrex and treat it nicely so it will last.  anything you buy now may blow up in your face!
not accurate.i've had this scale for awhile and i am noticing that it is not accurate. when i weigh something, take it off, and put it back on, it has a very different weight. a scale is pointless to me if it's not accurate. also, the slide is flimsy and won't stay at zero between weighings. i would recommend paying the extra $$ to buy a digital scale
cute one.it is easy to clean..it's so helpful for my dream in kitc
me too!.my cobalt pyrex baking dish, too, exploded in the oven, today while cooking a normal dinner. do not use cobalt pyrex dishes. i have never heard of a clear dish doing this but see that many reviewers have had this happen with the cobalt.
exploded in the oven.while baking a basic brownie dish in the oven, my pyrex colbalt blue 9 x 13 pan exploded into 1000 little pieces in the oven.  nothing abnormal was done regarding temperature, greasing or any other questionable baking temperature changes.  after reading others' comments i see i am not alone.  do not buy the tinted glass pyrex, only the clear (never had a problem with clear)
unworthy of the pyrex name!.i have been using pyrex products for years and have always found them to be incredibly durable, sturdy and versatile...i owned the rectangular casserole dish in cobalt for less than a month before it broke in the oven.  i have the same product in clear, which i have owned for 7 years (as well as older versions of the same product that i inherited from my grandmother), and although i can not be certain that it is specifically the fact that this version is tinted cobalt that caused this problem, i can't ignore the fact that i haven't ever experienced this problem before with the clear ones and the fact that apparently other reviewers have experienced the same thing...if you purchase this product, just be careful.  hopefully you'll have more luck than i did
very unhappy and extremely mad.i have had the exact same experience with the purple pyrex as   	"slevena" did.  i have never experienced such crap before.  they really need to fix this problem.  i would not reccommend this or any similar products, it will probably ruin a mean in less than 1 year
food loser bags.after i vacuum sealed my chicken breasts, the bags did not hold the seal. everything appeared to be fine at first, but when i went back to get some chicken the bags were loose
too hot on low!!!.i bought this slow cooker after deciding to give away my old crock pot (which i now regret) and i too have the problem that foods cook too fast on low.  i'll be looking to hopefully return this one for something different
lid doesn't stay on the rival crockpot.i am very disapointed in this item. water gets under the lid and the food gets done to fast on the low setting. even on warm there appears to be a problem. i am looking for a new one but not from rival
so-so.i have only two complaints about my new crock pot.  the lid is absolutely unacceptable!  it is not nearly heavy enough to keep steam from escaping.  this causes the food to lose moisture, not to mention the condensation that formed on my counter and then ran down the front of my cabinets.  thank goodness i still had the old one and salvaged the heavy glass lid from it - and it fit this one!  the second complaint is that it cooks much hotter/faster than the pot i had previously.  this may be due to the loss of steam and drying of the contents.  if i use the heavy glass lid and cook on low, it does ok but what about those who don't have a glass lid that fits?  i guess they're just out of luck.  bottom line is i would not recommend this model to anyone.
wood is too soft.this cutting board is made of very soft, almost balsa-like wood. in a few short weeks mine has a chewed up surface and i doubt if it will last a year. i have to locate a cutting board made of rock maple, the good old fashioned mainstay of the meat cutting trade, with good reason. save your money and avoid this cheapie
too stiff !.these are so stiff even with multiple washings i'll never use  the
piece of junk - doesn't work.it's cute, sure, but it doesn't work!  it's flimsy and didn't work out of the box.  i don't recommend it.  i'm on the search for one that is reliable
le rip-off.buy this if all you care about are its good looks. 2 stars for aesthetics
very sad but was english china.over the past several years i have purchased many pieces in this pattern.  i now have service for 12 give or take a few pieces and i have a couple types of bowls also.  originally this set had a backstamp that said royal wessex made in england.  more recently the backstamp read wessex collection made in england.  i am very sad to hear that it has become made in malaysia.  i was just about to purchase another couple pieces but i will have to get them elsewhere where i can make sure the backstamp says made in england.  i am sorry for those of you who thought you were getting english ones and didn't.  royal albert also moved its production out of england and johnson brothers has moved much of its production out of england too.  if you want english china now, you'll have to go with another company like spode.
it's a lie!.it isn't that it is ugly.  but it is a lie...a huge lie amazon is telling you, the set is made in malaysia.  yep... by wessex.  it isn't even churchill.  and china?  i'd call it stoneware!  buyer beware
do not buy this - buyer beware!!!!!.second time around - going to quit and get a refund.  no more dishes from amazon.  amazon should consider suspending this vendor as the dishes were improperly packaged and labeled which led to dish breakage.  also no proof or materials enclosed that show if the plates are microwave or dishwasher safe or contain no lead...here is my note to amazon customer service from the first try:..the amazon box had a slit from top to bottom on one of its corners.  it also wasn't properly labeled "i.e. glass, caution, or breakables" to warn the shipper of its contents...once i opened the main amazon box, there were two cardboard boxes that were unlabeled by the manufacturer.  on the product description it stated that the china was to come packaged in the manufacturer's original packaging - it wasn't.  both boxes looked like they had been opened previously...the first box was packaged correctly and had cardboard separators with paper between each item...the second box was a different story.  i knew it was a bad sign when i lifted the box out and i heard a rattle.  when i opened it the dishes were laid in there haphazardly with the cardboard separators all jumbled on the bottom so i know someone had already opened it and perhaps it was a return.  i was surprised that only three saucers were broken considering the state of the packaging...further, i was disconcerted because i ordered the product because it was churchill and made in england, as stated in the product description.  it is misrepresented because the items i received said they were wessex and made in malaysia.  the outside of the plain cardboard box stated it was made in columbia!  what the heck????..i have been a loyal amazon customer over the years and have been quite happy with my amazon and amazon marketplace purchases.  this was my first disappointment.  i will stick with non-breakables from now on
save your receipt.we had our bissell for about 3 years, which i'm finding is a pretty long time in the lives of steam cleaners.  because we have wood floors on the lower level, and use stanley steemers from time to time, we probably used the bissell about 20 to 25 times, and then usually just to do one room.   ..in the beginning we were happy with it - it cleaned well, and it has rinse ability, which is important, since i don't want to leave soapy water in the carpets.  ..it didn't take long before the spraying mechanism began getting clogged, and so we were constantly cleaning it, even as we cleaned the carpet.  in all fairness to the machine, we do have dogs.  however, i do vacuum (using an electrolux canister) before using the steam vac.  ..the last time i used it, there was hardly any water spraying out of it.  my attempts to unclog the mechanism were to no avail.  ..we now have it in the garage, awaiting either repair, or the curb -- we haven't decided yet.  our indecision is fueled by all of the bad reviews i'm reading about bissell's lack of durability; hoover's leaking and breaking tanks; and eureka's back breaking, non-cleaning atlantis.  since i'm unable to find a machine that promises to both clean, and last longer than one year, i don't want to invest in another steam vac.  so if i can find a repair center nearby, i may try and have this one repaired.  ..i guess my advice is, if you buy this machine, save the receipt.  if you can get the extended warranty on it (something i normally do not purchase) it might be worth it on this machine.
miss my hoover.broke after 1 cleaning plus 1 spot repair.  i won't pay to have it repaired if not covered under warranty.  will buy a hoover again.  bissell can kiss my, er, carpet
watch out for the brush drive.it cleans well when it works...  i clean once a week on about 400 square feet of regular carpet for 19 months.  i've had 4 of the $10 belts that drive the pump break.  the pump and the brush are all part of the same unit.  the plastic used for the brush drive wheel is very cheap and has failed on me 3 times.  it only cost $40 for that part.  since you have to replace it all.  none of this counts labor, which i do myself.  the store that i get the parts from have  know which parts fail by heart.  also for them it is a great money maker with people bringing in broken machines at least 3 times a week.  it cleans carpets well, along with cleaning out your wallet.  i would strong suggest you look else where for your next vaccum.
worst machine i ever owned!  save yourself the nightmare and buy a hoover!!!.my experience has been horrible and would take way too long to detail.  my old hoover widepath (6 brush) was on it's last legs so my dear husband thoughtfully went to the store to find a new one as a christmas present.  they were all out.  the only machine left in the store was this bissell display model.  worked nicely the first day and i liked it overall.  the next day when i went to use it in another room it didn't work.  it took a call to bissell to resolve.  then halfway thru the job the belt broke.... fixed that then the other belt broke.  i spent the better part of 2005 calling bissell every time i had to use the machine because it would not spray or it would not suck or it was making a horrible noise.  they finally told me to take it to a service center.  not only did they have to rebuild nearly the whole thing but i found out that the self propel never worked nor did the "pro-heat" heater!  i turned the thing on to use and suddenly it was easy to push and steam came puffing out from underneath!!  one month later i was out of the 1 year warranty and started having trouble and now i'm way past the 90 days of the service center and the darn thing is not working again.  there is no self propel, no heat, and the bladder burst while i was cleaning.  and as dirty as the kids have made my carpet the water is not even tan.... suffice to say my old broken hoover did a better job and i'd trade for it in an instant.  as soon as i can i'm getting the newest hoover and the bissell will go to the dump... i'm not even going to bother donating it to charity.  if i had the budget i'd actually go for one of those commercial ones because they really do the job (i rented one from the service place while the bissell was being repaired and it cleaned better than professionals have!)  unfortunately i don't have $1600.  the service place said that they repair bissell and dirt devil the most with bissell being their biggest repair revenue.  more points in hoover's favor...i would like to add that the bissell customer support people were very polite and commend bissell for their customer service but their products leave something to be desired. when something costs $300 i would hope to get more than nice customer service people.  i hope this review is helpful.
unreliable.i bought the factory-reconditioned version, the u6401-9rm, so thank goodness i didn't have quite so much money invested in this lumbering junkbox before i found out (just after the 6-month warranty) that it was one. all of the problems a previous review described-- eats belts, heavy, loud, clumsy-- plus the brush roller bogs down (this is what eats the belts). useless! the worst part is that i bought this for my elderly mother so she could continue living independently. made me look like a schmuck. ..apparently there are good ones and bad ones, so buy locally from a reputable store that will gracefully accept returns. or save yourself the aggravation and avoid this plastic pig
don't buy if you have a pet!.i bought the hoover u6439-900 based on the strength of a very positive review in consumer reports, and after careful research into feature/function.  additionally, my previous hoover performed well for many years without problem.  while the new cleaner picks up dirt exceptionally well, i wish i had not bought it!  it can't handle dog hair.  period.  ..when i use the powered hand tool to clean the stairs, it gets bound up with dog hair during every single use, sometimes even more than once during a cleaning.  i then have to completely disassemble the tool to remedy the situation.  the problem is that the hair (it only takes a couple of strands to bind the thing) works its way along the length of the brush and off onto the two end spindles that the brush spins on.  that causes the brush to stop spinning.  i can't believe that hoover would sell a product that has to be disassembled for maintenance during every use.  when i called their customer service, they told me that there was nothing wrong with the cleaner, that i was having "a natural problem with pet hair"!..in addition to the powered hand tool binding every time, the roller brush on the bottom of the cleaner gets bound up with dog hair.  this doesn't require maintenance with every use, as does the powered hand tool, but it does require far more frequent maintenance than any other cleaner i have ever used...don't buy this thing if you have a pet
self propelled problems.i have the u6433-900 which i believe is the same basic model as this.  it works good for me for the most part.  i have no suction problems or anything.  i bought it 2.5 years ago maybe and the cable connector broke for the self propelled feature.  i self diagnosed this problem, i could see that there is a cable when i fold the handle back and it is held on by a black plastic doo-hickie that is broken... i don't even want to know how much it is going to cost for a new black plastic doo-hickie when the machine will have to be taken apart for repairing.
not worth the money!.i've had hoovers for years.  my mom has had hoovers for years.  so it just made sense to just buy a hoover.  spent $300.00 on this model for the self-propelled feature and attachment with propeller brush for use on my stairs.  i don't think i've gotten the propeller brush to work more than once.  the book claims that the brush is propelled by suction force, meaning that the filter must be absolutely spotless to get the suction to operator the attachment.  i don't know...i've given up on this feature...too much detail to tell you everything i've done to get it to work.  it's been in the shop twice because of a major piece that broke off that didn't allow the brush to rotate anymore.  it was literally 12 months and 1 week old, which didn't qualify me to anything other than a big bill.  now, because the filter is so sensitive (is that a good thing or bad?), you have to clean the filter a couple of times before finishing each room or the suction weakens dramatically.  you don't realize you've lost suction power until you try to use the attachments around the baseboard.  then, when you try to dump the collection cup, it really is like the oreck commercial where it goes all over the place, unless you totally submerge it in a bag first.  i can't wait to have the money for another vacuum.  no more hoovers for me!  i'm done.  hoower, you can keep your vacuum.  for those that are happy, they probably haven't had the unit long enough.  give it time
disappointed.we bought these measuring cups to match our stainless steel and black kitchen in addition to our liking of oxo products. we haven't had a chance to use them enough to test the strength of the handles, but after 1 washing the metal cup rusted. i am not interested in cooking with rusty products. these are going back to bed, bath, and beyond for store credit
disappointing.yes, the handles are surprisingly bendy.  it is true that they don't bend as much if you hold them down by the cup instead of the end of the handle, but on the other hand, what is the point of getting "good grips" if you can't hold it by the grippy part?..also, the 1 cup is just that tiny bit too wide to fit comfortably in my kitchen drawer.  those of you who don't live in apartments, or who have kitchens less than 20 years old or so probably won't have this problem, however...i got these as a second set of measuring cups, because in some recipes you just don't want to stop in the middle to wash up.  i thought i wouldn't care that it didn't have the 2/3 and 3/4 cups in it.  i was wrong.  if you're thinking the same, think carefully
this machine sucks.we had an older model of this machine at our office and it lasted for a couple of years. last month we replaced it with this one and it's already going out.  dont waste your money.
too bitter.the millstone columbian roast had a weird bitter taste to it that i did not like...the folgers home cafe columbian roast tasted much better and i would recommend that
get a machine with a removable bowl.after owning a simac gelato machine for over 25yrs we finally got tired of sponging out the bowl. the musso is a similar machine, and will probably last forever just as our simac has, but keep in mind that you will be sponging out that bowl forever as well. ..of course the ice cream is great, all home made ice cream that is done well makes even the best commercial products seem 2nd rate by comparison, but for over $500 you should expect more than just good ice cream
junk.i've had 2 bread machines, so i guess they aren't know for durability. this one failed right out of the box. i sugest that you buy some one else's product......maybe one that isn't made in china
not worth the problems.i've owned this food processor for about 2 years.  today when i tried to use it the knob barely moved as food must have entered the mechanism.  then when i tipped it over i noticed there was a big melted hole in the bottom!  i'd rather pay more for a quality food processor which won't be a fire hazard
bought at target--and it was already used!!!!!.i had been researching processors for a while and was on a limited budget so i went with this one ($30 on sale). i got home so excited to check it out and it had a starnge discoleration on the blade shaft. i went on to investigate it and realized there was sticky, gross food all over it!!! outrageous! then i plugged it in, and of course it didn't work. i don't know what the people who owned it before me did to it, but it obviously couldn't take it. ..now i wonder if they just packed it up and returned it, or if target was responsible for this! no wonder it was on sale!
not a good buy.don't waste your money with this one.  yes, it is cheap.... but it is cheap in every sense of the word.  the very first time i used it, a part of the chute broke off.  i could still use it though, although food crumbs sometimes got everywhere.  today, a mere 6 months after purchasing, the small plastic part of the shredding attachment broke off completely.  this made my processor completely unable to shred or slice anything.  the chopper still works, but it's such a hassle to use i think i will just trash it and get a different model, from a different brand
this product stinks!!!.they sent me two of them and neither worked!!!!! neither would turn on!!!! don't waste your time and money!!!! do not order this product!!!! the people who wrote good reviews must have been on drugs, or paid by the company. what are the odds of getting two lemon machines? don't buy this piece of junk! i had other people try to get the food processor to work, just to see if there was some chance that i was an incredibly inept person by assuming that following the directions, plugging it in, and switching the machine to on, it was supposed to work. no one else could get the p.o.s. to work either. go to a real store and get one, that way you can easily take it back and test the thing in the store. that's what i'm doing next
not what i expected!.first of all i have to say that i love kitchen-aid.i bought this item just last week and i was very excited to bake in something i didn't have to grease.i baked a  cake and followed all the instructions and let the cake cool completely before unmolding it,i was extremely dissapointed to see my cake fall apart and half of it stuck to the mold.i'm going to return it and will never buy another silicone mold from kitchen-aid.this is the second silicone mold i try,the first one being that infomercial one.i think i'll stick to the old fashion way baking
good overall design, whistle fails.i purchased one of these kettles a couple of years ago and generally like it, especially the spout that opens automatically when you pour.  however the whistle is not durable.  i sent my first two back to oxo due to the whistle failing.  they graciously replaced the units with new ones, the second of which had a new design for the whistle.  however, it too failed within a couple of months.  i have followed the directions of not filling the kettle with too much water and only using medium heat to no avail...i have an electric stove so i have not had the handle-heating problem that others have mentioned...i cannot recommend this kettle as i feel it is dangerous to not have the whistle function properly.
poor workmanship.generally i love oxo products, but i was really disappointed with this one. shortly after receiving this as a wedding gift, the whistle stopped working...about 6 months later, the seam at the bottom began to leak. i don't remember reading anything about not leaving water in it, but it seems like you should be able to leave water in a teapot. i have a revereware teapot that is over 12 yrs old, i leave water in it all the time, and it works fine. the only reason i switched was i liked the wide mouth on the oxo so i can get inside to clean. i've gone back to the revereware
kitchenaid please open our wine as your cork screw won't.we used this cork screw for about 1 month before the screw broke off in a cork. (it wasn't even a hard plastic cork but an actual "cork" cork.)..you would think they would make these with a better quality steel screw..shame on you kitchenaid.
negative stars!.i purchased this corkscrew only one month ago, expecting it to be a lifetime lasting product.  wrong!  the corkscrew broke off while we were opening a bottle ~ the screw coming off in the cork, remaining beyond repair.  what a horrible product
looks nice, but don't try using it on flanged bottles.works fine for standard style bottles, but the collar actually cracked when using it to open a 1.5 liter bottle with a flanged top. poor design...i'm still nursing a painful finger that got pinched in the cracked collar
kitchenaid corkscrew.super heavy duty looking but broke after 9 uses.  the actual corkscrew broke off of the main shaft.  exceptionally poor design
not reliable quality.i guess i also got a defective torch!  it takes 10-15 tries to get the torch to light, and the flame is hard to keep lit, when it does stay lit, i can't seem to get any sort of melting without lighting the sugar on fire and charing it.  perhaps i'm using it wrong, but the directions are very vauge.  the ramekins are great, but the torch... ..do yourself a favor and do what the pros do, go down to your local hardware store and buy a butane torch.  it'll run you about $10, and the fuel is included.
don't buy this, read the reviews first!.i wish i'd read the reviews before i bought this thing.  you can spray a half gallon of no-stick spray in to these egg cups...it is moot.  it is impossible to clean the egg cups...soak them, spray them, scrape them.  i just tossed the entire thing in the trash and ordered a better made one, with non stick egg cups.  item is junk!  ..i can't rate this a zero on amazon's scale.  it is a big fat zero
bad product.my girlfriend bought this egg poacher online because we could not find one in the stores around here.  this poacher worked good for maybe 3 times then the eggs stared sticking to the so called "nostick" cups.  it doesn't matter what we do the eggs stick to the cups.  do not buy this junk
don't waste your time or money.i was happy with the egg poacher my parents had that is about 10 years old and it works 10 times better than this dinky piece of junk.  eggs stick to it no matter how hard you wash the plastic cups and you can't get the cups out easily.  i would have gotten more use out of my money by buring it and using it to try and poach eggs than to use this product
not farberware quality.don't waste your money or time. this poacher doesn't do what the package implies. the egg cups are plastic and besides the odor, the eggs stick no matter what you do. cleaning is impossible, and i doubt if the plastic is a healthy material to cook eggs in
hole to small - metal not plastic..can't use this stuffer. first, there was a sharp lip on the stuffer and i could not get the casings over it. when i finally did i had a hard time slidding the casing up because the plastic surface was to rough. the hole size was also to small. in my opinion the part should be made out of metal, which is smother. i ended up using my old hand crank unit
it's a stuffer - what can you say..i bought the whole kitchenaid system and thought that i would make some sausages.  there's not much thought to the stuffer (it's plastic)  however, the kitchenaid is not worth the effort.  1st: you can't just buy the stuffer, it has to be used with the grinder attachment; 2nd: when you install the attachment, on the counter, it extend the kitchenaid to about 6-7 feet in height (you'll have to climb up on the chair/table; 3rd: it does not stuff easily, meat goes all over the place (leeks through the attachment), the plunger does not plunge, meat sticks and it is hard to work with, you'll spend roughly 1/2 hour trying to get meat into the stuffer, into the sausage, and by the time 1/2 hour is over, you merely stuffed about 2 feet of sausages.  not user friendly at all...if you are looking for a sausage stuffer that works, by ronco.  i ended up using my sister's and it is great. super easy to use and stuffs in seconds
a disappointing afterthought accessory.the attachment fit well onto the grinder, however the design of the grinder hopper's "chimney" is fundamentally flawed (too narrow, too tall, and at a right-angle to the auger/feeder) for sausage stuffing.  the grinder is great - it has proven itself many times over.  however with sausage meat that is at all sticky or already been ground, stuffing is a very slow laborious process: when one tamps the sausage down into the grinder, a good deal of it comes back up...go ahead and use the kitchenaid to grind and mix your sausage--but to stuff casings get a manual stuffer with proper design
i find this spatula to be frustrating!.i bought this spatula from what the 1st reviewer had to say.....   but i don't find this to be such a great working spatula..the reason why is:. the long top half of the spatula is sooo soft, that when you put it into the jar/can to get everything out, it takes a few times,  because the spatula keeps bending under/over at the top. i find this very frustrating.grrrrr. that is why i gave it a 2 star... the only good i find is:. it eventually does work!.but i have other spatulas that do the same on the first try.. .   i can't figure out why i would want to use this for getting out cake batter from the bowl if the end is so soft, or for anything else!!. . i only bought this spatula to use for getting everything out of a can or jar, i have not tryed it for anything else... if i find this works better for other uses, i will be back with more feedback... if i felt this was worth the postage to return it, i would.
waste of money.i thought this would be a great thing to make french fries, but unless you're a strong man, it is impossible to push a potato through the cutter.  it cuts about  half way down and then sticks.  if you're lucky enough to get it all the way though, it won't push the extra half inch to get it off the cutter, so you have to cut it off anyway.  waste of time and money
had to return it..i'm surprised you requested this review because i returned the item.  they .were just what i wanted, color and all, but when i tried to put the dinner .plates in the dishwasher they only fit if i placed them using two spaces..this reduced the dishwasher capacity.  next problem surfaced when the same.dinner dishes didn't fit in my standard sized kitchen cabinet
defective design.the bakelite handle attaches to the side arms by two small screws on each side. the screws go through the bakelite and into the arms. when you press on the handle, you are pressing perpendicular to the screws and holes and they break. mine broke on third use. no easy way to fix since exact position of the bakelite handle is what makes sure both side arms stay aligned so the press is level
don't bother with this lemon.after reading all the reviews, i decided to purchase this sharpener over the thanksgiving day weekend thinking it would sharpen my henckel knives.  however, after reading all the directions and trying it on several older practice knives, i've decided to return it after it ate through my knives and/or making the knives duller than i thought possible...until they come up with a better electric sharpener or i choose to purchase the expensive chef's choice m130 professional knife sharpener, i guess i'll be returning to my whetstone
pfaltzgraff stoneware.our experience with this stoneware is pretty much the same as m. bringham's.  i would give a rating of zero if this was a choice..  we bought this pattern because my wife liked it, and her brother has had pfaltzgraff stoneware for years which he likes..  the first time i beat an egg in the bowl black marks appeared. then, every time we cut anything on the plates, more black marks appeared. .  we called customer service at pfaltzgraff and they did the same thing with us.  they blamed it on the nickel in our oneida stainless flatware and sent us a bottle of stoneware cleaner.  i suppose they figured we should use the phosphoric acid cleaner every time we used the dishes..  this was a couple years ago. i have always hated these dishes because of the ever increasing black marks..  as a last resort, we even bought pfaltzgraff flatware which is 18/0. i believe this indicates that it has no nickel in it. to my surprise, it also metal marks the dishes..  we decided to put these dishes where they belong, in the dumpster.  i wouldn't give them to anyone. we bought mikasa which doesn't metal mark..  save your money, buy a different brand.
won't buy this brand again.i replaced my old, never been chipped, stoneware set after 20 plus years to purchase this set.  the first month out of the box we already have several plates that have chipped and don't know when or how it happened.  we are an adult couple with no children and are not hard on our dishes.  i loved the pretty pattern but because of the silverware marks and easy to chip i can't recommend this stoneware to anyone.  very disappointed.
not wearing as expected.i have had this set for 1.5 yrs now.  i loved it when i got it as a christmas gift.  unfortunately, all of the pieces now are covered in silverware marks from everyday use.  i have tried the pfaltzgraff cleaner to no avail.  i have also tried to email pflatzgraff directly with no respone.  the set is now so bad i am going to have to replace it and try another brand.  overall, i am totally disapointed!! the set is beautiful but not worth the money
cheap quality.i bought this set when i got married, 3 years ago. i have to say that i'm really disppointed. i don't even cook everyday (don't tell my husband) and one lid's vent is not working properly and another is loose...and i haven't started to talk about the handles. in the picture the handles look sturdy but they are hollow, the silver piece at the top can come apart and the only way to put it back is to superglue it. all the handles are woobly already. ..i washed the pans in the top rack of my dishwasher which shouldn't have been an issue since it clearly state they are dishwasher safe.
overall quality.the lids are the most disappointing part of this set.  after normal use from washing and handling of the lid knob, they permanently start to become loose and fall off. i don't think it is repairable so the lid knobs probably has to be replaced/ordered new.  the other problem that had me rating item so low is that the handle become loose after normal use, and my attempt to repair/tighten the screw on the handles is unsuccessful.  the handle still remains wobbling a bit....especially on the pot with the 2 handles.
no longer functioning.my entire kitchen is comprised of kitchenaid appliances and utensils.  this can opener is the only kitchenaid item i have been disappointed with.  after about three can openings, the screw holding the two handles together broke apart rendering the can opener useless.  i'm working to get kitchenaid to provide a replacement can opener
good looking - poor performance.looks nice, pretty colors, solid, heavyweight.  but, after a few months my opener began to function poorly, the mechanism seemed to have loosened and it wouldn't open some cans.  now it doesn't work at all and i've thrown it out.  i'm disappointed in this expensive, good-looking, but, unexpectedly poor performing product.
don't waste your money, these are hit or miss at best.i love good italian wine, but try to limit myself to one glass a day for health reasons.  i purchased this gadget at a local wine store and assumed that meant it was useful.  that was a big mistake!  ..this gadget doesn't do anything including seal the wine in the bottle when stored on its side in the wine cellar. some of the time a bottle on its side won't leak, but it is just a likely to leak.  i tried buying another set of stoppers and having my husband seal them as well as myself.  no change made a difference.  sometime they work, and sometime they don't.  ..additionally, when you buy a nice brunello or a super tuscan do you really want to risk it become an expensive bottle of vinegar, i don't...i purchased the wine stoppers for my foodsaver and am much happier with those.  at least they don't leak.  although i do finish the bottle as quickly as possible just to sure
don't let your wife use it.this is the second vac-u-vin i have purchased - the last one at a winery in california. the first one worked great for a couple of months then one day, my wife was using it and it froze up. you couldn't pull it or push it - like it had gasket slip loose inside or something. you can't take them apart to see so we just bought a new one thinking it was defective. this one lasted less than 2 weeks. worked great, the wife tried it one day and poof, it wouldnt push or pull. i won't be buying them again (at least not with this wife).
poor quality.the table is very beautiful, but when i received the item it came without a door handle, enough screws, and without a track for the sliding tray (which is supposed to be a part of the wood- not something that you assemble).  the top also had a very bad dent in it, and some of the pre-drilled holes were too far apart.  i had to re-adjust them myself.  i was thoroughly disappointed with this purchase
apparently mine was the only defective one?.after reading all of these positive reviews and seeing the photos, i thought i had chosen a great product..when i recieved it, however, it was an ugly patchy brown and looked like it was poorly stained (and i am not that picky either -- it was in horrible shape). ..on top of that, the table was badly chipped during shipment and, in several places, split or broken. i returned it to amazon...i don't know if i just received a defective product or what. i was just very disappointed. with so many positive reviews, i'm surprised i received such an inferior item
wonderful, until the handle cracked.i purchased this wok for my husband's christmas present.  it was lovely, we cooked two meals in it christmas day.  nice heat transfer, beautiful on the table (but big).  that night, he noticed the handle was cracked where it meets the pan.  it's considerably narrower than the normal le creuset handle.  back it went to williams sonoma, where there were a few other l.c. woks with similar cracks!  phooey to you, le creuset...i wish i could find another glass lidded joyce chen wok - my old one was the best, before it was dropped one too many times
rattletrap.after reading a consumer survey of electric fans on slate's online magazine which rated this fan highly, i thought i'd try one. it has a small footprint, the review said it was both powerful and quiet, and none of my conventional standing fans have a remote control. so i bought one, eagerly assembled it and plugged it in. my first disappointment came when i discovered that it isn't that powerful and the wind generated is very directional due to the slit-like shape of the grill. after being in use for only about three hours, the fan began making an intermittent rattling noise, like there was some plastic or metallic object touching the fan blades. the vertical design is inferior to the good old rotary fan and if my unit is typical, the quality of manufacturing is poor. definitely not recommended
worst fan.this fan did not even work properly when it arrived.  we assembled it with ease and then the thing just rattled loud.  we tried to figure out what the problem was but ended with no results. the next step was to call to the manufacturer and we were kindly told that the product was discontinued a while back due to a manufacturing defect.  .lucky us- amazon still sold us the product!.its hopefully is some warehouse collecting dust, we only hope to get a refund soon
didnt last long.i have had this fan 14 months and it just stopped working.no rhyme or reason, one day it just stopped. we opened it to see if there was any noticeable reason but all wires seemed fine. up until then it worked great - quiet and circulated air well. i deliberately bought this model because it was more expensive and i wouldnt have to replace it all the time...oh wel
it sucks.i paid $60 for this fan and it gives the same amount of air that i get from a fan that i paid $9.99 for. it is definitely quiet and the remote control is very handy but it does not give enough air. 5ft away from the fan, i don't even feel the air. this is the reason i am returning it...on top of it, amazon took 15 days to ship it with free shipping but if i had paid for shipping then they would have shipped it in one day. this is not the reason i am returning it, i am just annoyed
i i should have listened....the reviews on this fan were mixed.  but i took a chance on buying one because of it's features, a 5 year warranty and it's seeming better quality.  i should have listened and taken to heart what other reviewers said.  one of the selling features of this fan was that it was supposed to be really quiet.  it wasn't.  several other buyers complained that it made a chipping noise.  mine did on high from the moment i plugged it in.  my biggest mistake was choosing a tower fan.  because of where i wanted to use it, a tower fan would work best.  i should have gone to a local store that sold tower fans and tried one out. i would have immediately discovered that it didn't move much air.  i was used to box and stand fans that had real power.  even this high priced tower fan did not.  it was a joke.  i found a great stand fan with a remote that is super quiet with great power for $10 less.  if you want a fan that really cools, keep looking. unhappy in la
seriously flawed.i was so happy with this machine the first two times i used it. the third time was a disaster. the milk foamer did not work. i have tried everything, but it still does not work.  any suggestions
review.this product came in with a green hugh.  it didn't match our existing set we had.
grinding it out....plusses: the percolator perks quickly and keeps the coffee quite hot - brews a good strong cup of tasty coffee. very few parts to break. nice light on the side to tell you when the coffee is ready...problems: we've tried everying to get rid of the coffee grinds and can't. we've tried paper filters, etc to no avail. my wife says that about 1/6 of the pot is grinds and each cup has a fair amount of grinds in them. she is not happy with the quality of this product and is returning it. just beware of this before you buy.
keep looking.i have owned two preso coffee percolators. the first one, stopped heating well after a year of daily use. the second one stopped heating well after three months. there is a weakness with the heating element, and even though this product is reasonably priced and has a ready/on light, i would keep looking
not the most efficient gadget.positives are that it is a sturdy, heavy, good-looking, loud and easy to read timer. however, while it's easy enough to set, it takes sooo long to set it compared to cheaper, lower quality timers. you have to turn the dial or press either button, wait for the numbers to show, wait for the hours to blink, turn the wheel to the desired hours, wait for the minutes to blink and then turn the wheel to the desired minutes. doesn't sound so bad but it takes a couple of seconds between each step before the numbers start blinking. as others reviewers stated, kitchen aid can do better
kitchenaid can do better.my kitchen is all kitchenaid so of course i had to have this, but as other commenters said - they can do better.  it's a pain to set, it's angle is awkward and you have to be right in front of it to see the display and at the right angle (i'm short).  and the beep isn't that loud.  there's no clock in it either.  the metal band around the outer rim corroded too so it doesn't look nice anymore...i have a non-kitchenaid timer that's got the clock, 2 timers, a button to set h/m/s seperately, and shows you how long it's been since you missed the beep that beeps for over a minute.  i use this one more.  (i think it's an older west bend model
not loud enough.i'm not sure the timer i receib=ved works properly. the timing mechanism dseems accurate, however, the sound it makes when the time is up is more like a "ticking". if you are nor right near it, you'll never hear it
very "quiet" timer......a nice heavy timer, but even when i put it in the same room that i'm in, i usually do not hear the timer if there is any other sound going on - voices, tv, radio, etc.  i've had two other timers - that eventually wore out from use - i rate this below average
screwpull product may break a bottle at the  neck.my screwpull caused a wine bottle to break at the neck. if the device is not perfectly aligned with the bottle, it may place too much pressure on the glass bottle. the break happened while pulling the handle up to remove the cork. it left a gagged neck which may have been dangerous. ..may be wise to search for another model.
don't bother.worked fine for about a dozen bottles, then broke.  same thing happened with one my mother-in-law bought for herself.  i would not recommend
this product didn't live up to expectations.i purchased this pad after reading a review here with the hope that this was the answer to my sleeping problems associated with premenopause. it didn't seem to keep me cooler when i got hot, and it didn't warm me when i was cold. i'm sending it back
great concept, but canister needs to be redesigned..i have had four of these, and three have failed.  the first two developed cracks, and i suspect that the dishwasher, in which i only washed the bottom part of the marinator as advised, warped and weakened them.  after buying two more, the first two having been relegated to the potting shed as seed-starters, i have handled them with kid gloves so to speak, (no dishwasher), and the seal on one fails to hold for even a few hours.  so far, so good with the fourth one.  whoopee. these are not cheap items, and even if they were less costly, a 75% failure rate is quite unacceptable.  if they really functioned as they should, they would be fabulous for not only marinating in short order, but storing other items as well.  all the round canisters and the wide-mouth jar sealer work exceedingly well, but i'll not buy any more "marinators" until there is a successful improvement in design
unhappy customer.it is difficult to review an item that amazon has twice failed to deliver,.although all carriers arrive weekly with all types of other purchases
start button.except for the non functioning start button, this travel coffee and tea brewer is great. a start button is kinda essential though - in my experience with three zelco's, the button just doesn't work.
it won't hold an edge.i bought this as a replacement for a damaged wusthoff slicer. it was a total waste of money. even slicing poultry, it simply will not stay sharp. other knives get honed on a monthly basis, but this one needs to be honed three times in a single turkey slicing job! it is quot;outa herequot;!
better than a blade grinder, but not built to last..our unit lasted a little less than a year with daily use. before breaking (more on that later) it performed only... okay. certainly better than the whirly-blade grinders, but don't think that you'll get the equivalent performance of a $200 machine. grounds are less uniform and the poster that mentioned the fine powder, no matter the setting, is absolutely right. ..build quality is certainly not top-notch, which is expected at this price point. build quality is to blame for the failure of our unit - there is a column at the bottom of the bean reservoir and the top plate of the grinding mechanism is attached to the bottom of that column. beans flow from the reservoir, through the column and in to the grinder. while the top grinding plate is metal, the column that it is attached to is plastic - this is the part that broke on my unit, rendering the unit completely useless. ..buy this unit if you don't want to spring for something four times as expensive, but be aware that it'll have less than 1/4 of the life-span of the more expensive unit and it'll be outperformed by a noticeable margin.
fine functionality, terrible quality..i am on my second cusinart dbm-8. the first one lasted a little over a year, then just stopped working. the cost of fixing it was more than the cost of a new one, so i purchased another. this morning, when i got up to make some coffee, i find that this new one is now not working.  i have had it for about 9 months. so, two dbm-8's, average life, 11 months. ..it used to be that appliances lasted forever, that is no longer the case. cuisinart also used to be a name associated with high quality products, that is also no longer true. i would recommend not purchasing this product.
loud!.weve had this unit for three months and i cant wait for it to break. my wife actually has to grind the beans the night before because using the grinder in the morning will wake up the entire family. the unit itself works great, but the volume is completley unacceptable
no idea how it works.i bought this because it appeared to be a mug but it somehow is meant to attach to a blender but not mine that i can see. frankly i want to send it back
false induction advertising.i bought this 6 months ago in preparation for using it on a newly installed induction cooktop.  i believed the advertising and did not check magnetic test when it arrived  well got the cooktop, tried the griddle and when it did not work, found out why, it is not made for induction as advertised.  totally rediculious to have it promoted and advertised on outside of box that it is usable for induction, so now have a lovely griddle,totally unusable, wasted money
misrepresentation of item.the innova griddle states that it is induction compatible, yet it will not accept a magnet.  this is false advertising.  induction cooking will not work if the metal is not ferrous and from the iron/steel family.  prior to purchase, i sent amazon.com an e-mail specifically asking if the innova griddle would work on induction cooktops.  i requested that someone take a magnet and place it on the bottom, and let me know if it adheres.  well, they said it was good for all cooking surfaces and will work on induction.  the box says it will work on induction.  that is not true.  it will not accept a magnet, and when i tried it on my cooktop hob, i received the signal of no contact which means that it will not work and no cooking can possible take place.  ..do i blame amazon.com or innova for this major error?  to add insult to injurt, amazon.com sent me an e-mail that after returning it, i had to pay for the shipping.  no way!  i pay for my mistakes, not for yours.  i am a very dissatisfied customer...robert p. horto
i'm on my second one.they both have cracked on the sides where the blades join the plastic. this is not acceptable. i tried a stainless steel model but it is very heavy and not sharp so it needs lots of force. any other suggestions? i can't keep spending $7 for a product that keeps breaking. oxo are you listening
junk!!!.i bought 2 of these because i eat a lot of apples and pears. both of them split on the sides within 6 months. these oxo units 'look' like they are sturdier, better quality than other plastic units, but they aren't. if you use a corer/divider on a regular basis, don't waste your money on these; go for an all stainless steel unit instead
machine is not durable..after about 1 year of use the pump failed.  as the machine had made acceptable coffee and it looked good on the counter, i spent $60 for service.  about 3 months after that, the control knob stripped.  well, i've learned my lesson, and will go for a more reputable maker, like gaggia or rancilio
waste of money.i was so proud when i bought this machine as i felt now i could have a good espresso without leaving home.  i am now ready to put this thing to the side of the road.  it seriously lacks heat and pressure to make a good espresso.  oh, it's probably better than a normal coffee maker, but way overpriced for what it delivers.  if you want a good cup of coffee, try a french press.  if you want an espresso, well i wouldn't recommend this.
can't use with dlc5 unless ordering adt'l part.amazon recommended this accessory when i bought the dlc5.  after receiving it i found that the spindles are permanently attached to the shredder and slicer blades that came with the unit.  (i'm not sure how you store those very efficiently!)  now i have the adt'l slicer blade with no spindle.  i have to do some research to find a spindle see if it will fit the dlc5 food processor.  i'm in limbo
doesn't fit cuisinart dlc5 processor.although amazon recommends it as an accessory for the dlc5, it doesn't fit. it lacks the post that the dlc5 disks have.  it's probably a fine disk for the processors it fits
not that silent.this fan isn't as silent in operetion as i used to think of vornado. by the way, they are not made exclusively in usa anymore they do them in china now. it is not quite even on slowest speed. vornado good humidifiers, as for fans i am not sure right now
nowhere near 70 feet.i bought this fan because of the great reviews, and what people were saying about it and the other small vornado fans, so i ordered one, one of my fans died a few days before recieving my 630, i went out and spent $19.99 for a 12" holmes fan that out-performs this thing, plus after shipping cost the 630 is over 3 times my 19.99, it may blow 70 "cubic" feet but nowhere near 70ft not even 20ft and as far as quiet ? not, i thought this fan was a step up from the 5 series, im guessing that maybe the 5 is better than the 6 ? i will also never believe a 5 star rating again, im very disappointed, i would give it 4.5 stars for looks, 2 star for cost vs performance............. .after owning it for few more days i find it a little better then first review, i would give it *** 3 stars, i find it works best on mediu
great when they are new, but....hey no doubt about it... when these things are new, they absolutely move air better than anything around.  but... (you knew one was coming, didn't you) they are not built to last.  over time, their maximum speed just gets slower and slower.  eventually they just give out (very true of the small and midsize units, much less so for the larger ones).  so while i'm a fan of the vornado fans, i cannot recommend them without reservation.  if money is no object, by all means go ahead.  just know that in 3-4 years, you will be replacing it (or putting in the pile to goodwill).  if you're on a budget, i'd say you need to look elsewhere.  fans should last 10 years minimum in my book.  these don't.  wish things were different
time and usage developed failure.i too was swayed to buy krups. read some of the background and felt the engineering would be faultless. overtime my model 466 began to leak. small amounts but a coffee mess and mild stain under the coffee maker. the filter (internal) seemed to be used up so i discarded it as i currently use filtered water. during the steps required to set up the coffee pot, the handle on the carafe became strained and broke in two places. fortunately the carafe was empty so no injury. apparently, over time, heat causes the handle on the carafe to become brittle. maybe i was asking more out of a $50.00 coffee pot than i should. it did consistently make good coffee. i used the pot several times a day
dissatisfied, am returning both items purchased!!!.this is my first purchase on amazon and i am satisfied with the timely delivery of my purchased product. however, i am very dissatisfied with the quality of this product. first, the removable rear casing, which allows access to the filter, does not fit properly on both units i purchased. once the rear casing is removed it takes some force to get it back into place. secondly, amazon promotes this product to operate with "whisper-quiet operation". this statement is a farce. this product produces much more noise than my upright rotary house fan, both in the turbo setting and the quiet setting. i have made the mistake of purchasing two (2) of these honeywell enviracare 60000 tower air purifiers for my family. i will not make the mistake of keeping them and will be returning them very shortly. this product is best used as a stationary low speed fan. please note, in both the turbo and quiet settings this item does not produce the ionization  filtration that you expect when comparing this item with other similar items retailing at the same msrp listing. third, this products filter is not sanitary. the filter is of a honeycomb designed column that when cleaning you merely tap out the debris, vacuum and replace for further use. the core of this filter is impossible to access for thorough cleaning. again, i can't believe the fact that this product claims to operate under "whisper-quiet operation" and it is hard to believe that honeywell and amazon dare to promote this item as being able to retail for $179.00. i am not being paid to criticize this product and am an independent consumer who thinks people should know the facts of this product
useless.i purchased this air filter a few weeks ago. apart from being very noisy, it was totally ineffective. after running for two weeks, the filter still has not collected any dust! i didn't research enough before buying an air purifier, but now realize that hepa is the only way to go if you actually want to purify your air, not just move it around.
poor product worse customer service.i received the 5 qt bowl lift stand mixer for a christmas gift...it's performance was pathetic from day one but we managed to limp along for six months before it quit altogether. it's elliptical orbit was supposed to make better contact with the food it was mixing, but instead it made contact with the bowl, scratching it and completely throwing the bowl off it's pins. you could not begin to hold the bowl on to the machine even with both hands! it would heat up, give off the 'hot electrical' smell and quit...when we called kitchen aide, their *first* response was that it was 'operator error.' sorry folks, but after being a professional cook, i am smart enough to snap a bowl in place over two pins and a button spring-snap at the back. it was insulting on top of having to cope with a mixer that did not live up to even the least of my expectations...we called them and they sent a replacement. it worked two weeks, got hot and quit in the middle of mixing 5 cups of bread flour. and the same little snippy customer dis-service agent *argued* that a 5-quart mixer should not have to handle that load. for thirty minutes she tried to force us to believe that it was user error.. .she then had the audacity to suggest we make *half a pizza*, wait half an hour and make the other half of the pizza. what planet does she live on? a $300 machine can't make a single crust pizza? does that mean i make a half of a loaf of bread  at a time, too? that machine should make half a dozen loaves of bread every day of the week for years for that kind of money...we asked to speak to a supervisor and read the instructions right off of page eleven to her. the book said no more than '12 cups' of flour. so five cups of bread flour is too much when the instruction booklet says 12? hummph! and hogwash! and they suggested that the machine should not run for more than six minutes at a time. . .six minutes? six minutes?..what if i had been making a really stiff dough like pasta? oh, yeah, that's right. . .it wouldn't make semolina pasta dough at all when i tried it. . .that's right 2 1/2 cups of semolina would not mix and knead on a $300 machine enough to run through the pasta extruding attachment we purchased separately. ..how about trying to grind sausage in six minutes? that isn't going to happen in this life time either. save your money and skip the attachments even if you break down and buy the mixer...the oster kitchen center we had mixed 8 cups of flour for 3 loaves of bread at a time at least 3 days a week for nearly 20 years with no complaints from it or me (plus using the blender, ice cream, food processor, shredder and grinder attachments) until i finally wore it out. . .not the motor, mind you. . .the connector that held the attachments to the motor was so worn down that it was unusable, but the motor fired up just fine. and, yes, it routinely made double batches of semolina pasta dough that i ran through my hand cranked atlas pasta machine...yeah, they are sending us a new machine, but we don't think we should have had to go through this plus they do not guarantee that it will be any better than the two we have had already.  . .and we certainly should not have to had to argue for half an hour that a five quart machine can't handle five cups of king arthur bread flour
there are better..........ways to juice!  was excited about this attachment, but found it awkward to use. slow and juice will run down your arm unless you hold the citus just right. for large amounts found myself cleaning strainer quite often before i could proceed with juicing process, can do large amount of juice with my other juicer without pausing. used this a few times but found my small electric juice was quicker. imho better to put your money with a better juicer.  will give away this attachement to anyone who wants to try it!
gravity is your friend, but not with this attachment.we love our mixer and bought the juicer attachment because it would take up less storage space than the other citrus juicers. that and the mixer's powerful motor are the good parts about getting this attachment...the bad part is that you must push horizontally to juice the citrus.  this has three bad consequences:.1.  if you push hard, the mixer will move away.  you need to hold onto the mixer with one hand to keep if from moving while you are juicing.2.  the juice wants to flow downhill.  if your hand is not above the orange or lemon, some of the juice will dribble down your hand and arm.  it gets messy pretty quickly..3.  as the juice comes out, some splatters.  the attachment is only about two inches deep, so that splatter ends up on the counter.  because of the splatter, juicing into a glass doesn't work well...as others have commented, the strainer fills rather quickly...hopefully the attachment will last a long time, although it does feel a little flimsy compared to other kitchenaid attachments.  if it does break, i'd buy the braun mpz22 juicer next time.  my parents (who have orange and lemon trees) have one and i liked it much better.  the braun is one of the few juicers that juices right into your glass.  pushing down instead of horizontally to juice the orange or lemon is easier, and a lot less messy.
doesn't stay down!!.i bought this to replace our aging toaster that was fine except too small for things like bagels and could only toast 2 slices at a time.  i figured this looked like a good deal and i trusted the cuisinart brand name.  from the first time we used it the toaster activation slide wouldn't stay down.  we would have to push it down 3-4 times at least before it would stay down.  many times it wouldn't even work so we would give up.  i ended up having to take the toaster apart myself and sand the carbon buildup off of the contacts so it would work at all!  when the toaster was gracious enough to work it would generally burn one side of the toast and undercook the other.  this is a prime example of trying to make something simple too complicated and then not being able to perform the function it was designed for in the first place.  i guess i've learned that i don't care how many microchips and settings my toaster has if it won't even stay down
skip this one-it doesn't toast well.google this model and see all the "reconditions"! uneven toasting, burned edges and white middles. i bought this model and 1 year later it shuts itself off and sparks. amazon should not be selling these anymore.
love cuisinart cookware, but not toaster..even though this toaster worked marginally well during its first four months of use; toasted unevenly but it did not burn, it now(in  its sixth month, is now sparking and shuts off automatically). i thought the cuisinart name transferred to other products, but i was wrong. will not buy a toaster from them again
piece of sh*t.well i ordered this for my girlfriend for one of her xmas gifts. i received it today.  i took it out of the box and noticed several scratches and obvious food stuck in various places on the outside.  nothing a damned towel couldn't clean off for christ sake.  how difficult would it have been for them to clean the damn thing before shipping?  i plugged it in and immediately realized it was broken before it was even shipped.  the plunger handle used to lower toast would not stay down, and it made this constant clicking sound when held and the lights kept flashing on it.  i put bread in it and tried it again.  still the same thing. so i printed out a ups label and i am returning this piece of [...
poorly designed.these things are very thin, thinner than a dime.  imagine putting your fingers through the loops and squeezing on the business end of a butter knife.  they are extremely uncomfortable.  they look nice, the 18/8 steel is nicely polished, but functionally they are useless
cuisinart can opener with abs handle, black.the can opener is good overall, but the handle it not what i expected.  it is unconfortable and does not form to my fingers when turning
no substance.does not give customer information about the food for the parrots.i find this to be highly inferior. in my opinon false advertising. this customer rating could be incorrect
leaks with slow poor service on warrenty.i bought this as a guest bed so didn't find out that it leaks through the night until after the 30 money back period was over.  to return it i had to cut out the heavist part and send it in at my own expense.  i am supposed to recieve a new one but it's been weeks now with no word.  this is a poor quality product with poor customer service behind it.   ..very unimpressed and will never buy another aerobed product
hot,heavy,loud,dirty, no suction.this thing gets hot, it is loud, and you must empty it before you use it every time or it will have no suck, it is dirty to empty you open the top and dump it over a trash can and no mater how hard you try dirty dust and dirt goes everywhere ooh yea you haft to scrape the screen with your nails and never fails  while you are emptying over the trash can the filter always falls into the trash can this vac sucks it is totally heav
worst vacuum i've owned (by far!!).my wife and i have been through four of this vacuum in the past 18 months! seriously...four!! kudos to wal-mart for being so willing to exchange them for us, but this is ridiculous. we have no children and 2 cats. it's not like we're running a day-care here or anything! each of the 4 have been great out of the box, but haven't made it beyond 8 or so uses. two of them broke (one on the handle, and the other on the bottom wheels), and the other 2 just literally died! the one that just died is still smoking as i write this. 5 years ago, you used to be able to buy an awesome vacuum (i.e. phantom) for $150...now it seems that you must spend $300+...so be it...but not with hoover
worked ok - until it died on me.i thought this was a great food processor - until one day i put my lettuce in the feed tube, pressed the pulse button, and nothing - dead.  it comes with a warranty, but i've tried to call the cuisinart number and i get a busy signal every time.  i have only had the thing for less than 4 months.  i would never recomend this product to anyone, nor will i buy from cuisinart again
leaks!.i am in total agreement with the previous reviewer and would like to add that this thing leaks.  it might have something to do with the fact that the top lid doesn't really fit correctly, but every single time i pour from this pitcher water gets everywhere.  just awful
major design flaws.sharp design, only problem is they put form over function when designing it.  first problem, if the water hasn't drained completely from the upper (non filtered) basin, and you try and pour the pitcher, the unfiltered water pours out with the filtered water.  second problem, when you fill it up, if you let the water overflow the basin, the first thing it does is drain into the filtered basin.  in the older round designs, the upper basin was water tight with the lid on, so you could pour out filtered water before the upper basin was empty.  if you overflowed the upper basin the water would got over the side and not into the filtered basin.  this allowed the user to set it under the sink and not have to stand there for 30 second to shut off the water.  they took a definite step backwards with this design.  it's really amazing that in the year 2005, such bad product design is still making to the store shelves
maybe it's just me....but i don't think this spatula is worth the $14.99 i paid for it. it is not "non stick" for me, even my eggs stick to it. it's not the right angle for me - the little lip at the front is annoying and i just found a spatula shaped exactly the same at target and they called it a "fish turner." anyhow, i'm still on the search for a spatula i love as much as my old one...that they don't make anymore, of course! i would not buy this spatula.
short lived product.i started off with this model and the atkins diet, and loved it for its ease of use and the tilt design.  clean up is definitely not easy after the first 2 or 3 uses, but one trick that works is to unplug the unit and shortly after, wet a paper towel, close it up in the unit and allow it to steam (it will not burn).  the steam allows almost anything to wipe away easily.  unfortunately, after each use, we noticed more and more teflon chipping away.  i insisted my family was abusing it and finally had to get rid of it because there was so little teflon left making sticking during cooking and cleaning a nightmare.  my son purchased a new fancier model for me for christmas and no one used it but me.  once again, the teflon is beginning to chip away.  i'm looking into a real indoor grill now, perhaps delonghi, and not an imitation
not all that it promises....the george foreman grill is a good idea lacking in a number of areas:..1) instruction booklet does not explain anything in much detail (i.e. what's the orange light for?)..2) no on/off switch..3) tabs on bun warmer cover broke after the second time using it!.4) burgers/meat need to be mighty small to fit two side-by-side..5) a lot of the flavor drains off with the fat (gets "dry" too)
not well made.i'm giving this 2 stars because it works great for small and quick meals. however, after my third use, the lever to the warming lid broke off. now it is secured with duct tape. yucky. after the sixth use, the back of the unit, the white coated metal is now a burnt brown color. makes me nervous that it gets hot enough to color the body so quickly! as with any appliance, do not leave unattended
good while it lasted.worked great for grilling fish and meat - not so good for chicken. died soon after the 1 year warranty expired
not happy.after my husband used this pan once it was all scratched up.  at first i blamed him becaues he used a metal spoon to on the pan which can be a bad thing. but then after washing it a few times (by hand, mind you), i noticed that even the rough side of the sponge stratches it!
bad temp indicator/inpossible to get extender panels 4".the temp indicator is off and do not work right. i was unable to find the 4" extender panels only 3.5". the fan comes with the 4" panels but no one has them or making them. over all i was disappointed with the bionaire, bw2300, window fan...ig
don't waste your [money].this product seemed pretty good. i admit i wasn't expecting it to last very long, but certainly more than 3 months! despite handwashing it, it rusted -- in every crevice and intersection, rendering it unusable as far as i was concerned. plus 2 of the protective foot covers fell off within hours of having it. so i advice everyone to spend a little more and get a higher quality, stainless steel, cooling rack
suited for 99 cents stores.this should be sold at 99 cent stores. non-uniform surface. i can not imagine royal albert is making these junks. i wanted to return this but postage and restocking fees was the reason for not returning. stay away from these since they are made in china and not england anymore. minus 5 stars (-5*) is what i rate this peace of junk
was not able to get this item.i received a message that stated this item was no longer availabl
made in china.need i say more!  find this piece made in england, not china, i don't recall any english patterns being valued coming out of china.  english craftmanship is what drove the cost of the english china and when you pay 10.00 for piece you are paying for a piece from the ***** or sold on *****.  anyway if you are interested in the real thing not the ***  imitation look for made in england the made in china junk will not last the test of time
totally disenchanted.i recently received the ocr cake plate and server what a piece of junk this is not the old old country rose. the glaze was pitted and uneven this piece can't the propertly cleaned due to pits. when i stated i wanted to return the piece i was told i had to pay return postage. so buyers beware of the new old country rose it is not the same. ask yourself way so many people have new for sale. i would give it a -5 rating but this system won't allow that
don't waste your money !.in my opinion - an absolute piece of junk. the handle kept pulling off the unit while in use, it took three charges and wouldn't recharge after that. i had to keep going over popcorn kernels several times before it picked up. what a waste of my time and money
siz is too small.it says this is a 2 burner grill pan but that is so wrong. it does not cover 2 burners it sits in the middle of each burner causing the handles to be right ove both burners. very dissapointing, i love the le creuset normally and was really looking forward to having a grill pan made by them. unfortuanatelly due to the shape it will not work for just one burner either. hopefully they will come out with an updated one, until then my search for a good 2 burner grill pan continues
its ok.i just purchased a glass top stove and bought this because of the protective bottom. however, after using it several times, i would choose a different grill because of the following reasons:.#1 the spatter mess - there is virutally no way to prevent splatter when using this pan creating an unneccessary amount of post-cooking clean-up..#2 there is no option of purchasing a lid.#3 the pan itself has an odd rectangular shape that does not fit on one burner or two for that matter. thus, somewhere while cooking you have a cool spot
poor quality for chicago cutlery.i purchased the knife based upon the reputation of chicago cutlery products, was very disappointed when the knife arrived, it was chipped and has since started to rust on various sections of the blade.
great knife if you want a dull one.i had high hopes when i bought it.  after cutting two onions and a slice of stake, the knife is dull.  i am shopping for another one now.  it looks like the knife has built in child saftey features
bad product - worse customer service.this vacuum is quite loud, did not have a whole lot of suction, and seemed to run down the battery within minutes of use. trying to replace a part was a nightmare. though their customer service person was polite enough, and tried to be helpful, it was clear that she knew very little about the product. and, it took months... to get the wrong part. we gave up
horrible.seemed like a good idea at the time, but i can't remember the last time i was this disappointed in a product.  right out of the box it worked okay, but within a week it was useless.  just no suction whatsoever.  forget using the extension hose; you can put your hand right against the opening and barely feel it.  wish i'd never wasted the money on this-- it's going right out to the trash and i've only used it about 3 times
euro-pro means " imported lemon" in english/french.euro-pro has achieved a design first - they have developed a suctionless vacuum cleaner that becomes a room heater!..i had the misfortune of purchasing one of these cleaning(?)implements in spite of reading the tepid to abominable amazon reviews.  in fairness i made this traumatic purchase from a tv buying network after being swayed by the product demonstration (which i discovered later bares no resemblance to the the actual in use performance of the machine)......this is the worst vacuum cleaner i have ever used and that includes ac vacs where there was no electricity in the house.  this unit actually throws debris back on the carpet that you have collected in an earlier task even when the micro vacuum collection chamber is one third full...i must admit that i also purchased the ac version of this turkey at an earlier time so should have been forewarned.  its motor burned out after two attempts at cleaning up a small area.  i have spent more money in return shipping costs for these two "implements of cleaning frustration" than i have for the cost of the two vacuums put together...as they say "fool me once, shame on you - fool me twice, shame on me".  i will never purchase a euro-pro product of any kind again and that is a promise...the fault in this case is the internal vacuum design - a small perforated collection cup located in front of the motor/suction section. as the tiny holes in this collection cup plug up the suction rapidly decreases.  if you continue to vacuum the unit heats up and eventually the motor burns out.  ..enough said....
looked good until i brought it home.at first this seems to be a good product. however, after bringing it home and trying it, i find this unit has a few problems.  . 1. replacement parts such as batteries and filters don't exist.  . 2. the battery does not hold a charge, so it must stay plugged in when not in use.  . 3. works fair but i have had better units for less money.  . 4. went to sharkvac's web site and this model does not exist, they have no telephone numbers to call them, they aren't listed in any yellow pages. makes me wonder about keeping this unit and i would not recommend it to anyone.
sucks!.this toaster sucks! i bought it while i was in school. it barely functioned brand new and i threw it out after a month. i say save your money and buy something that will acutally toast!
broke after one month.....it worked fine for one month (we were using it twice a day), but then the handle would not stay down when we tried to use it.  we can still use the toaster, but we have to hold the handle down ourselves and have to determine when to shut it off...bottom line: poor quality.  would not recommend
if i could give this zero stars i would!.i have one question: did the people at toastmaster ever bother to even test this product before they put it on the market?..i didn't want to buy an expensive $75 toaster and didn't want that four slice kind that takes up half your countertop so i thought this would do.  it has never worked since it came out of the box.  a quick look inside will tell you why it doesn't toast evenly.  one side has several heating coils and the other has 3 !  duh!   the crumb tray is worthless and the spring action is defective.   this was $12 thrown away.  buy a better model
cheap is not always a savings.the toaster has a flimsy spring action. it doesn't always stay down when pushed. i would suggest spending a little more and getting something more dependable. (it toasts fine
okay for your 1st toaster, but your $ could be better spent.we registered for this for our wedding, and after about 5 months of use, we realized we needed to upgrade.  if you want a toaster for your first apartment and can't afford anything else, then this will do.  it does the job.  it always toasted both sides of my toast.  if you can spare even $30, you can get a much better toaster...my biggest complaint is that this does not collect crumbs at all.  i am constantly cleaning crumbs off my counter.  i upgraded to a 4-slice model for around $30, and i haven't seen a crumb in months...also, the handle was sticky and sometimes you can't get it to stay down well...this is going to the salvation army.  hope you get a better one if you are in the market for a new toaster
get something better.i purchased this toaster, because i wanted something cheap and affordable.  i am going to buy something more expensive that actually works.  the toastmaster only browns on one side and leaves the other side completely untoasted.  the crumb collector (that thing at the bottom of the toaster that collects all the crumbs--i forget the real name of it) doesn't work very well.  i have crumbs all over my counter all the time.  .so, maybe someone less fortunate than myself will find this toaster useful, as i am giving it away to goodwill
save your money! buy a better toaster!.i bought this toaster because it was so cheap. big mistake. the first time i used it, the toast wouldn't stay down. i kept seeing blue flashes which kind of scared me. after using it for a few weeks i realized it toasted very unevenly. i'd had it for about a month when it completely broke. it wouldn't stay down, and even when i held the lever down, it wouldn't come on. stupid piece of crap toaster. negative five hundred stars
toasts one side at a time.not only does it only toast one side, it takes several attempts to make the bread stay down to be toasted.  the blue flash at eash attempt is not some thing i care to see in an electrical appliance. the plastic case does stay cool, but as a toaster, it isn't much
only scores in looks....i was really looking forward to this lapavoni grinder so when it turned out to be a dud it was a big disapointment to me.  .my previous grinder worked fine for a for a few years.  maybe the best thing about that machine was it didn't over-promisse -- the only thing you could adjust was the coarseness of the grind, and that worked fine.  it's only shortcoming was you had to hold the on button for the duration of the grinding process, but since that was was usually less than a minute it wasn't too annoying..the la pavoni promisses to grind the "right amount per cup" and has a setting for that but unfortunately that is totally ficticious!  it's "fine to coarse" grind scale is equally ridiculous, all it manages to produce is coffee ground medium fine to dust fine.  it also somehow manages to spray ground coffee on the counter.  in brief, it irritates me each and every morning!!  i can get there without buying a grinder
no good for course grind (french press)."the" reason i bought this grinder was for course ground for my french press.  this grinder mixes in finely ground coffee with the course grind.  i get accumulation of fine ground at top corner of the collection bin, on top of the coursely ground coffee.   this makes icky coffee using a fr. press.   whereas coffee ground in a store results in properly course ground coffee for my press. .pavoni tech support (in new york - not italy) (okay he had a ny italian accent and tried to be helpful), tried to convince me the problem was my choice of coffee (i.e. large coffee retailer whose roasting makes their beans too oily.  i tried some other brands but same problem. the grinder clearly shoots out finely ground coffee mixed in with the course grind.  cleaning the blades, etc. did not help.  this gringer is a no-go for use with french press
total junk.i purchased this somewhat pricey ironing board hoping to get a really well designed, solid ironing board for our apartment.  the pictures looked good and the integrated cord feature seemed clever...it took more than a month for amazon to actually ship this item and on receiving it today, at long last, i am utterly disappointed.  here are the problems:..(1) the legs are significantly out of balance and the surface is not level, so the entire board is crooked and it wobbles a great deal, even on thick carpeting...(2) materials used do not provide the feeling of quality (or even utility).  even though the board is not lightweight, the ironing surface is quite flimsly.  applying pressure/weight to the tip area causes the whole board to bend down!  the plastics used appear to be the least expensive materials known to man...(3) even though the entire board was sealed in plastic, there is some sort of dirt all over it and scratches all over the place.  where was this thing made?..instead of being the clever, high-design ironing tool i imagined this to be, it is unfortunately a poorly designed, poorly constructed, clunky piece of junk... i am so aggravated and will be returning it asap...$19.95 would be a more appropriate price for this item
defective controls.this was a great toaster, until it starting turning itself on.  after popping up the toast a few minutes later the heating elements will come back on.  kitchenaid has a recall on their proline series with the same problem but there is no recall on this model, yet...don't bu
good for 4 years.i've had this toaster for four years now. it just started going down hill recently. .-it started toasting too darkly on the settings i had consistently used for years. .-the digital setting knob no longer works, it is stuck on 4. .-it only shuts off when manually popped up. .i have to agree with other reviews that said it doesn't toast very even. i've noticed this in my four years of use. .so if your willing to pay the price for it to last 4 years get it. if not, try another with better reviews
i hated it!!.this was the biggest disappointment i've experienced with an appliance, especially a kitchenaid.  i got the attachment as an x-mas present and was so excited to try it.  i never got one piece of pasta that was usable.  i couldn't get my dough dry enough to not stick together in one messy clump. i don't think kitchenaid ever tested this machine.  horrible!  i threw it away
made my motor smoke!.the first time i used it with a single batch of pasta, the motor got very hot.  smelled a little too.  got me worried...but not so worried that i didn't try it again, weeks later.  i made a double batch.  again, the motor heated up  was smelling.  a little way into the second batch, it started smoking.  i stopped it, and will not use it again, especially after reading what others have posted...i am worried that i have or will soon wear out my motor.  my mixer is just under a year old.  i hope they stand by their warranties. ..i can't believe i am giving a ka product a *1*, but i am.  save your money  your motor!!!!..edited to add:  kitchenaid replaced my mixer (artisan) because it was still within the 1 year warranty.  i did not have my sales receipt, but they could tell the manufacture date from numbers on the bottom of the machine.  i will not be using the pasta attachments with my new machine!
i wish i had read the reviews here first and saved my $$$.i didn't bother coming here first because amazon won't ship this attachment to australia...anyway, i finally got the thing the other day, after a lot of trials and tribulations, from a local store that was able to get it for me. and after all the effort and waiting to get it, what a huge letdown. i honestly expected more from kitchenaid...i have not used the grinder to grind - i didn't need a food grinder. i only purchased it to make pasta, and the plates are made to be used with the food grinder only...i have worked as a professional cook, have successfully made hundreds or maybe even thousands of kilos of from-scratch fresh pasta in my life, and have never come across such a reputable manufacturer offering such a poorly designed product as this. shame on you, kitchenaid...for years, i've used my little italian hand-cranked pasta maker, and thought i'd try this one because it would allow me to make tubular macaroni. i also thought the extrusion process would be easier than cranking. not true...as others have said, getting the consistency just-so for extrusion is tricky. a couple of batches ended up in the rubbish...the object is to continue to drop walnut-sized pieces of dough into the tube, while also catching the pasta as it comes out of the machine. because it tends to get warm and stick together in one huge blob, people on the kitchenaid boards have suggested sprinkling the emerging pasta with flour. and for this, you need three hands. those of us lucky enough to have been born with three arms may find it a breeze, but the rest of us will struggle. and this is not even to mention the additional mess (and wastage) of the sprinkled flour! by the time i was finished (or rather, surrendered), the place looked like an explosion in a flour mill!)...the first disk i started with was the noodle disk, and then went to the lasagne disk...i can't see how the lasagne disk can be used for ravioli, as it has a "join" in tbe middle of the dough (which can be seen as a transparent streak. this is because the dough is actully extruded from this disk in two pieces which join when they are dropping from the disk). i can't see that pasta holding up to being filled and boiled...the instruction booklet (it was the european version) was a letdown - only one recipe - "basic egg noodle dough". the recipe  in english was in the "home style" volume measurement of cups, whereas the european measurements were in weight (used by professional cooks, because it's more precise). i used the european ones, except that was difficult to translate the names of the ingredients (ka, please give us weight recipes along with the volume measurement ones, in english). i couldn't believe that the ka website doesn't have any recipes! do they really want to sell these things?..the instructions could have been clearer. i expected to drop a walnut-sized piece of dough into the machine, and have at least something come out. but the first piece is for the 'screw'. it takes until the second piece and beyond, before you start seeing pasta. they could've mentioned that, as i thought i was doing something wrong...i do not recommend spending money on this pasta maker (the food grinder might be good. i haven't tried it). the only thing this purportedly does that my hand-cranked one doesn't is tubular macaroni, and after seeing how it handled simple fettucine, i have my doubts about it (also, the instructions said that macaroni could not be dried and kept, but had to be used within 4 hours of making, which may not always be practical). i've decided that if i need macaroni, i'll buy it! the rest will be more than adequately handled by my dependable atlas machine (for which i now intend to get the add-on motor)...now, i think i'll go to ebay and list this attachment, since i have no need for the grinder part, and the pasta function is pretty dismal
heartbroken.i have loved my kitchenaid mixer from the first time i turned it on, and believe strongly in the construction of kitchenaid products as a whole.  but i received the pasta maker attachment for christmas and am just heartbroken to see that kitchenaid would continue to sell something that so many people have indicated does not work.  like all the other reviewers here, my pasta stuck together as it was extruded, no matter how much flour i used, how long i let the dough rest, or what i covered the pasta disks with (italian dressing, water, etc.).  i just don't see how this could have passed any quality inspection with kitchenaid, or after all of these reviews why kitchenaid would continue to sell it.  following all of their directions for the product to a tee does not produce any usable pasta...i have contacted the company directly about this, and urge others to do so as well.  i still believe they are an ethical company, and hope that they will take these constructive critiques to heart (and also help us to find another of their products to use, rather than relegating useless pasta makers to the backs of our closets!).
not recommended.i agree with the reviewer below who says that it is impossible to make the dough dry enough to not get all gummed up. it is easier to make pasta with an inexpensive hand-operated roller than it is with this attachment. i ended up buying the kitchenaid pasta roller attachment, which does a much better job.
piece of junk..i wish i would have read the reviews on this product before i purchased it.  it is a piece of junk.  i used it twice.  the second time i used it it wouldn't grate the cheese and it made a clicking sound when i turned the handle and then the handle broke off.   what a waste of money.  makes me think very differently about good grips products.  one more thing - it wasn't very comfortable to use which i thought the good grips products were supposed to be.
waste of money.what a waste of money, this thing is impossible to clean, it does not properly grate even cheddar cheese, the grated cheese gets stuck inside the barrel of the grater and you can't even take the handle off the grater barrel in order to clean it or get the rest of the cheese out. i am thoroughly disapointed with this product. compared to your other thoughtfully designed good grips products this one is a joke. i have thrown mine out after attempting to use it twice
looks nice but very cheap.when you first put it together it looks nice, although you can totally tell its a cheap piece of furniture. i suppose for the low price of $79.99 its worth it but the finish is already chipping all around the sides and the top. deep scratches etc. i have no children or pets, just two adults using this table and its not holding up well after just a few months. it's also way too small to be of use as a coffee table i think...i should have known as i also have the dolce desk and filing cabinet and the desk is horribly scratched all over it, it looks terrible and the finish has rubbed off all over after less than a year of use...the folding bookcase i have and love. it has no scratches or finish rubbing off but mainly i think because it never gets touched...the dolce collection looks nice but its very cheaply made and looks it as well
cheap.i ordered this table and when i received it there were 2 different size legs so it could not be put together without one side being 6quot; taller than the other side.  i took it back to a store to exchange it and they did not believe that i received 2 different height legs.  after a while, they exchanged them, and now after having the table for 6 months, the paint is chipping off the edges of the table. it looks so cheap and was not worth what we paid for the table.
chapped.as much as i love my dolce console and telephone table the coffee table was not well received upon delivery. it came without instructions (not that they are not self explainatory)or hardware. try finding 8x1.25 mm nuts in columbus, ohio! the top of the table has some splotches that look like stain drippings and the right hand corner is slightly nicked. needless to say my husband is "chapped" at me for giving him another junk project to assemble and is upset we paid full price for this item. i'm not returning it for the mere fact of having to deal with the postal/shipping process and how convenient of target not to have a phone number listed on the bill for customer service or complaints. are there no quality assurance measures taken to prevent these problems
leaks with cheesecakes.my issue with this pan was that it leaks. instead of my cheesecake batter remaining in the pan, it ended up on all over my counter. i have never had any trouble when creating this cheesecake using my ekco springform pan but i wanted a taller cheesecake. i should have known "if it's not broke don't fix it." lesson learned
great stationary.this product is great if it will be stationary but i found it difficult to set up everytime i put my shepard into our suv. he goes with us everywhere. i found the ramp to be bulky and heavy. with twins in the car as well, there is not much room to bring the ramp with us - wherever we go
nice idea, but....i bought mine 4 yrs ago, so i may have the previous incarnation.  the handle broke off almost immediately, which made the ramp extremely unwieldy for a short plump middle-aged woman to work with.  then the cotter pin got lost. my english mastiff did like using it at first; now however, at 12 yrs old, he can't see the edges of the ramp  stumbles over the sides unless i guide each footstep. it needs to be wider for giant breeds; he's on the small side for a mastiff -- 160 lbs  27" tall. so be aware of what the design drawbacks may be. i now can use only one half of the ramp  that's really too steep an angle for my boy getting in  out of my honda odyssey. and i'm sorry, but 19 lbs is not lightweight!! not when you're hauling it in  out of a van!
horrible.great idea, horrible execution.  disgusting to clean, rake gets clogged.  there are much better options.  litter robot is well worth the extra cost
terrible- don't buy it.i have bought 4 of these litter boxes for $100 each and all of them have broken in some way... sensor, motor. one of them works half the time now and i've had to throw out two. i thought i just got a bad one or that the cat was hard on it. well... these are made for cats to use, are they not? they sure don't do the job that they advertise they do
the incubus, or, how a litterbox ruined my life.this is possibly the worst product ever fashioned by human hands. when it does work, which is rarer than the appearance of most astronomical phenomenon, all the tines of the rake serve to do is spear chunks of cat feces and carry them back to the return position, leaving nothing in the waste receptacle. spending just five minutes scraping it off is enough to make me want to stab myself with one of said tines, that i might become infected with a deadly strain of ecoli, and be permanently freed from this abortion of a product. please, spend your money elsewhere, and if you already own one, do humanity a favor and destroy it, preferably by incineration
what is the hype about?.i used this thing once and i wish i had never bought it.  it does not "infuse" anything and my chicken had to be finished in the microwave.  we much prefer out grill outside to this joke of a cooking item.  it is also huge which makes storing it difficult.  i have given it to a very happy neighbor and just use my gas grill
terrible product.this product is far more limited with regard to use than first thought!  when i received mine, it had missing parts making it useless.  the construction is not as sturdy and solid as many others like it, but the biggest strike against it is the lack of versatility in cooking
ad misrepresented.according to the ad comments i ordered model #1054 fan with legs and free adapter. ad comments states in bold letters "best price for model 1054. this model comes with legs as pictured in model 1053 plus comes with a free adapter"i was sent model #1071 a fan with an adapter and no legs. it tips over and is far from the quality of the fan i ordered. deopinc lacks customer service with an "oh well" attitude and allows me to exchange or receive a refund as long as i now pay extra postage and an additional $1.00 for the item i ordered but they did not send me.
it can't take the heat.i am very disappointed in this pan.  it can't take the heat of stir-frying. when the pan is hot, food sticks in the grooves that distinguish circulon from other cookware. adding liquid to dissolve the stuck food is only partly effective. it might work ok if you're only using it for vegetables, without sauce, meat or seafood.  the pan is totally unsuitable to stir-frying combination dishes, and its shape and size make it unsuitable for other purposes.
doesn't work.i bought two 60001s to replace a hepa air filter because replacement elements were difficult to find.  i've been running these two non-stop for over a month and they never reduced allergy attacks on sunny, windy days.  i took out the electrostatic filters for cleaning but they're still clean.  on the other hand, the fan blades and air exit screen are covered with dark grey dust.  the ifd filter in these does not work at all
does not clean the air.i bought this purifier in hope to get rid of tobacco smoke odour in my apartment left over from the previous tenant. first unpleasant surprize was when i openned the box was that this filter smells! it smelled with acetone plastic glue so much that i had to run it for a week on the balcony in order for this glue smell to go away. after that i ran the unit inside my apartment and it did not produce any change in the air quality - the tobacco smoke odour was still there and you could see the dust particles floating in the beam of sunlight from the window. when i opened up the filter and checked it, it had no dust accumulated at all an what i notised that the quality with which it was assembled was kind of low. the plastic edges of the casing were rough and you could see the glue stains all over the ifd filter. this thing is definitely not worth two hundred dollars. despite the fact that i had to pay shipping, i returned this unit back to the store.
circle in a square.good luck - better have some serious counter protection when this 500 degree rock comes out of the oven. i could have bought 1 24" inch floor tile for 2 bucks - same thing
why the perfumy odor?.these spoons have a nasty perfumy odor.  i have to wonder what smell are they trying to hide with that perfume?  for myself, i will return these rather than take a chance.
what the heck?.i got this as a gift from crate  barrel and when i went to use it, i realized the holes on this tray are completely exposed. this might work ok if you're baking a *whole* pizza that has no chance of spilling/oozing over. it's definitely terrible for reheating pizza slices, as there is nothing to prevent the melted cheese from going through the pan and onto your oven. yuck
can piercer is all.do not buy this can opener!  it is $15 worth of frustration and anger.  i just finally threw mine in the trash after two years of struggle.  most of the time i ended up having to open cans with a hand opener that was my grandmother's from the 50's!  it is extra tall for big cans, but won't open anything larger or wider than a mini can of sliced olives.  it locks up and won't turn, causing you to try to muscle it around yourself.  at the end of mine's life, it would get so stuck i couldn't lift the handle to get the can out, yet it kept running and was getting hot even...stay away.  looks like the company discontinued it.  not hard to figure out why..
not so hot....after only a few weeks and fewer than a half dozen washes, the knives appear to be developing rust spots and one has developed some crazy grayish dis-coloring.  thought i was getting a good deal but appear to be cheaply made!
the one star is for the cheap price only.....get what you pay for, i guess.  i replaced a ratty old farberware chefs knife that came with a set i got at my wedding.  boy, i wish i had tested this knife before i tossed out the farberware... i hate this knife.  it is not balanced at all and it's nearly impossible to make a cut where you want it. i thought maybe it was my lack of skill with knives that was the problem, or maybe my wrist was too weak to properly control the knife.  but then my husband tested the knife, and had the same problem.  the blade feels cheap and flimsy when you are cutting, and moves to where you don't want it.  even my four year old noticed the blade jump as i cut up an orange.  my advice is stay away from this knife.  now i'm going to go spend a little more money on a good chef's knife that won't nearly cut my finger off when i use it
how long does it take to germinate?.four months wait and no germination.  it seems that the seeds are duds.  i do not have the greenest of thumbs, but i expect some germination before i kill a plant.
never sprouted.i followed all the directions exactly and after 4 months of waiting i ended up chucking the whole thing in the trash because not a single seed sprouted. total waste of time and money
finally gave up waiting for anything to sprout after 3 months.i would give this kit zero stars if i could.  the instructions say that it takes 6-8 weeks for the seeds to sprout.  i kept them in moist peat and warm temperatures for over three months.  not a single seed sprouted.  i finally had to throw out the whole kit when mold took over.  complete waste of time and money. ..but if you're feeling lucky, you should know that most of the seeds in this kit aren't much bigger than pinheads and you'd have a hard time distinguishing them from ground pepper.  so if you want to have each type of plant growing in a different section of the plastic tray provided in the kit - like that shown on the box cover - you need to separate out each seed under a strong magnifying glass.  and even then you won't be entirely successful, as these seeds all look too much alike.  ..by the way, it takes a minimum of 6-8 years living in ideal growing conditions for any of the plants in this kit to reach the sizes shown on the box cover.  these are not plants that can simply be put on a windowsill.  they need an environment that is not easily provided in the average home - lots of very bright light (about 15 hours a day), lots of humidity, an acidic growth medium (such as sphagnum moss), and about 80 degrees.  and even then, these are very slow-growing plants.  ..to keep the humidity level high, you'll need some kind of terrarium, preferably covered to keep the humidity level high.  but if you use incandescent bulbs to provide the necessary level of light, the amount of heat they produce can easily raise the temperature to lethal levels.  for this reason i recommend a combination of fluorescent bulbs and a moist/dry heating pad at the bottom.  be sure that whatever heating pad you use isn't the type that shuts off automatically after one hour of use.  ..some warnings:  .never feed them animal protein (like hamburger).  the fats in meat aren't digestible and can kill them.   .never use tap water to water them.  the mineral build-up can kill them so use distilled water only.  .never feed them insects that have been killed by insecticides, like raid.  carnivorous plants should be fed soft-bodies insects like small slugs, ants, termites, etc., rather than hard-shelled insects such as beetles.  well-stocked pet stores will carry dried mealworms, but even these will need to be cut into very small pieces.  just as a baby needs tiny mouthfuls of food, so too do venus flytraps..never fertilize them.  these are very slow-growing plants and any attempt to force them to grow will kill them.
leaks.i puchased the dust devil easy steamer less than one year ago. i have only used it 3 or 4 times and am now looking for a replacement. the unit started leaking during the second use and continues to leak from the clean water tank - leaving pools of water saturating the carpet. it also leaves carpet wet for at least a day. i am not very happy with this purchase and will do a little more research when i purchase a replacement.
bad motor, mediocre cleaning.the motor for my cleaner also died in less than a year.  and the cleaner really didn't work that well to begin with.  ..you have to empty the tank after a minute of clenaing or the machine will completely stop working.  and you can count on your carpet still being wet when you are finished...the only positive thing i can say about this cleaner is that it is lightweight and the tank is easy to refill with solution...i owned a more expensive bissell for several years and it worked much better until it finally gave out.  i'm buying their cheapo model as a replacement since it appears to have better reviews than this cleaner
broken multiple times.i am sure that this scale would work great had it been delivered intact.  i returned it once to get a new one and the second one was broken even worse.  ..if you need a scale quickly, i would not trust amazon to deliver a working one.
0 stars for scale but 5 stars for amazon for prompt refund.three of these were ordered as gifts. what an embarassing situation. all were defective and all were design flawed. i don't know how one would put 11 pounds on it without it breaking into pieces. poorly conceived and made worse
not very robust.i have placed an order for this scale because others feedback here. first came giving me an overload reading after turned on even without load on glass table. replacement has the same problem even worse. one corner was missing the support. it does not look very robust
worst brand out there.these cookie sheets suck, to put it mildly. i went to bake biscuits on my new airbake cookie sheet and they overbrownedwith minuted left on the cook time and stuck so badly i ended up throwing away the entire thing- pan and all. i'd like to note that they stuck even though i buttered the cookie sheet with a large gob of butter. the worst part is i had recently recieved a bunch of airbake as a housewarming gift and i can't return any of it. i'm afraid to use the airbake cake or pizza pan i have because i know whatever i cook will overbrown quickly and then stick no matter how much i grease the pans. i'm going back to using my old cheap non-stick bakeware- thank goodness i didn't throw it out
the stay put pan.i have never seen pillsbury crescent rolls stick to anything before in all my days of cooking. the airbake pans changed this. not only were they burnt in 5 minutes less time than the directions, which we have used for years, showed but they were also each stuck firmly to the pans. good thing however because when we opened the oven, the smoke detector went off so we had to run with the pan outside. didn't lose our burnt crescent rolls however as they were stuck in place on the pan.  what a great innovative product
worst cookie sheets on the market.baking cookies on an airbake cookie sheet may not end with burnt cookies, but it will end with all the cookies glued to it. the first time i used this product, the cookies (chocolate chip, made with lots of butter) stuck so bad that i could turn the cookie sheet upside down and shake it, and the cookies still would not come off. cleaning was yet another issue- my airbake cookie sheet still had cookie residue left behind even after hours of soaking. i've finally given up, and decided to throw it out. i now use wilton cookie sheets- they are heavy duty, non-stick, and the best brand of bakeware on the market.
takes too long and food sticks.the past few batches of cookies i've made on these pans just didn't turn out well at all. there's definitely no problem with burning, but they just don't cook the cookies right - they'll be nice and brown all over, but when i take them out, they just flatten into a very ugly cookie, like the insides aren't cooked well or something. and my cookies stick, even when the recipe says to use an ungreased pan. i'm going to look into a different kind of pan
never got it.i kept on receiving emails pushing back the date of delivery.  after 4 of these notices, almost 1 month later, i was then informed that the product is no longer available.  although i was very excited about the kitchenaid at first, (my mom has one over 20 years old and it's still going strong), i am sad to say that i will never see the kitchenaid i ordered for myself
not what i expected.the sheet felt like they were made of plasic.  after washing them several time, they did not get any better.  now, they make great rags for washing the car
mini-mess.the opening on this unit is not even large enough to slice a pepperoni stick.  it also has problems with foods not properly dropping from the chute but flying all over instead.
don't give up your day drills yet black amp; decker.the unit does cut and grate, but you better have a catching container that wraps around the unit to catch the product as it comes shooting out.  your catching container will hold as much as what drops short on the counter, the exit spout is enclosed on only 3 sides, so a lot falls short of the catching container.  cleaning the inside of the cover presented a problem, crevices inside the cover catch cheese and soft products, you must use a long bristle brush or thin flat toothpick to remove it. this unit is loud. does bamp;d equate noise with power? i should have left this one on the store shelf, cause it quickly found its way into the recycle bin curbside. i would rate this less than 1 star
a poor design.the floatation kit is a very poor design. the kit consists of two floats, 4 thumb screws and 2 metal bars with holes that match up to holes on the petstep ii ramp. . . 1. the floats are not designed for this purpose, and there is no instructions as to how to install them on the metal bars, and no hardware is provided for that purpose. the appropriate d-ring hardware would cost $1.50 if it was included. the floats are very difficult to inflate and even more difficult to deflate.  each float is 20 inches diameter - very very large.  in fact too large as the ramp was only 2 inches below the surface of the water.. . 2. the metal bars that extend the floats out from the end of the ramp are too lightweight, they bent under the weight of my 50lb dog making the ramp unusable on own first attempt. the bars are also very sharp on two edges, i cut my hands three times while assembling the ramp in the water. it is all way too big to assemble on my 23' boat.. . 3. the whole assembly is very unstable, even on my extended swim platform which is only 8 inches above the water level on a calm day.. . i do not recommend this item until it has been redesigned.   ..i will return mine immediately
way too flimsy!.most of the oxo products hold up but this grater broke grating cheddar cheese. after writing this review, i'm going to order an all metal grater
broke!.a good idea, but after only a few uses, the plastic started cracking and finally just broke completely.
better buy the box grater.this looked like a good solution to the ever-vexing problem of storage, but it turned out to be a waste of money.  it started to fall apart from the first use.  now it's just another piece of junk that's going in the trash can...splintered plastic, bent metal and all.  oxo's box grater is a far better choice
yes you can count on this breaking....i liked that it folded for storage, but -- now that the plastic has cracked -- there is no need to store it.  bad bad grater
ok until it breaks is right!.mine did break too. i ended up buying a box grater soon after i bought this one. when i did use it i was more worried about cutting my self because it was so unstable. do yourself a favor and don't buy this product
mine broke, too!.i had my grater for about a year, and washed it by hand the whole time, never in a dishwasher, and the cheap plastic cracked and soon completely fell apart.  i thought that the collapsable design would be great, but i think that i would prefer a sturdy box grater any day.  i love oxo, but what a waste of money.
the poorest oxo product i've ever purchased.i love oxo's good grips products, so i had high hopes for this cheese grater.  after only a few uses, the plastic casing cracked,  making it unstable  difficult to use.  pass on this grater  go for one with more metal.
broke after a few uses.i bought it because i thought the design was innovative and useful.  it grated ok a few times, but the plastic frame holding the metal grate cracked at the corners and eventually broke
frightening.this looks more like a medieval torture device than a kitchen tool.  notwithstanding the bowl, which is a nice feature, we are returning it.  until the food you're cutting is small enough for the holder to slide on the device, one winds up having to hold the food in hand.  there goes the idea of protecting your hand. and never did i imagine that the blades would be so exposed.
dangerous piece of cr*p.this thing is hard to use, hard to clean, and impossible to store safely.  do yourself a favor and steer clear of this horrible kitchen accessory.  we threw ours away and are happier for it
eeeyouch!.only because they don't allow zero stars!..tried a similar model, once and once only..it took 3 months for the slices in three fingers .to heal up completely, and the slicer was thrown .out.  should've known better.  ..either get a japanese model, like the chef says, .or get a nice kitchenaid mixer and attachment set, .frequently on sale, and less expensive than the .emergency room visit and/or the doctors...
so disappointed.after washing these (i bought two) for the first time, i started drying them with a dish towel. imagine my dismay when the dish towel turned gray as the outer surface of the pan shed aluminium all over the towel. my hands and pot holders turn gray when i hold the pan. ick! what's getting in my cookies?!
i have to agree try another model.i have an older oven and the temperature fluctuates in it.  i currently have 2 different themometers in the oven just to verify that im cooking at close to the right temp.  ..i used this thermometer for about 3 months, then i opened the stove one day to find that the needle was stuck on 325 degrees.  i tried to get it to unstick by shaking it and putting into the refrig to no avai
it passed before its time.i received this item in the fall of last year, and upon returning to my apartment this january, i discovered it was non-functional after less than 3 months of use.   however, the cheap oven thermometer that i bought at kroger 5 months ago is still going strong
very inaccurate.this is the worst oven thermometer i've ever used.  the clip is flimsy, so the thermometer falls off if you move the shelf, and the base is flimsy, so it's difficult to stand up. it is also wildly inaccurate.  sometimes, it's off by as much as 75 - 100 degrees...a waste of money
never accurate and finally broken.this pyrex thermometer was never accurate. it was always off 20 to 50 degrees. it finally broke 6.5 months after i purchased it. and i didn't use my oven every night.  i relied alot on my crock pot and pressure cooker
broken already.i bought this on 12/29/02 and had it for a little over 1 month and it is already broken.  the needle is stuck on 550 degrees.  very disappointed.  i expected better quality from pyrex
waste of money.this thermometer quit after about three months.  it always 350 whether it is in the oven or sitting on the kitchen counter.  i wrote to pyrex about it, and they said that they did not make oven thermometers.  i looked at the back of the thermometer and it is made by a knife company.  pyrex must only make the glass for the window.  so now i am out my purchase price
owned for 3 months and used less than 10 times.the nonstick came off on my loaves. gross.  it's too late to return this so i am boycotting baker's secret products but not world kitchen, the parent company, because they are also do pyrex and just sold me their storageware lids for my anchor hocking milk glass cups. ..i deleted my earlier positive review and i reget persuading anyone to buy this product.  i need to remember to avoid all nonstick metal products.
teflon came off after 2nd use.this product was awful.  i love their indoor grills so i thought i'd try this and then teflon came off after the 2nd time i used it.  everything sticks to it and i wasn't even scrubbing but i guess since the food stuck to it so hard it took off the teflon with it.  would not recommend this
not so good.not so great the surface is not flat. i hoped that the heat surface was flat to make better sandwiches
overrated.i don't understand the fascination with all clad products.  while i like the turner part of this fish turner, it has the most uncomfortable handle of any tool in my kitchen.  what is all clad thinking?  don't their designers ever use their equipment
not as advertised.this silverware is not 18\10 as advertised. it is very pretty. but it is 18\0. this is false advertisement
horrible cookie sheet.everything sticks to this pan, everything stains it. it gives kitchenaid a bad name
does non-stick refer to the packaging?.everything sticks to these pans!  i cannot get off the potato residue and i'm probably just going to throw them away...they are awkwardly heavy.  they do not warp, but they do pop out of shape (this happens when the pans are in the oven and you'll hear a very loud, scary pop)...just awful
save your money.i recently purchased 3 of these containers. i gave it two stars only because i know that glass is much better for .storing food and drink than plastic. however, i purchased these because of the air tight lids but the lids were junk. two fell apart right away. one i managed to put back together but the lids would not hold their seal.  save your money. the time and effort it would take to send these back is not worth it
how a $7.95 pitcher from amazon cost you $15.94.if you put a "juicer" in your cart, amazon will suggest that you also buy this pitcher.  if you buy this pitcher with other items eligible for free shipping, pay close attention.  amazon will sneak in a $7.99 shipping charge that is not eliminated from your final costs...at amazon's $7.95 price, the pitcher is ok.  with the shipping cost snuck in, at a total amazon cost of $15.94, the pitcher is grossly over-priced...potential buyers beware.
very disappointed..twice i followed the recipe for basic bread and ended up with an inedible result. i especially took great care the second time with measurements and temperature. i consider myself an experienced baker, and have not had problems with other machines.
disappointed twice.i bought this machine because the idea of being able to remove the paddle before the bread bakes sounded great.  all you do is take the bread out of the pan and manually remove the paddle then put it back in to rise  bake. this could be done with any bread machine.  the only difference is this one had an audible tone to alert you when it was time.  except the 1st machine i bought did not have any audible tones at all.  none.  i sent it back.  that was ok because i had a new one in 2 days from amazon.  (they have awesome customer service.)..unfortunately this one didn't set level by over 1/4 inch.  the 4 feet were all equal, but it looked like the plate on the bottom of the machine had been replaced by one that didn't fit.  it didn't even cover the entire bottom, as there was a gap in one corner where it didn't meet the sides, but also the metal around the underside edge had been screwed in with force to cause buckling.  this in turn caused the machine to become asymmetrical from the torque.  so even if you put something under the foot to balance it then it wouldn't be level.  plus it was scratched in places.  i think it was a refurbished one.  no more quisinart.  lugging 2 of those back to the post office is enough for me.  i guess i will go back to a breadman
useless..the rack is made of incredibly thin wire. it was bent out of the box, but i could reshape it very easily with my fingers...there are four feet made of bent wire that can hardly support its own weight on the counter. even the lightest of pastries make it sag. you can forget about cooling a cake or a loaf of bread...the only way to us it is to place it atop a different, stronger rack, perhaps if the other one has a grate that's too large. in my kitchen, it's useless
poor quality.my grandson wanted this for his birthday so i ordered the entire collection.  i could not believe the poor quality of the quilt and sheet set.  my daughter had to wash them 5 times to get them not to feel like sandpaper.  everywhere the sheet set had been folded turned white and the tubs in both her washer and dryer turned red!  i would not recommend these to anyone
feels like burlap.i wish i had paid more attention to other reviews.  we won't even use the sheets on my son's bed because they are such poor quality.  they are hard and scratchy.  had i not washed everything first, i would have returned it.  also, it looks as if the seams on the pillow case are pulling apart and to make it more obvious, they used white thread on black material.
looks good feels bad.it is a great looking set. my grandson loves it, however, he slept over last night, first time since i bought it, and he would not sleep on the sheets. he said they were stiff and scratchy. he wasn't to happy with the feel of the comforter either. i had washed both and used downey...and i will try again. if this does not help, then i am out $50+ because he cannot sleep on them. i will look for a new set, but this itme i will buy from a store...so i can feel the fabric. why would a company make such a nice product out of inferior material?? .maybe you should consider not selling products from this maufacturer. thank you
tiny.i have no idea how other reviewers claim that they can cook a roast in this casserole.  i have to admit it's very cute but i am heart broken that i cannot use this for anything other than to keep spaghetti sauce warm and a pretty decoration on my stove.  i love it and want to use it more, but it's simply too small to cook anything other than a few potatoes
cheaply made, broken upon receipt of package.i ordered the 6-cup assam tea press because i drink a lot of tea and it was the only tea-press i could find that was that large.  i received my package and found that two of the three plastic tabs that hold the lid/basket/plunger in place when you pour tea were broken and loose in the box.  i sent it back for a replacement.  upon receiving the second try, one of the three plastic tabs were broken off.  i'm sure it works great but i never got to try it because of the cheaply made plastic assembly.  i am trying the smaller version with the glass handle and stainless steel basket to see if the quality is better
don't buy this one....it's about 50% plastic.  the filter is plastic, the handle is plastic.  i was really shocked at how cheaply this was made.  get the other one for ten more dollars and get a stainless steel press and have the pot be completely glass
like a bad love affair.....i received my rival ice cream maker as a christmas present and it was love at first sight.  of course, being the dead of winter, i didn't use it much until the following spring.  however, by july, it began to over-heat before finishing a simple vanilla.  i probably got six uses out of that sucker before it began having 'issues'.  what started as mutual admiration ended in bitter recriminations
piece of junk -- melted while cooking egg.would not recommend.  after using for less than 2 months, one of the spatula already melted while cooking an egg.  the spatula melted while i was trying to get it under my egg to flip it, so it wasn't even on there for that long.  now we'll see whether they stand behind the lifetime warranty.  but if i were you, i would just save yourself the hassle in the first place
works great if you have a butler to clean the machine.the shrimp butler deveins the shrimp but you still have to take the shell off and wash the shrimp.  the shrimp butler works fine at deveing but it is too much work to clean up afterwards.  you have to be extra careful cleaning the sharp blade. it might be good for cleaning 10 pounds of shirmp.  but for cleaning 1 pound of shrimp my cheap $2.99 quickso hand shrimp cleaner is just as fast, does a better job and is easier to clean.  the shrimp butler is overpriced for what it does and will be just another gadget taking up space in your cupboard
worked for a while....i purchased this ice cream scoop after i ruined one of the antifreeze scoops by washing it in the dishwasher. the scoop works well. however, although it was advertised as dishwasher safe, the inside of the scoop has begun to pit. also, the handle collects water in the dishwasher, which slowly leaks out in the drawer. i'm tossing it
if i wanted a 2 year scoop, i would have paid less....this was a great scoop.  worked well, looks nice, flashy, but it started to degrade after a year or so.  at first it was juat a little mark inside the scoop but it grew.  i put up with it but now it's rusting.  nothing worse then scooping out orange vanilla ice cream...for the price i paid, i would have expected this scoop to last longer.  yeah, it's flashy, but i wanted longevity.  next time i'll buy a cheaper scoop
hate it.ok well unlike the other reviewers, i hate this ice cream scoop. yes, it's heavy and seems to be well-engineered. however, i don't like the somewhat square shape of the handle and have a hard time getting a good grip on it. and as another reviewer already mentioned, it has a tendency to collect water in the handle when it is washed. when i'm scooping the ice cream, the water drips out and down the handle, thus making it even harder to grip the handle. it makes the handle slippery and my hand just slides right down to the scoop and i get ice cream all over my hand. i have a cheap $2 plastic scoop that i bought when i was in college, and i prefer it to this one.
don't waste your money.even if you already own the food grinder don't waste your money on the pasta attachment.  since this is more of an extrusion pasta maker, the pasta does not get the nice thin texture that is necessary in fresh pasta.  i made lasagna noodles from this attachment and had to roll out every noodle by hand after it had been extruded because it wasn't thin enough.  ..if you love fresh pasta, as i do, you would be better off buying the actual stainless steel, traditional pasta roller attachment for your kitchen aid.  it is more expensive, but well worth the extra money.  i use this attachment all the time and always get the results that i am looking for.  when my husband purchased the pasta attachment it came as a set with the food grinder.  the food grinder is awesome
not worth it.i have been making pasta for years.  so when i received the professional 5 for a gift, i wanted to get the pasta attachment to make it easier on my hands.  was i wrong. since it was their equipment, i used their recipe.  i put the flat noodle plate in and  40 minutes later, i still did not have decent noodles.  the holes in the plate are too narrow for the dough to pass through without overtaxing the motor on the mixer. it got very hot.  i did not buy the pasta maker to ruin my mixer...i brought out my marcato and had all the noodles drying in less than 10 minutes...the pasta maker is not worth the cost of postage
don't bother.i bought this right after i got my kitchen-aid, and a week later went out and bought a manual pasta roller for $39.00. as others have said, the noodles stick together, and you don't get as good a consistency as you do by rolling them out. go with a roller, not this
unsatisified.all other kitchen aid products are marvelous but this one is not.  burned up my stand mixer.  have also heard this problem from others using this product. will not use this item again.  but will continue to purchase other kitchen aid products.
difficult to use.i bought three small ones of these for leftovers.  i've already thrown one out.  i can't get the tops off and i have no problems with my hands.  not recommended
way too big.i think this spatula is waaaaaaaaaaay too big.  it's too long, too thick and too heavy and as soon as i find some smaller red spatulas which are very hard to find, this one will be retired
looks great, will drive you nuts, not a great product.i bought the whole kitchenaid utensil series because it looked so cool with my kitchen.  problem is, unless you are using very big and deep pots, the handles are too heavy and end up quot;flippingquot; out of the pot or pan.  they are not balanced.  the handle end is very heavy in proportion to the quot;businessquot; end of the spatula.  what ends up happening is that they keep falling out and making a mess on stoves and countertops.  they do look good, and even over time haven't seemed to fade.  but it really will drive you nuts everytime it happens.  if they were about 2quot; shorter it probably wouldn't be a problem, be sure to note that these are loooonnnnggg utensils
terrible.as someone had written before, the lid won't stay on (and we don't have a dishwasher!) in addition, the label on inside bottom was almost impossible to remove..but the lid was the main problem. we went to our neighborhood winn dixie store and found one which was much more economical, and works much better
not exactly well designed....a lidded metal mixing bowl is a wonderful thing. unfortunately, after one trip through the dishwasher, the plastic lid no longer snapped on. there are similar bowls available from williams sonoma (more expensive, of course) that have recessed lids... making stacking and storage within the frige a much easier chore. these will do in a pinch, but simply are too low quality for a permanent home in my kitchen
piece of junk.first time it was washed it filled up with water... never worked right again!!!  stay awa
not accurate.in boiling water, read about 195-200 deg. instead of 212.  how hard is it to make a thermometer that actually measures temperature accurately?..asa
not the cuisinart i have previously owned.after using a cuisinart for nearly 30 years this newest model is terrible. my others lasted years and this one less than one.  the 11 cup processor mechanism that activates the motor is not aligned, therefore the motor won't start.  if i fiddle with it the motor will start for a few spins. it is hard to get the top off. all in all a huge disappointment. i am no longer brand loyal, and will bite the cost and buy a new kitchen aid.
this is not the cuisinart you used to know!.times have changed and so has the parent company that sells and services your food processor. the quality of materials and workmanship have gone downhill too!..my experience with the corporate machine was horrible. days of long waits to talk to a customer service rep...never paid off. each time i called i was eventually forwarded to a recorded message that explained that they were too busy and that i needed to leave my name and phone number. i never did get a call-back. finally, after several attempts, i was able to get past the initial phone queue and actually talked to a live person who took the information about the condition of all the clear plastic parts on the processor. they were all severely cracked and were not far from flying apart. it seems they knew of the problem and offered to replace the parts on warranty. all i had to do was give them a credit card number to charge the shipping to. and, nothing would happen until i sent the old pieces back...again at my expense...i sent the parts back promptly, but they didn't ship for another two weeks. and, here is the highlight of the episode... the lid they sent was the wrong one. another round of phone calls yielded a person that said that cuisinart had not processed the replacement yet...a full two weeks after they were notified. i still have not received the lid and the processor is useless without it...beware! this company tries to sell their products in the top-end of the price range, but their corporate customer service system is as bad as it gets...at any price. you can do yourself a favor and shop for another brand. i'm looking at kitchenaid. shucks, it can't be any worse...and may be a much better experience over the long run
what a disappointment!.i have searched for the perfect crock pot for some time now. this isn't it! the main problem i am having is that it just doesn't want to actually cook the food! the first dish i made was beef stew. the recipe book said 4.5 - 5 hours on high. i reset after 5 hours and at 9 hours, it still wasn't cooked, the potatoes and carrots were quite hard. next i tried a cake in the provided loaf pan. it never cooked in the center even after doubling the time. i made chili two days later. same deal, it never came to a simmer, even though i added all the ingredients hot! this morning i decided to try soup. again i put the ingredients in hot, boiling actually, now, three hours later on high setting it hasn't even started to simmer. as for it being programable, it's not. the heat setting is automatically set according to the amount of time programed. 1-5 hours and it sets at high, however nothing cooks in that amount of time on high! so, you actually have to be home to reset the time! defeats the purpose of a crock pot. this thing redefines slow cooker! be prepared to finish dishes in another pot on the stove.
horrible.great in concept, awful execution.  disgusting to clean when the rake clogs up.  there are much better products- litter robot- well worth the additional cash
great idea but weak implementation...does not save work in the long run.i have owned two of these...the first was replaced for free by walmart where i purchased it for the same price as here.  they are complex structures and i cannot imagine anyone who is not a handy man owning one for long.  i am and i find it a very poor implementation of a good design idea...the good...it works and it keeps the bin ready for the next use...the bad...it does not work for long before things get weak and then ultimately break it.  the thing still gets messed up and cleaning all the little corners and angles is a dirty job and it cannot be done with a hose because all the electronics are not protected in any way from water.  it is not a substitute when one goes away for more than 2 days.  i have two cats using this and not full time.  i needs to be emptied every two days. you must use good quality clumping litter.  the replacement canisters are expensive if you do not reuse them.  in fact, it is cheaper to just use a coventional litter pan and throw away the whole thing litter and all instead of using the refuse containers as throw away items.  the lids will fall off and need to be taped in place...my unit burned out when one of the cats pulled out the power cord at the end of the unit.  it just kept getting fuller and fuller and i was gone for a few days.  even though it is supposed to be protected from running when blocked, when i returned i found the unit almost extended to the refuse bin and the stupid wire which hangs out in the middle of the box had been tangled by one of the poor cats trying to use the unit when it broke.  bad design!..i am ordering one of the rocking style units and returning my second unit...by the way, the best litter boxes have strong curves at all corners so they are easy to clean.  keep that in mind
breaks every 2-3 months. only used by one cat..after 2-3 months of use by our cat, it broke (the rake mechanism won't move). so we sent a part back and the receipt as told by their service dept along with $10 and they sent a new one. now about 3 months later that one is broken. so, i'm assuming we won't be able to get one again since we sent in the receipt the first time. sometimes it got stuck and kept going back and forth because the rake got stuff stuck on it. i would recommend either buying a sturdier/more powerful box (maybe that would work) or a different brand. when it works it is awesome though
product features misleading.shows glass and plastic lids. assumed they came with product. they did not. i was very disapointed and believe the product should clearly state they are not included
utensils not heat resistant.these are only good for cold items.  not heat resistant and melt and bend when used with heat.  have thrown these away and replaced.  do not buy -- unless you're desparate for the crock
dont buy this junk, they suck!.i guess you get what you pay for. the only item of good quality in this set is the container that holds the pieces. i had one of the ladles in a pot of pasta that was only med high heat and the heat made the plastic shrink. the quality of this product is very cheap plastic. it feels like a toy. do not buy this junk. i wish someone would have revieed this as junk so that i didnt waste $15 on this crap. after the first ladle got deformed, i tried one of the pasta spoons and one scoop into the med high heated water and it also melted. one scooop!!! this is junk and farberware should be embarassed to produce such cheap quality products. i wanted to write their company but couldnt even find the product listed on their website
don't buy it.i was very excited about buying a motorized meat grinder. it was easy to assemble but worked very poorly. i was trying to grind beef chunks. the meat kept on getting stuck and the motor jammed. it is all packed to be returned.
"coarse" turned apples into sauce!.i tried out my new waring pro mg100 today.  the "coarse" blade turned my roasted turkey breast into a damp powder and my apples into a perfect raw applesauce.  well, it would have been perfect except i wanted ground apples for a cranberry-apple salad, not sauce!  i would say the three blades should be called fine, finer and finest.  carrots and raisins ground ok, very finely. celery pretty much made a mush. i hope to find a 3rd party blade that really can grind coarsely.  cranberries ground ok but i learned something new.  i am used to grinding them in a hand grinder where i catch the excess juices that drain out the back by putting a bowl under the handle.  the waring mg100 has no drain hole for juice so you have to turn it upside down and drain the juices out the top about every 3 cups of cranberries.  i am a little uneasy about how the motor logs down when grinding the above-mentioned items.  and here is something that surprised me.  i don't know what kind of metal is in the discs but i have used mine now for a total of about 20 minutes, spread out over about 4 hours this afternoon.  already the disc is turning blackish and the first 2 or 3 tablespoons of celery, etc. that come through have to be discarded. i heard someone say to store the discs in a baggie of vegetable oil.  maybe that will help?  i don't know what the black stuff is but i wouldn't think it would be good to eat it
not what i expected.i was disapointed in the performance of the grinder. it was very difficult to get it to take the food. i was attempting to grind vinison for sausage and it worked me way too hard. i ended up using the old hand grinder i had. it had to be force fed and was very slow. i returned it for a refund. - in my opinion it was not a good purchase
disappointed....i loved this design, so i asked for the set as a present.  unfortunately, it did have spots of rust and tarnish pretty quickly, which i've never really seen other stainless steel silverware do.  despite the obvious flaw, i still think they're attractive, but it's just not a lasting, quality item.
do not buy this silverware!!!.all of the previous reviews are true! this silverware is horrible and i dont know why target is even still selling it. i was lucky enough that target where i live was very cooperative in letting me return the set even though i had thrown away the packaging. the silver ware was tarnished and discolored after only one wash!!! the packaging says dishwasher safe but this is not the case apparently! it's too bad because the pattern and design was very nice! my advice check the reviews on the target site or epinions.com to find a nice set of silverware. some are in the same price range. you dont have to spend a fortune
very disappointed.i bought this new set at target to go with my brand new home.  they have many rust spots on them.  i tried polishing them which helps somewhat but i don't have time to polish every time they come out of the dishwasher.  there are pitted with some type of stain that doesn't come out.  25 year warranty doesn't do much good without the box.
what a waste of time!!!.my new hubby and i recently registered for this product and soon after we got it for our shower gift!  after waiting months until after the wedding, we were so happy to open the items.  well, that was our mistake!  we ended up having ugly, dirt, rusty looking spots all over the set after washing them only a few times.  after a month or so, i was fed up.  i tried different detergents in the dishwasher and such, but that didn't help.  i spoke with the company themselves about a cash refund, due to the fact that the boxes have been discarded, but the best they could do was send me a new set.  well, that set did the same thing!  after spending money and time i am fed up with this product and cambridge silversmiths.  i am going to throw  both of the sets away and hopefully have some more luck with another company!!
stiff sheets.good size, good color but way too stiff .i washed these 5 times with no change
not so soft.i bought the 1200 ct sheets because i wanted an ultra-soft sheet but was disappointed.  the sheets are extremely heavy and will no doubt wear for years but they are not soft ... even after several washings.  i should have returned them immediately but kept thinking that one more washing would soften them up .... wrong
neither soft nor silky.1200tc sheets are very soft. these sheets are not as advertised and i would never buy them again. as a matter of fact if i can return them i will
disappointed!.i love the colors and the heat resistance but found the wooden handle on one spatula rough and splintery.  also the spatula is showing nicks on the edges of the silicon....don't understand because i don't use it on rough edged bowls or pans
i've gotten more burns since using these!.like most avid bakers i can use a lot of potholders and so when i was looking for replacements i saw these and that what a good idea, boy was i wrong!..the biggest problem is grabbing anything with them, they slip and slide and either they punch holes in what i'm baking or they slip and suddenly my flesh is on the hot pan!  they are very difficult to use and i wish somebody had addressed this when i was looking at reviews of these things...i'm not a klutz, but trying to grab hot things with these things will make you feel like one, right after you run for the burn free ointment!..seemingly a great idea, but they have some big drawbacks
great but can suddenly explode..great measuring cup set because of the value, the numbers are easy to read and it is nice to have three sizes in a set.  i used them every day for over a year because i love to cook. . .things were great until one of them exploded in my dishwasher. i used it in the microwave to boil water in so i could dissolve bullion for a recipe. i rinsed the cup with tepid water and put it in the dishwasher because i clean as i go.  then i continued cooking and about 5 minutes after placing the measuring cup in the dishwasher i heard a loud popping sound.  i opened the dishwasher and the pyrex cup had shattered in the dishwasher into a lot of pieces including some very tiny slivers. ..i consider myself blessed that it did not shatter while i was holding it, while it was full of hot liquid or when my kids were nearby. someone could have gotten badly hurt if the shards had gotten into their skin or eyes - luckily all i lost was a couple of dishes and some time vacuuming out my dishwasher...i found out that if pyrex is cracked or scratched and sometimes the cracks are too tiny to see it can shatter after sudden temperature changes (terminal downshock). i was very careful with my measuring cups stored them up high away from the kids and they did not have any visible chips or scratches. i think mine exploded because i was using it in the microwave where it got very hot and rinsing it in cooler water.  there were no instructions or warnings about this on the product when i purchased it...it is a shame because i really loved using these measuring cups.
sometimes old is better.i love pyrex.  i use it all the time.  but i want my old measuring cups with the connected handles back, please.  i don't care if they nest or not.  i want them to stay in my hand, even if they are greasy, or if my hand is wet.  please, pyrex, put our handles back. people who have used these new ones don't realize how much better they are with the connected handles.
weak.not enough juice to get juice! this machine isn't powerful enough to fully juice a half lemon.  not really worth the price, better off with a hand operated powerful one
a real disappointment.i got this product for christmas; it is either defective or of very poorly quality.  it worked fine juicing the first 3-4 oranges, but after that, the motor couldn't seem to cope with any sort of actual pressure--it seemed like it just wasn't powerful enough.  the quot;two-way rotationquot; feature is a total crock as well..
sticky sole plate - never again!.my wife and i both dislike this product.  although i can manage to fill it, my wife dislikes the little slide-out water fill door.  we both found the "non-stick" soleplate problematic.  while it appears to works ok with most fabrics, we always end up with burnt residue on the soleplate (yucchh!).  we try to adjust the temperature, but the temperature dial is not very intuitive either.  we we're disappointed safety-wise as well.  i left the iron on, when we went out, and returned hours later to find it still hot!  thankfully it was left upright on the ironing board, so no harm done, but could've been tragic.  we didn't pay a lot for the iron (around $30), but i'm sure we could've done better. just sign me "looking for a new iron
big disappointment!.i bought this pot to replace a similar pot thati loved and had used frequently until the handle broke off.  i have been very dissapointed in this purchase.  i don't even use the glass lid for the sputtering/splashing reasons cited by many other users.  i use the lid from my old pot.  in addition, the handles on the small basket are ridiculous, as they fall down into the food you are steaming instead of staying sensibly over at the top sides of the insert.  the large basket is poorly designed to be raised too far above the liquid in the bottom of the pot, making the basket too short... all in all... a completely frustrating experience.  i'm looking for another pot, probably not calphalon
cheap, cheap, cheap!.the pans are not farberware quality.  cheap handles, cheap nonstick material, and cheap price.  the price is right, but the quality is poor.  not a bad pan for the price.  if you want a good farberware pan spend a little more and get better quality
these pans warp.....these are cheaper pans as everyone has said, but i want to explain why i think so...when i cooked with them on a higher heat, they warped.  they can't go back now.  even if i only use them on medium or lower, they are warped for good. :(..also, the non stick coating seemed to have come off after a few washes, and its on but things stick to it a lot more now.  i'm ready to toss these and i haven't even had them that long.  ..you're better off spending a little more and getting something you can use a lot longer
thin and cheap.you get what you pay for here. the skillets are very cheaply made, very light and don't last long. you're better off buying $2.99 pans at walmart
about pricing errors.my guess is that they tried to get rid of some old inventory by marking these down but sold way more than they expected and realized that they can't make up the costs. you can always take advantage of their hokey gold box deals that make you think you're special even though they're offered to everyone and their cousin
"best" food mill not the best.having decided to get the hightest quality food mill, i bought the cuisipro.  it has two major disadvantages over less expensive models.  the grinding plates are completely smooth, hence there is no "bite" when you grind and it takes more effort to push food through.  secondly, there is no gripping texture on the part that balances on the vessel below.  hence, the machine slides around and makes cranking more difficult.  the only advantage is large volume
no stick peeling off.love cooking on it,but we've had it a month and the non stick is coming off....easy way to clean.. after it has cooled lay a wet dishrag in it and close the top,walk away.... the whole mess will just wipe right off ( even if you don't clean it till the next day)
cheap pan at a premium price.this pan warps at temperatures above 450 degrees and the anondized finish has begun to peel off after less than ten uses...if this roaster was priced at $25 it would be a good buy. it is way overpriced at $59.95...spend an extra $50 and get the calphalon stainless steel tri-ply-roaster----it is the real deal...dale garner.atlanta, g
bad, bad, not kidding! non-sticking, yeah right!.bought several wearever products and all of them after a few recipes stopped working as a non-sticking surface.  the cakes started sticking, cookies would cook uneven,etc... the quality of anything from wearever pro products (i bought several of the pan  combo packaegs) are not worth the price of admission.  in fact, i have a cheap set of non-stick bakeware from a competitor (costing 1/3) the price and they are still working after 5 years. i will never buy anything from this company again and i reccommend the same for anyone intersted, buy something from another company, either more expensive or cheaper you can't do any worse
not worth the money.i purchased this can opener on july 3, 2006. i wish i had waited and been able to read wilson's comment that was posted july 23. at first the thing worked great...for about 4 weeks! soon thereafter it would nolonger hug the can, then the handle broke. i would send it back, but it's not worth the return shipping. i've tossed it into the trash instead!
poorly constructed piece of garbage!.in less than one month, the plastic lever snapped off. save your money and buy one of those 2 dollar openers from your local grocery store
does not last.i bought this in late october in anticipation for thanksgiving.  during that time, it was used successfully only once.  three days before turkey day, i attempted to use it for a second time.  it was broken.  the oven temp channel seems to work, but the meat temp was reading 300-315f.  it seems like the thermocouple was shorted out.  the bad news: a replacement probe = $20..i would recommend the taylor model with the silicon probe cable.  the silicon will last longer than the braided cable.
don't buy it..i hate to break it to ya, but everyone is right.  my polder dual sensor also went crazy after only two months.  it was beautiful while it lasted.  can't wait to find something that lasts
it's quit working - unreliable.this thing worked for a while but now it is acting very strangely. i tried to get information from polder online and found no supporting documentation. my guess is that the probe is the problem, but a replacement probe is $20 and a new complete unit is $25. i guess i will fall back on the old reliable analog manual stick-in-the-meat thermometer and trash the polder
didn't last a month, not user-friendly.this was purchased around christmas to replace a williams-sonoma probe style thermometer that was several years old and finally stopped working.  after using this polder thermo-timer for less than a month, i will be going back to williams-sonoma to purchase a replacement for it and will not buy polder again...first of all, the oven and food temp settings only go up.  there are no +/- buttons, if you overshoot the temp you have to hold the button until you cycle all the way through 500+ degrees and back to where you need to be. god forbid you overshoot again, time wasted in the kitchen can cause food to burn or otherwise affect your cooking plans...second, the probe suddenly started registering 200+ temps while sitting on my kitchen counter after taking it out of my drawer to use. the probe and cable have been cared for as described in the manual, and in no way mistreated.  sorry, but if the ambient room temp registers incorrectly, how am i supposed to trust that it is accurately reporting my cooked food's temp?  this is no minor issue, it is a complete failure of the device in less than a month of normal household use...i've read the other reviews and similar problems have occurred for other users so i don't think this is a limited problem or an issue of my not using it correctly.  this product is not reliable, and when it comes to determining if your meat is safely cooked to temperature, reliability is crucial
please don't waste your money..i purchased this for use with my smoker, right out of the box, it worked great. the controls are intuitive and well designed.  worked like a charm until the second time around when it started registering inaccurate temperatures.  i was extremely careful with the probe, not getting it wet or crushing it. i've tested many thermometers and this is by far the worse.  it now registers about 50-80 degrees too hot.
not so hot thermometer.this thermometer has definate problems.  it will start flashing different temperature readings throughout your cooking process.  you don't know what reading to believe.  at that point, i just have to rely on instinct.  that's what i was doing prior to purchasing this thermometer.  it has worked for me in the past, but the more i use it, the more problems are occurring..i just purchased the mavericks et-73.  i'm going to give that one a whirl.  stay tuned.
fell apart in the box.this is a terrible product. it fell apart in the box before i received it, and came with no assembly instructions.  when i finally managed to put it back together to some degree, the pieces didn't even sit at 90 degree angles from each other, so i returned it...i have to say, amazon was great about the return, and paid for the return shipping as well as refunded me for my original shipping, since it was their mistake
tiny.so be sure to note the size of these cutters... i thought it was a great price for some basic holiday cookie cutters as it is, but they are tiny... if you want to make some mini-cookies they're great, but otherwise you might want to go with some different ones
fine print.my fault, but i didn't realize how tiny these cookie cutters really are... the listing does say that they are 1"-2".  ..they will be nice for making tiny cookies
verry disappointed.i was very disappointed with this machine. i tried it on several separate occasions.  i could not get a soft serve texture. i even placed the ice cream mixture in the freezer for 20 minutes before attempting to make the ice cream. i let it mix for 30 minutes before calling it quits.  it also takes a lot of room in the freezer and i found that the unit was too tall to fit between the counter and the cabinets.
worked well, for a while..i found the norpro professional meat tenderizer a very useful tool for effectively tenderizing less tender cuts of meats and also for pounding seasonings into meat.  i liked the long, sharp prongs much better than the usual shallow, dull surfaces of other tenderizers.  this tenderizer has a retracting platform that protects the user from being injured on the spikes.  however, after a few months' light use, the spring on my tenderizer broke and no longer controls the platform.  the spikes are now exposed at all times, resulting in several minor injuries to hands, or whatever body part comes in contact with it.  this product was wonderful while it lasted, but now is a hazard
great idea,  difficult to clean.i loved this product at first. it tenderizes the toughest meats fast. makes marinades absorb even better. but- it rusted after washing in the dishwasher. also- the flat part that pounds the meat-lost it's spring action. also, meat juices got trapped on the inside, causing me concern when using with raw pork and chicken. great concept- not perfected yet
not the best..this isn't the best rice cooker, but it's good for single people who live alone and don't have dinner parties where they need to make a lot of rice.  mine lasted a long time, but you can't make over 2 cups of rice.  if you go for the full pot, it will bubble over and you'll be cleaning your kitchen again.  another thing is, it slightly browns on the bottom with one cup.  2 or more cups, and it practically burns on the bottom.  i bought a black  decker one after i got married which holds up to 6 cups, and i like it a lot better, plus i don't have to worry about it burning on the bottom.
bad...bad.... bad.this rice cooker makes poor rice.  the inner pot is too thin and the rice gets burned on the bottom.  if you really want a good rice cooker buy a micom unit like sanyo.   you'll pay a little more but atleast you'll have good rice
waste of money.i would give it zero stars if i could. don't waste your money on this rice cooker, it always burns my food, splatters any liquid that's ever inside, and sometimes makes weird popping sounds when its cooking.
bad rice cooker.i bought this rice cooker saround six months ago because it was on sale. i use it 3 times a week but it stopped working a month ago. this rice cooker is not reliable as per previous review. don't be fooled with cheap rice cooker. buy a reputable brand even though it cost more
i was surprised......i was in need for a cheap mixer, for thanks giving, this is the exact model that i got from target. i was surprised what this mixer could do, for only being 125 watts. it did handle great too. i was mixing a big batch of oatmeal cookies for my big 14 people feast, when the motor died. i started out smoothly, trying not to put too much pressure on the already struggling motor. i dont know what i did, but the mixer kept slowing down slower and slower untill it rest at a real slow speed,where the beaters almost weren't moving, and i could tell that the motor was burning, for my hand on the handle could feel the heat. i could also feel the sputtering of the motor. i unplugged it, and plugged it back in, even though it was still burning, and tried again. the beaters still looked as if they weren't moving. then there was a pop! smoke and a horrid smell were coming through the front vents. i was mad that i couldn't finish the cookies, yet at the same time, i feel bad that everything i do breaks something :(  i guess i shouldn't expect cheap stuff to do heavy jobs
defective controls.this was a great toaster, until it starting turning itself on.  after popping up the toast a few minutes later the heating elements will come back on.  kitchenaid has a recall on their proline series with the same problem but there is no recall on this model, yet...don't bu
this product deserves no stars.this pricey toaster is not worth its weight in bread.  for the first few weeks it seemed to evenly brown the bread but since then it has become the worst toaster i have ever owned.  it is impossible to get evenly browned bread instead you get burnt crust and blotches of brown randomly scattered over the bread.  save your money.  do not buy this product
pointless appliance.i don't personally own one, but my neighbour had this atrocity which she thought was the coolest thing ever.  all it does is heat quesadillas.  why can't you just use your hard earned cash for a frying pan that heats everything and saves your counterspace from a completely useless appliance? seriously, don't bother
not impressed.i loved these pots and pans at first.  that was until i used them.  i realized that the nonstick coating was flawed in one of the pans and also in the griddle pan i also purchased.  it had a little bump in it, almost like there was dirt or hair on the surface before it was treated with the coating.  about 6 months into use, the end of the saute pan handle came off.  the handles are rubber with a metal tip.  the metal tip came off leaving a ugly looking end to the rubber handle.  ..i have only used nylon utencils and used and washed them according to instructions, but the nonstick coating started to flake off after about 1 year of use.  i expected more life out of these things.  i tried to make do, but now we're getting flecks of nonstick coating in our food so out they go.  i've since learned that non stick coatings only last about that long under just light household use.  i'm currently shopping for good, old fashioned stainless steel cookware.  i hope they'll last forever just like my mom's set which she's had for 30 years
very disapointing.i bought this juicer after doing some research, and reading several positive reviews.  now i wonder if these people really are using their juicer on a daily basis or just once a year...i have three problems with this juicer:.1) the spout is very small.  i have to cut up my apples into 6 pieces before i can feed it through..2) after one glass of juice, i have to clean it out and remove the pulp..3) but the biggest disspointment was that it started rattleing and making such a huge noise, that i had to turn it off..i called the company and they said that sometimes the spout it to close to the blade.  they suggested that i send it in, of course at my expense...i am shopping for a new juicer, one that ejects the pulp and i dont have to clean in-between juicing..i would not recommend this juicer.
don't understand why omega 1000 is highly rated.i've had my omega 1000 juicer for about a year. i used it around 30 times when poof! that was it, the motor burned out. then i spent five minutes on the web to discover that it's a "1/3 horsepower" juicer. that's a little less than 250 watts. ..other models like the l'equip 110.5 mini pulp ejector juicer (rated better and less expensive than the omega 1000) put out 600 watts. even the omega 8005 produces only 1/3 horsepower. ..if you go to bizrate.com, on the page where the 8005 is displayed, it posts a power rating of 1/3 hp. yet if you click on the "what's this?" next to the "power" heading, you're told: .."power: determine the wattage rating on the juicer. if you're juicing hard produce, the more watts, the better. a motor rating of 450 watts or greater is recommended." ..translated to hp, bizrate.com recommends a bit more than 1/2 horsepower as the minimum acceptable hp. shame on me for not spending the time to research this before buying...i'm not abusive with mechanical devices. i was grinding a tough material, parsley. that's supposed to be ok. i let up evertime the rpm's slowed significantly, i.e., i was careful. bizrate.com's advice is right on the mark: 250 watts (1/3 hp) just isn't enough. don't buy this or any sub-.5 hp juicer unless you're juicing material that's already soft.
not right item.knife holder designed for the ronco knife set only. it is a poor fit for my knives.
discoloration after 2 dishwasher uses.after washing them in the dishwasher some look like they are starting to rust where the indention part in the design section.  i liked the design and they are lightweight flatware.  i was very disappointed and surprise at how quickly they started to what appears to be rust
cumbersome and strangely designed.this is one of the most bizarre appliances i've ever used!  i thought from looking at photos that it would be a hinged device that would open so one could pour in crepe mix and then close to cook them.  instead, i learn that it's huge, but doesn't open at all (making me wonder why on earth it's so big!) but rather cooks crepes on top after being dipped into the batter (a feat i've not come close to perfecting by any means--my batter won't stick!).  it's heavy and gets horribly messy.  not recommended at all--it seems it would be easier to go back to making crepes on the stove
fish are living creatures.i am not from peta, i dont even like peta but this is wrong. goldfish get big enought that they could actually get stuck in this tank. stuck as in unable to move at all. the only fish that could theoretically be kept humanely in this tank are the tiniest tetras. i haven't done the math as far as how much water this tank holds, but six schooling fish that stay smaller than .5" could possibly be happy here. keeping bettas in this tank is cruel. an actual fish tank is the cheaper, more humane, more human choice
kinda ugly.the product could be designed a little better in looks. ugly. as far as fish go. who cares about the fish!  they have no feelings. love them if you will. fish are suppose to be in the ocean or lake.  who cares! most aquarium fish we not removed from their natural habitat... so what if the feel narrowed. dumb fish dont know the difference. they live and die the same.
animal cruelty.imagine living in a hallway about three feet wide. it's no different than that for the fish for their entire lives in the frame. please don't purchase items like this. it isn't a suitable home for even a single betta
cruel.if you buy this then you need 2 die!.this piece of crap is cruel to animals.fish do not have enough room to swim around in a flippin picture frame.its not humane.if you are really committed to having fish than buy a "real" fish tank not a picture frame.fish should not be used for the enjoyment and entertainment of people.fish need a nice decent large living space.not a picture fram
silicon the rim is porous and is leaking.i just sad that a company of that stature, cannot "glue" together the carafe with the rim. it was leaking, had to disassembe it and spent $10 on silikon. no wonder we cannot compete with the germans, chinese, or even wood carvers..
too short.this featherbed cover seems well made, but the length is about 6 inches too short!! the tag reads the correct size (cal king), but the product is not sized right
fan blade covers.these fan blades were advertised as increasing the air circulation of your ceiling fan as well as updating it. the opposite is true.  they diminish the air flow.  by quite a bit.  i would return them but i already burned the box they  came in.  they look better than the fan blades on my fan from a distance...but they are thin plastic an not worth the price.  too high a price for the quality.  wish i would not have ordered them.  waste of good money
dind't receive what i bought.i have been using amazon for years know and i can say i am a very happy customer, actually a fan. this knives are quite nice, and is not the first time i bought knives from amazon, however i am really disappointed as i didn't get the 8-inch chef's; 8-inch carving; 5-inch utility; 4-inch paring offered, instead i got only the 8-inch chef's and a bunch of tiny knives (5-inch utility; 4-inch paring; 2-inch pealing) like tommy "airman" below, to make things worst, this was a gift for my parents!!..i would not reccomend to buy this item, instead get the henckels international fine edge pro stainless-steel 7-piece knife set with block, which i personally own, they beautiful, very sharp and very complete se
don't order.too bad!..amazon and henckels cheat me..i delivered another henckels twin signature 7-piece block set..2in, 3in, 4in, 8in, scissors, sharpening
this is probably the worst product i have ever bought.i guess since there is some debate on this maker, i will list a few complaints. yes, i read the directions. where do i start. try to open the coffee basket. it has a one millimeter ridge and it takes about 10lbs. of pull to open it. so, you have to grab it with your nail and brace the machine with your other hand and then pull your nail off. ok, its open. you can't use this with a paper filter because the design causes it to plug up and spill over. i don't like coffee from the gold filter, so suggestion on the net is to use both. yes, you have to put the gold filter in and then try to jam the paper inside of it. so, yes, you can prewarm that carafe and that is special, but there are lots that have that feature. next, if you put the carafe in the exact cradle for it, the coffee won't come out of the basket and will overflow the basket. you have to jam (lots of jamming here) the carafe up against the back of the maker so that it is out of the cradle and sitting at an angle. then, i hope that you weren't going anywhere soon cause you ain't now. just keep waiting. in summary, it sucks big time
a real loser.this is a piece of junk, to put it midly.  all the negative reviews are true.  i used it for a month and the company refused to make good on it.  leaky, basaket wouldn't drain, lukewarm coffee after anout an hour, and it took forever to brew (about 25 minutes).  i finally threw it out after 2 months of use and bought a thermal carafe bunn.  now that's a great machine
this is a horrible product!.this doesn't even deserve one star!  liquid doesn't drain from the basket, so it overflows!  delonghi wouldn't make good on it!  i used it for a few days without a problem (other than lukewarm coffee) but then it totally went to heck in a hand  basket.  please don't waste your money on this crummy product that the company won't stand behind
defective, poorly manufactured machine.our machine worked well for the first week, but after that began to demonstrate the same problems others described.  and yes, we did read the instructions.  the lid appears to be poorly designed so that overflow is inevitable on some machines.  also, the button you  press to open the valve for pouring was broken from the start.  a very expensive piece of junk.
coating came off.this pan was a pleasure to use for the first few months. then the coating took on a rough texture, and eventually wore off in the center of the pan. i took care to read the instructions and followed them to the letter
not a farberware.its not from faberware. not written anywhere, its only from tristar. i don't know why they say its from faberware..sharpness is bad too.
save the money and buy a better set.these really are not great knives. the serrated knives in the set are ok, but the other knives just can't get sharpened enough to be of serious use.
would have appreciated a box in better condition.having bought this item for a friends wedding gift, i was a bit upset when the package arrived and upon inspection found that the box was actually torn. this looks like i purchased the silverware at a yard sale or bargain bin. the only positive thing was that it arrived on time
doesn't slip, but dough still sticks..the maker of this pastry mat claims that one can now roll out pie crust on this may without using flour.   well, i tried that and it doesn't work - the crust sticks, so i have to use flour with it.  however, the mat quot;sticksquot; to the counter which is very nice.  when i have used a pastry cloth it always slides around so it's difficult to roll out the dough.  overall, i don't think it's worth the money
pie, maybe. pastry, no..this product seemed like it would be the answer to rolling out my delicate pastry doughs. however i didn't find it at all useful for this particular task and only served to add another level of aggravation. though the pastry board got cool, that was about it. it didn't generate enough cold to keep the dough from softening at it's normal rate on my non-cooled rolling surface. i also had a problem with sticking unless i were to add a significant amount of flour which would have made the dough tough. i can see where this board might be better suited for pie doughs where a more heavily floured rolling surface would not be such a problem, and the measured circles are a handy reference, but for doughs containing a significant amount of butter it didn't meet my needs
what a great idea but........it doesn't work, at least not for me.  i was really looking forward to receiving this canister.  talk about "killing two birds with one stone."  i bought this to hold fresh coffee beans, and was also delighted with the feature of housing the filters in the same container.  the problem is that the canister is almost impossible to comfortably open.  i think my hands are normal in size for a woman, but i can't fit my hand around the canister to hold it in order to open the top with the other hand. the "handle" on the top is slippery (as is the stainless steel body),and too short to get a grip on it.  it doesn't screw off, but pulls off and since it's airtight this is almost impossible.  my fingers kept sliding off-----notice i said fingers and not hand.  handle too small and short for my whole hand.  this could have been solved if only they had made a hole in the handle large enough to either insert a hand or at least a few fingers. ..no, afraid they'd better go back to the drawing board on this one.  loved the idea, but didn't like the finished product.
dissapointed.loved it from the start...but now the little wires that support the bread and go up and down have bent and are jamming. it's less than a year old...this just should not be happening with a quality product. i won't do this again
if you plan on doing whole wheat toritllas....don't count on this to do the trick.  i put the dough in, press down, and then it made this high pitched sqeeling noise.  when i lifted it up, the tortilla was a crisp, dry, disc.  not only that, it would put a hole in the middle of the toritll
don't waste your money.i am sad to say that this was a total waste of money. it worked great the first two time i used it, then the third time the non-stick coating began peeling off. what a shame, because it actually made great tortillas..  but you can't eat teflon.
made in columbia.when i ordered it the product description said made in england but i was surprised when i received the product which was made in columbia.the made in columbia one was defective,surface was rough,print was not clear and did not match my existing chirchill china "made in england set"..i asked for a replacement from amazon and told them to send me the one that is made in england..looks like the made in columbia churchill china has serious quality issues and not worth .
i'm done.i'm done with non-stick. the coating on this pan has started peeling off, just as it did with kaiser's and chicago metallic's non-stick. i'm going back to tinned steel. (my experience with cake pans, including springforms, has been the same.
it's all-clad! come on, i expected quality!.i found this pan on clearance at bbb for 49.99 and jumped on it. what a great price. i was so excited to finally have a piece of all-clad in my kitchen. and finally a real pan to roast in. up until now i had been using my large emerilware saute pan for roasts. i'd burn my hand on the handle while making reductions everytime because i'd forget it just came out of the oven. i used it tonight for the first time to roast chicken. the chicken came out beautifully cooked, perfectly browned. i pulled it out of the oven and put the pan on my flat-top stove and removed the chicken. i went on to make my reduction and guess what? the pan is wobbling. all-clad, warped! what a huge disappointment. i'm not sure whether i should have all-clad replace it or if i should just return it before the 30 days runs out. after reading other reviews, i'm thinking i should probably take it back. the good news is that i knew the pan was hot because, hey, it looks like  a roasting pan, not a regular on the stove-top pan, so i didn't burn myself. i really expected better of all-clad.
warped after first use.i was so excited to see this in my gold box and bought it immediately. after the first use it warped rather severely. i bet the warp will hold about one half cup of water. i used it to bake a chicken at 350 degrees. i'll be calling all-clad to see what can be done. otherwise it's a nice shiny pan
back to the drawing board!!!.this is a nifty idea; unfortunately, it just doesn't work out.  the blades are very sharp, but even then, the pressure necessary to grate cheddar from a block is too much for this gadget.  press too lightly, you get nothing; press too heavily, and the blade simply stops.  maybe there's some technique that can be learned with time, but using this contraption shouldn't require that kind of effort.  it needs a stronger motor, and/or a better way to convert the circular motion of the motor to the up-and-down movement necessary for grating to occur.  all i can say to black and deck is try again, and get it right
worthless.sorry that i didn't read reviews first.  this is a piece of junk.
gizmo grater.unfortunately, i didn't read any reviews on the gizmo grater.  had i read anything about it before trying it out, i would have not bought any.  i bought a total of 6 graters to give as gifts.  two told me it is not good for soft cheeses.  we use a lot of cheddar cheese for tacos.  what a waste of money.  it worked very good with parmesan cheese which is hard.  that is why i gave it 2 stars.  other than that, thumbs down.  perhaps i should send the two back that i haven't given as presents
black  decker gizmo.as far as the gizmo is concerned, it is among the worst products i have ever purchased.  it was placed in the trash.
gizmo schmizmo.this thing stinks.  it is quite possibly the worst kitchen appliance ever invented.  black and decker...shame on you!..where could one start to describe how horribly designed yet so magnificently marketed this abomination is.  kudos to the black and decker marketing team who manages to sell this worthless waste of an invention.  ..since i have not been able to grate more than 6 or 7 shreds of cheddar with this thing...i have since been trying to figure out another use for it.  maybe shaving the mud off the bottom of my shoes when i come in from outside although i doubt it is strong enough to handle it...if anyone else has any alternate ideas that this "gizmo" can be used for, please share.  ..if you don't believe how much of a waste this is, but it for yourself and join the rest of us who have been endlessly frustrated by purchasing it...black and decker...if you read this i would love to read your rebuttal
worthless.don't buy this!  the cheese clogs inside the graters.  it only works for very, very dry cheese.  it's hard to assemble.  black  decker could have done much better with this
too small of a pan.most angel food cake mixes call for a a pan higher 10 inches and this pan is only 9 so it does not turn out very well
not what i expected.i have several of these types of pans made by kitchen-aid and i absolutly love them. i purchased this loaf pan because it's half the price as kitchen-aid. well, you get what you pay for! this pan is so flimsy, when you pour the batter into it, the sides bow out and you get a really odd shaped whatever you're making. also, the sides cook and the center doesn't. or you leave it in longer and the sides burn and the center cooks. bottom line, silicone bakeware is great, but not manufactured by this company.
looks good, lousy performer.i had this item for approximately three weeks and it was broken by the fourth time i used it. the base opening is an awkward size making it hard to find a glass/cup to fit. the mechanism was not strong enough to withstand the force needed to extract the juice. as a result, the neck bent and after reshaping it a few times, it snapped in half.  their return policy is good but it is better to buy a different juicer all-together.  the design is attractive.  if they would use a stronger alloy and redesign the opening then they might warrant the $30
extremely disappointing.i bought this juicer specifically for use as a bar tool, and it saw intermittent use on lemons (and only lemons) for about three months. while it did a decent job of extracting juice, the lever itself was balky, suggesting to me that the internal gear assembly isn't machined to particularly high tolerances. furthermore, the spout is positioned extremely low: you can get a jigger/pony underneath it, but anything larger is an adventure. finally, the "stem" isn't manufactured well: it had started to bend, thus degrading the performance of the gears even further, and when i tried to bend it back into shape with some gentle pressure, it actually snapped apart, destroying the juicer entirely...save your $30
broken during first use!!!!.i received this ice cream maker as a gift. i read the instructions carefully before use and used a recipe from their book.... unfortunately, the motor conked out about 1 minute after i added the ice cream base to the freezer. i'm not kidding. this machine is a piece of crap! don't waste your money!!!!!! there are other comparatively priced machines that are much more sturdy.
revere whistling tea kettle.an oldie but goodie, this tea kettle is great for any type of stove.  easy to clean and maintain, it coordinates well with many of today's stainless kitchen appliances.  the whistle is a great reminder it's time for tea
wanted to love these, but they didn't live up expectations..these are hard use.  the handles are too small.  they are hard to fill acurately.   i use the one cup to mix spices or beat an egg in. they are beautiful to look at and i wanted to love them but that don't get much use
very very disappointed.i am very disappointed with this product.its does not look like anything in the picture displayed.its not worth your money.
lot different to the actual photographs shown on site.i was really impressed by looking at the pictures but when i recieved the product it was totally different. the material looks different and it was a used product
just as good as the price !.pros:.1.) cheap.2.) looks pretty..cons:.1.) polyester - not good to sleep in. buy this only if you want to use it for decorating a bedroom/guestroom. polyester fabric feels rough and coarse and is not at all worthy to sleep on..2.) less thread count..overall, its just as good as the money it asks for !..if you want to have a good sleep, then spend some more money on a 100% cotton comforter...all the comforters from malibu seem to have the same properties
avoid it if you can.this comforter set is a big disappointment. it looks much better in photo than in real. the thread-count of the comforter is very low and it feels like rough plastic. the 180-thread-count kid's comforter i had feels a lot softer and smoother than this. also, the king size comforter is small. this list price is a joke. do not recommend, not even for the guest bedroom
looks quite cheap, not as good from the picture.looks quite cheap, not as good from the pictur
too freakin' fragile.let's be clear: these bodum glasses are things of beauty. but since since they're also drinking glasses, they're supposed to be practical. unfortunately, they are antyhing but. i stuck one under the thru-the-door ice dispenser of my fridge and the dropping cube cracked the glass. that just ain't right. save your money until bodum tells their glassblowers to thicken the bottom of their glasses. until then, these glasses just, well, blow.
not worth the money!.i got 2 of these glasses in december and here it is only a few months later and just adding ice into the glass and it went right through the bottom - shattering the bottom! had i thrown in from across the room or was playing super quarters :), that would explain it, but merely dropping ice into the glass caused the break! save your money - these are nice in concept, bad in construction! bodum has been no help too, they claim there are "no defects" in the construction!
don't buy it!!!!.this set is awful!!!! there is nothing that seasons these pans, everything sticks and burns no matter how much oil or butter you use. we have the non-stick emerilware and love it. for 2 cents i would throw this in the garbage
buyer beware..this cookware is not made by all-clad.  this cookware is made in korea (all-clad is made in canonsburg pennsylvania, and is not up to all-clad standards.  there is a big difference between this and the ltd line of all-clad pans.  while this set might be better than, say, farberware, it's not all-clad. it's not professional cookware
horrible bakeware.i bought 2 sets expecting them to be as good as the other corning products i have used for over 30 years.  1 piece cracked in half while cooking vegetable in the microwave and one piece cracked in half while baking chicken in the oven!  i wrote to the company and they have not responded
dead on arrival.the pump never worked.  we read and followed all instructions--there were 2 booklets and a website with 3 different sets of priming and other operating instructions--this is very poor.  customer service was slow and repeated instructions which we had already followed.  technical support sent yet another set of instructions involving an allen wrench and a phillips head screwdriver.  luckily we have those items in our house.  we took it apart and put it back together and the pump still didn't work.  returning it as doa (free shipping) involved complicated instructions and procedures.  we have not yet received acknowledgement of our refund.  i would never buy from this company again.
caphalon commercial hard-anodized casserole w/ lid..it stains very easily(even water marks, when i boiled water for spagetti.)everything sticks to it.it is not non-stick.i bought five of them and have given to my family they all say the same thing.i am very very disapointed with this purchace
i'm sending them back.i ordered the orange and the red.  the colors were much more drab in person.  the cumin is actually burnt orange from the 70s
not microwave friendly....these dishes are beautiful...however, they can't go in the microwave. i often reheat coffee in microwave, so i was very surprised when i went to take the cup out and it burnt my hand.
bad buy.i've owned my one:one pod machine for nearly 2 years now and surprisingly it's still pumping out coffee every day, the shortfall with this system is the pods. the machine itself rates a full 5 stars, made by esalton, has certainly proven to be a little workhorse. fairly easy to clean, doesn't mind when you don't put a pod in wrong and water squirts out everywhere, it just keeps going and going, my beef with melitta is the pods. at first everything was peachy, the store where i purchased the machine always had the pods, then, supply got spotty and very few retailers carried this brand (they always had plenty of pods for the other brands) which led me to order the pods from podheadz. after almost a year the original store started receiving a steady supply again. now, in the spring of 2006, melitta has started making their pods "universal", which means they fit the other brand machines, not they're own. sure, you can stuff their pods into the machine which barely, and i do mean barely, fit. why not stuff someone elses pods! an email to melitta produced no answer whatsoever. not only does it take some stuffing to get the pod into the pod holder, the pod contains more coffee, even the 8oz button produces a coffee so strong it's nearly undrinkable, and i like my coffee strong. sure i could hang out and press the small button twice or something but that defeats the purpose of having a one button coffee machine and negates the "cup of coffee in about a minute" principal. bottom line: melitta has abondoned their own pod machine. my advice: buy a different machine, the the market really opening up there are plenty of better choices
defective and/or poor quality.i bought mine a few weeks ago.  the first week and worked fine.  now when i try to brew coffee, the unit struggles to pump water.  it slows down to a trickel and then won't shut off until i shut it off.  it works fine with tea pods, but bombs every time on coffee pods.  ..i emailed melitta about the problem.  they told me to call salton, directly at 1-800-233-9054.  after navigating the prompts and waiting on hold for a while, salton told me to prime the unit ever couple of weeks.  she told me if that didn't help, then i could either return it to them, or to the store.  i tried it but it didn't help, so i am returning it to the store, jc pennys...i wouldn't recommend this unit to anyone.
it worked for  4 months, then quit.we live in southern cali, where we have no air conditioning. we bought this fan in july, and it's now nov. and doesn't work anymore. i can push the power speed button and the motor won't power up and run the fan. .i loved it when it did work, but i am very dissapointed that it stopped working only 4 months after purchasing it!
blizzard.holmes is suppose to be good, but in this case i think they forgot to put the blizzard in the machine. it blows like a weak gale wing
whistling fan.i bought this fan based on the reviewers who called it quiet. however, even at the lowest setting, the fan makes a whistling sound, like the lowest note you can whistle.  it's more pronounced at the higher speeds.  i expected the usual white noise of a fan or even some motor hum, but the whistling got on my nerves and kept me awake.  beware if you're sensitive to sound or are using it in a quiet environment
not for small hands.this is a fine peeler for many people - the blade is nice and sharp, and it cuts well - but the handle is so fat that it tires my hand almost immediately. not a good grip!!
unresponsive customer service.the machine did not freeze ice cream very well. it was "okay" until the beater blades broke..
looks good but low quality.we found this to be attractive furniture but was almost always damaged during shipping or manufacture.  we bought this an several other pieces in the same style.  while the product looked ok, there were large gashes and very noticeable marks in the wood.  #60;br /#62;.#60;br /#62;.contacting target to get the pieces replaced has been a hassle as they have told us to contact other numbers where we are told to contact them another way, etc.  they told us to call the local store and that didn't work either.#60;br /#62;.#60;br /#62;.if the price is half as much as anywhere else then consider this product, otherwise you may find that saving a couple bucks isn't worth it
no instructions - not going to work.i too recieved this with no instructions, as an emergrncy can opener.  i can not use it!  there are no instructions posted anywhere on the internet on how to use this can opener.  if you do not have the instructions you can not use this
beautiful...for about 3 weeks.i love the look and feel of this set.  great style, great cost, and they feel nice and heavy.  its a pity that they used such a low grade of steel because after only 3 weeks - i have several spots of rust.  back to the store they go.....what a bum deal - i really liked this set..
great looking but not for long.i purchased this flatware 3 weeks ago because i loved the modern look to them and thought they would look great. well i was a little dissappointed this morning after only three weeks that they are already spotting and rusting after only 3 weeks and following the care instructions as best as i could. so in conclusion i am returning them this weekend for a refund because i am not serving any of my friends who come over for a casual get together with this flatware
junk.i bought 2 sets of this stuff because the design was really great. we looked at crate amp;amp; barrel and macy's before deciding the style and price were a better fit. wrong! .  . all of the knives rust and the rest of the pieces have water stains on them like you wouldn't believe. tried to take it back to the store but of course, i kept it for 6 months, thinking only a few pieces would have a problem. it just got worse. since i don't have the receipt, i am out the 140 cash
stick to regular cups.i thought this was a great idea....but when you wash them, the water doesn't drain out of the handle very well...you have to shake and shake and still let them sit in the disk rack for a while...that could have been avoided by designing in an opening in the handle.  not for me...
misleading picture and bad return procedure.the picture at amazon.com is misleading with a pan included..the return procedure of macy's is very bad. they said the return tag is included in the package but actually it's not. i have to send many emails to get it returned
faulty faulty faulty lids...3 of them!.circulon offers this lid as a separate purchase for their 10.5 in toss and turn pan.  this lid is a lemon. actually all the circulon lids are lemons. .after using my 3 new circulon pots and lids for only 2 or 3 months, all the circulon lids have broken plastic handles.  first, when i got gouged by the broken plastic, i noticed that all three lids showed big chunks of plastic off the underside of the plastic handles.  i have no idea how these large hunks broke off, because i am very careful and do not own a dishwasher. next, i saw that two of my three faulty handles now had big chuncks off both ends of the plastic handles. all the breakage occured where the plastic 'cool' handle attaches to the metal part of the handle.  just today, as i removed the hot lid from the toss and turn pan, the black plastic totally came loose from the metal part of the handle!  only fast dancing saved me from this big hot lid falling on my feet.  but at last i saw the flaw.  instead of having a complete metal handle that is covered with the plastic for cool handling, the metal part only went up an inch to meet the plastic.  the black plastic only overlaps the metal part of the handle a scant half inch or so, causing the more sturdy metal part to undermine the plastic, and eventually causing the chipped plastic to separate from the metal. the lids are subjected to steam and heat on a daily basis, so no wonder the plastic broke off, the plastic has no backing. its just carelessly and poorly attached to less than a half inch of the metal that is attached to the lid. this poorly conceived construction is why the handle broke away entirely after the plastic was chipped,  a full metal handle covered with plastic would have prevented the accident where the handle completely separated from the chipped plastic.  there is no metal supporting that plastic folks.  .my enthusiasm for the circulon was originally quite high, but now that i have lidless pots after less than 90 days, i'm pretty unhappy!  this chipping happened to 3 out of 3 lids!  and the toss and turn lid is almost as expensive as the toss and turn pan!  now, after less than 90 days i must  send in the toss and turn lid and my 2 smaller lids with chipped handles that go with the sauce pans.  because the toss and turn handle separated and broke away, this is not merely a cosmetic matter. even before the lid handle broke entirely, the broken handles were uncomfortable to use with those sharp broken plastic edges digging into my fingers.  sending these lids back will leave me ill equiped in the kitchen after all the money spent to be well equiped. further, i doubt their replacements will be any better, and they will probably need replacement every 90 days!  much as i love the circulon pans, these lids make them a bad purchase.  i would not buy this product again.  hopefully this review will help you make a good decision about circulon pans and their bad lids.
what happened to "made in england".help! i ordered place settings for almost 16, and i have a few more plus some serving pieces remaining to buy, but i'm unsure what to get now.  all of mine were ordered six months ago and they all say "made in england".  i'm afraid to buy any more from amazon. it looks like i will have to go directly to the replacements.com site to get the remining ones, but they don't have all the pieces i need for the "made in england" set. were the "made in england" sets discontinued?????  when you look at the descriptions for "made in england" dishes, they say from 1993 to 1993, but i ordered several sets six months ago of these.  lesson learned....get the whole sets all at once instead of waiting several months to complete the sets before the company sends them somewhere else to be made!  i saw a set of the "made in columbia" ones up close in a local flea market and they are not like mine at all!! i could tell that they were different than mine before i turned them over and looked at the back to see where they were made!  i'm so mad and confused!
i received made in columbia.i received made in columbia and not made in england..amazon website says made in england and that's why i placed the order with amazon..the made in columbia tea pot was defective,rough on the surface ,print was not proper and color did not match my existing churchill china made in england..amazon replaced it 2 times and it had similar issues.the customer service at amazon was excellent they understood the issues with this item but could not do anything.looks like churchill china has shifted its manufacturing unit to columbia..made in columbia churchill china 5 piece set,teapot,gravy boat .is poor in quality,color and print and has rough surfaces..amazon was not able to provide me made in england i had a bad experience with this product..when i ordered the item the product description at amazon site said "made in england".
worst cooking tool ever.i bought this because of the five-star reviews. it comes with four recipes:  three for fish, one for pork chops.  nothing about chicken or beef.  the pork chop recipe says you can cook 1 1/2-inch thick pork chops in 14 minutes at 325.  so i thought i could cook a one-inch steak at the same temperature for a similar amount of time. it takes me 20 minutes using the broiler in the oven. well, after thirty minutes, i had a steak that was burned black on the outside and only 90 degrees fahrenheit on the inside -- in other words, raw -- not even body temperature.  so there went several dollars into the trash bin. now about the clean up. they say it's immersible except for the heating element. however, you will need to use your bathtub or an industrial size sink to immerse it. failing that, you will need a small brush such as a tooth brush and a lot of time to clean the grill. and you will need to waste a lot of water.  i ended up with water all over the counters, the floor, and myself. someone claims to have cooked a whole chicken.  i find that impossible to believe, unless it was a very tiny chicken. as a long time cook with a kitchen full of appliances and tools, i am appalled that this useless and expensive item made it to the marketplace
worst cooking tool ever.i bought this because of the five-star reviews. it comes with four recipes:  three for fish, one for pork chops.  nothing about chicken or beef.  the pork chop recipe says you can cook 1 1/2-inch thick pork chops in 14 minutes at 325.  so i thought i could cook a one-inch steak at the same temperature for a similar amount of time. it takes me 20 minutes using the broiler in the oven. well, after thirty minutes, i had a steak that was burned black on the outside and only 90 degrees fahrenheit on the inside -- in other words, raw -- not even body temperature.  so there went several dollars into the trash bin. now about the clean up. they say it's immersible except for the heating element. however, you will need to use your bathtub or an industrial size sink to immerse it. failing that, you will need a small brush such as a tooth brush and a lot of time to clean the grill. and you will need to waste a lot of water.  i ended up with water all over the counters, the floor, and myself. someone claims to have cooked a whole chicken.  i find that impossible to believe, unless it was a very tiny chicken. as a long time cook with a kitchen full of appliances and tools, i am appalled that this useless and expensive item made it to the marketplace
food sticking to skillets.i purchased a 10-inch and a 12-inch skillet and have a real bad problem with food sticking and i have tried different amounts of oil and different temps? very unhappy with both
cuisinart from macy's.ordered from amazon, shipped from macy's. ordered stainless pan, received wrong one with a non'stick surface which i did not want. macy's return policy required me to pay for return shipping, unlike amazon who lets you print out pre-paid return labels. major hassle dealing with macy's. very unsatisfied
this vacuum has limited use - keep looking.i bought this item and found it disappointing.  design-wise, it has a cheap feel, and the flip-down detailing nozzle is poorly designed and easy to break.  buyers should be aware that the main suction opening is only about 1 1/4 inches wide, so this vacuum is useless for rugs and stairs take forever.  it is good for limited detailing, like for cracks and windowsills.  the power wears down fairly quickly--another drawback.
wall mount is a fall mount!!.the vac has a big failing! the wall mount just does not work.  i attached the mount to the wall and the vac simply falls out.  stay away if you need a wall mount!!!! vac seems fine but it has a bearing noise when spinning down.
no nonstick for wok cooking!.you should not use nonstick coatings for wok cooking.  wok cooking is extremely high temperature. nonstick coatings tend to burn away and to "off gas" at wok temperatures. use hard anodized, plain or stainless steel for wok cooking. use an oil with a high smoke point. for everyday cooking i use canola or olive oils. i personaly use a blend of oils for chinese cooking. i use corn oil (or canola) as the base with a small amount of peanut oil (very high smoke point but has a distinctive flavor which is good for chinese thai etc) and a touch of sesame oil
don't buy this.totally lame.  uneven toasting on only 1 side.  you have to stand next to it and watch or everything will burn,  a loser of a produc
do not buy a delonghi product  bad customer service.i'd one through a couple of black and decker toaster ovens and wasn't impressed.  i decided to spend more hoping to get a superior product.  i own two other delonhi products that i'd been satisfied with so i purchased this model.  it looked to be more solidly built than the b d models.  i registered my oven through the web site.  about a month after purchase the plastic tab on the on/off knob broke off.  this is the thing you hold onto which allows you to turn the knob.  i called the delonghi 800 number.  i no longer had the receipt but figured i wouldn't need it since i'd registered on-line...the representative said she couldn't help me without the model #, serial# and purchase date.  she said she had no information regarding the registration of my product even though i did it online.  i found my credit card statement and gave her the date.  i read her the serial # except that i misread the letter "s" for a "5".  she said there was no serial # that was associated with that product and couldn't help me.  she was very rude and seemed put out that i had even called...i hung up and checked the serial #.  i saw my mistake and called back.  i got another person and explained the problem.  she wrote it up and gave me an order number for a new knob.  this was in july of 2006.  she said the part is backordered and should be available some time in september...i called today, october 30th to inquire about the knob.  the rep said they are still backordered and waiting for them to arrive from overseas.  they have no idea when they will arrive...i've owned this oven for nearly 6 months and only been able to use it for about one month...this has to be the worst customer service i've ever encountered.  i will not buy a delonghi product again.  bewar
horrible company service as well..i am writing this review on behalf of my mother. she had gotten this oven last year as a christmas gift she picked out for herself after the previous one died (and it was about 5-6 years old)...not even a year later, this oven went kaput...calls to delonghi sales service were apparently quite matter of fact and rude, something akin to "well, your warranty is expired, so go get it fixed." then she found out that getting the model fixed would cost half the price of the model. i do not feel that is conducive to keeping customers happy. she was quite displeased with delonghi and as such, delonghi ovens and other products will no longer be entertained as options by at least one suburban housewife/mother that i know of...as for its operation? yeah. it's an oven, it makes toast and it makes pizza and they taste good; but after about a year, it will die
good luck at closing the door!.i have owned several delonghi toaster ovens. the convection feature is great, it is quick to cook and cooks evenly. however, the number one capability of any toaster oven should be the ability to open and close the door securely. after just several months of use, not to mention several hundred dollars spent, the doors of these ovens will not close all the way...this resulted in inconsistent cooking temperatures in the interior of the oven. in short, we could not trust the oven to cook something properly. for the money, delonghi should be able to install a decent door latch...that is not asking for too much i don't think. even a 19.00 proctor silex from walmart has achieved this engineering feat...also, the toaster function is very slow....my great grandmother can cook toast faster and she is blind, uses a walker, and cooks on a wood stove.
my delonghi was twice nolonghi working.i received this as a gift, ordered from amazon, for x-mas 2005. i had previously had good experience with a 10 year-old delonghi convection toaster oven broiler that had recently developed a sticky timer-knob (but otherwise worked perfectly), so i put this on my x-mas wish-list since i felt it was time for a "refresh"...long story short, after 3 months of light use on this new model, the door became firmly stuck in the open position, and would not close. fortunately, i live near one of the few service centers in the us still doing business with delonghi, and after they had it for a month and could not fix it, delonghi shipped me a new one...well, one month of light-use later, the replacement would not turn on. this time, the local service center was able to repair it (they replaced the timer control) and i got it back in about two weeks. they mentioned that this part breaks "all the time"...my 10-year old delonghi is made in italy. in contrast, this current pos (piece of s***) is made in china...recommendation: do not subject yourself or anyone else to this product
stopped working after 5 months.i had a delonghi toaster oven that worked like a charm for 12 years. with no hesitation, i purchased this one. like the other posters, our toaster oven just stopped working for no apparent reason. what a hassle
another one bites the dust.unfortunately we bought this convection toaster oven before reading all the warnings that were posted about the machines breaking after just a few months. we had ours for about 3 months and the other day it just stopped working. do not purchase this toaster oven. it's not worth the hassle
quit working after 49 days.i agree with the previous posts....i had this product for 49 days and it just up and quit....hardly used it, once a day to cook lunch for my 3 y/o daughter.  thats it, nothing real demanding, maybe 15 minutes of use a day, more or less.  the product worked great, right up to that point.  i am in the process with dealing with delonghi now...we'll see.  i would not purhcase this product or another from delonghi.  49 days is ridiculous, esp. when other people have had the same problem.. i smell a lemon cooking
not terrible.these tongs are ok but they really do not have a solid feel to them. i get the impression that after some use that the bend is going to suffer metal fatigue and will eventually break.  i'd opt for a tong with a hinge mechanism if i had it to do over
good for 4 years.i've had this toaster for four years now. it just started going down hill recently. .-it started toasting too darkly on the settings i had consistently used for years. .-the digital setting knob no longer works, it is stuck on 4. .-it only shuts off when manually popped up. .i have to agree with other reviews that said it doesn't toast very even. i've noticed this in my four years of use. .so if your willing to pay the price for it to last 4 years get it. if not, try another with better reviews
this product deserves no stars.this pricey toaster is not worth its weight in bread.  for the first few weeks it seemed to evenly brown the bread but since then it has become the worst toaster i have ever owned.  it is impossible to get evenly browned bread instead you get burnt crust and blotches of brown randomly scattered over the bread.  save your money.  do not buy this product
awful on polished tile.i was looking for an easier way to maintain my new polished tile floor.  this machine left the floor wet and streaked.  i even went out and bought the lambswool attachment to polish the floor and it was ineffective.  at this time i am back to a mop and bucket.  also the cord is quite short
floor scrubber.just sent a hoover back to hsn. it worked very little and was a waste of money.  no more hoover for m
prof drs chicago cutlery metropolitan.best buy by consumer reports but quality disappointing.  after only a couple of months there's space between the blade and handle of a couple of the knives.  would not order again
bad product from a good company.this juicer is not worth the money.  it is not stable, and the juice spills all over because one cannot keep a glass aligned with the spout.  cuisinart makes great products, but this is a failure
can't  believe it a cuisinart.my kitchen is a virtual cuisinart show room. i can't believe they made such a shoddy product.  the machine isn't very efficient in juicing and you have to clean out the pulp after 2 oranges. ..i was hoping to be able to make fresh juice before work but it is just too time consuming. until i do a lot more research and get a replacement, fresh oj is for weekends only.
tired of dancing with it.if you want a good workout while juicing your morning orange juice, then buy this juicer. it's a better weight bearing excercise than lifting. you have to hold down the orange while holding down the juicer so it doesn't spin itself off the counter. i'm sure the ants that gathered on the counters in breathless anticipation of the sticky juice flying out will miss it more than me!..seriously, cuisinart should be ashamed of themselves for marketing such an ill-designed product. i brought mine back for a refund today
junk!.it appears to this consumer that a cuisinart engineer started out with a vast idea and ended up with a half vast product.  the juicer does nothing well or even half way satisfactorily.  would be ashamed to dispose of it at a garage sale
gimmick.this filter may be adequate if your water issues sparkling from a good well.  but if you are using a municipal water supply, forget it.  my coffee tasted exactly the same using this filter as it did without one at all--like chlorine!  and these little things are pricey.  makes a lot more sense to purchase a water filter pitcher.  that way you kill two birds with one stone--clean drinking water and flavorful coffee
metallic taste.after 30 days use, our coffee has taken on a metallic taste.  maybe it needs a new filter -- which are difficult to come-by...don't buy capresso filters #4440.90 as suggested in another review.  they are too big.
very poor performance.the pan doesn't perform as stated.  the muffins along the perimeter of the pan baked well enough, but the inside muffins were still underbaked, very gooey.  am extremely disappointed with this pan
eureak atlantis express is junk..bought a eureak atlantis express to clean up my couch which had some stains. it didn't work right even before i even turned it on. i filled the clean water tank with water and put it back into the unit, exactly as directed in the instructions. it leaked water through the vents at the bottom for the motor. so i thought maybe i did something wrong, so i tried it again, and it leaked water through the motor vents again. its like it is missing some extremely critical parts, which it probably is. i havn't even turned this piece of junk on and i gonna return it. dont waste your time or money on this machine
nice design, faulty manufacture.i'm normally a fan of oxo products and own many of their gadgets. these measuring cups are the first problem product i've had from oxo...both the 2 cup and 4 cup sizes cracked on the bottom of the cup, right at the plastic injection point (that little circle with the tiny bump in the center of it), and they both now leak at the crack. these cracks developed very soon after i bought them, and i only ever washed them in on the top rack of the dishwasher. because of the design of the cups, it's kinda annoying to wash them by hand - and they're not great for measuring dry ingredients for the same reason. so mine have gone into the garbage can, replaced by the kitchenaid cups of similar appearance (although without the handy interior measuring marks). my advice, keep your receipt if you buy these. or skip them and get the kitchenaid, which have a non-slip rubber ring on the bottom, another nice feature. and they won't crack in the dishwasher
clever but.......the darn thing had to be replaced twice in 6 months because it cracked on the bottom, dead center, and the milk i was measuring leaked out...i love the idea, though
after ten years , i bought a second unit.for simple functional serviceability this is the best value in coffeemakers ..i noted a stronger design in this carafe over the original model of a decade ago...nb: i dropped and broke the carafe of the first uni
a week old and bound for the rubbbish bin.oh my god, what junk. it spits, it sputters, it belches steam like a decrepit clothes iron. the heating element ticks nonstop; i can hear its staccato ticking and clicking all the way in the living room. it's annoying as hell but more than that, it's disconcerting. is it on the verge of shorting out? will it catch fire, set the kitchen ablaze? gives a whole new meaning to the phrase "coffee nerves."..what's more, and this really pissed me off, the pause--serve feature works only if you remove the carafe (which is supposed to activate the pause it but doesn't), stick your finger in the streaming hot coffee, and manually and forcibly depress the pause button. even then it pauses only a second, if you're lucky. so to avoid a mess you take hold of that carafe and hurry like a madman to pour--slopping coffee all over the place--but you needn't have bothered because right away coffee's streaming down, bubbling and boiling and cooking on the burner. without wiping up the spill you jam the carafe back in place (what else are you going to do?--it won't stop) where of course it starts to scorch and smell. now i ask you: what do you look forward to smelling while your morning coffee is abrew? brewing coffee by any chance? you'd be out of luck with this machine. today it produced an odor that was like a mix of burning plastic and cat pee. ..finally, whether you pour hurriedly or with the utmost care, the crummy carafe always makes a mess. it leaked every time i tipped it to a cup. ..the black  decker dcm2000w smartbrew coffeemaker is so junky it would be overpriced if they gave them away. for the discriminating but frugal coffee maker consumer, proctor silex's 46801 simply coffee coffee maker does a wonderful job and costs $5 less--it's a humble, unfancy workhorse that doesn't spit or sputter, has a perfectly functional stop-and-pour, a well-designed carafe, and it brews a delicious pot of coffee every time. i was frankly amazed at the quality for the price. when the carafe slipped out of my hand and broke the other day, i thought i couldn't wait a week for a replacement to ship. i dashed to target, meaning to buy another silex of the same model, but none was in stock. so i brought this lousy bd home instead. it's bad enough that that's twenty bucks i might as well have put through the paper shredder (nope, the receipt is long gone), but what's worse than the wasted money is that black  decker has somehow seen fit to put their ostensibly good name on a substandard product. they offer it for sale as if it were a viable piece of equipment in working order. it does not work. right out of the box it does not work. that's unethical. ..so until i can afford to invest in a pricey bunn, proctor silex has my grateful and devoted "cheapie" coffee maker business. and you know, i have to wonder if the vaunted bunn would really make a significantly better cup of coffee than the silex. somehow i doubt it.
poor quality.our first black amp; decker coffee maker didn't even last a year. . . the water pump stopped working.  we took it back to wal-mart for a replacement and was sorely disappointed that the new black amp; decker carafe dripped no matter how careful or slowly we poured.  it's strange because it looked like the same design as the last one which didn't leak.  back to wal-mart for our money back.  now we are wondering if there is a coffee maker out there that can make a good, hot cup of coffee that is convenient, easy to use amp; clean, drip free and still reasonably priced. also bought a black amp; decker iron that leaks like a sieve.  perhaps b amp; d needs to go back to the drawing board and design products that are leak proof
don't waste your money on this one!.this is a lousy coffee maker. it's less than two months old . and since the very beginning has steamed and spit excessively, . as well as brewing very slowly. this morning it took an hour . to brew 10 cups! cleaning, per the manufacturer's instructions . has not helped at all. don't waste your money on this one
cheaply made, cracked immediately.i have only used this nut chopper a few times, and only on walnuts which are fairly soft nuts. it has never been dropped. it is already cracked, chunks of the plastic are starting to fall away. it is only a matter of a few more sessions before it is useless
don't be fooled into buying this.....what a terrible quilt. i don't even think it deserves 1 star. the colors are dull and the border of the quilt doesn't even match the rest of the quilt. i could get better quality at a discount store. the worst thing is that even though amazon allows you to ship back to them with only a label, what they don't tell you is the cost will be deducted from your refund. the picture was false advertising.....do not buy this!! i wish there had been reviews before i bought it
look different from expected.picture of this comforter is different from it arrived. colors are dull, not vibrant color like in this picture
not what the picture says.......i bought this set a week ago and that time there were no reviews.....i wish there were...........first of all the comforter i received is totally different from what is there in the picture.....its very dull in color...as the other reviewer said the gold color in it is very dullish and looks boring......quality is like any other regular $50 - 70 dollar comforter...i bought it because it looked very vibrant in the picture and more than that amazon said that the retial price is $500 and there is a big discount on it. i was literally fooled in to this deal. i think amazon blew up the price only to fool us in to believing that this is a good deal at $70 price......... no sane person in this world will pay $500 for this set...p.s it is just like a regular cheap looking comforter....dont buy it if u appreciate quality and value......u can find a better comforter at your local target or walmart store and at a better price than this. this was my first bad experience with amazon, now i need to figure out how to ship this big fat ugly looking stuff back to them...:::latest update:::.finally i figured how to ship the comforter back...since i thought amazon is paying the return usps charge, i happily packed the comforter in the box in which i received, pasted the return label which i printed at home and dropped the box at nearest post office. after 2 weeks i received the payment back but amazon deducted $14/- for return shipping----now this was not acceptable, since the product which i received was not at all the way it was advertised. i called amazon (1-800-201-7575), their call rep.' was very courteous and quickly made the adjustment. so finally after a month or so the comforter story is over..........just wrote the lengthy review coz i dont want anybdy to go through all this and then get a sub standard product......thn
completely different color.the set arrived only 2 days after i ordered. the quality of the set is quite good. however, the color of the comforter is completely different with the color in the picture you see on the web. the feature color is coffee-ish, and the so-called gold trim color is actually soil like. also, i ordered the king size, but the queue size was shipped. returned the set.
disappointing experience with this brand.when it cooks properly, it's fine. however, the crock cracked after about 5-6 uses. they sent a free replacement crock (after a 4-6 wk wait), but the lid didn't fit the replacement. they sent a new lid (another 4-6 wk wait), but that didn't fit either, now it loses so much steam it doesn't cook well. and, as others have experienced, the metal exterior gets hot enough to actually burn you. very disappointing. i will not buy another one of these.
never worked correctly.we were given this a few years ago as a present.  i'd wanted a nice slowcooker but this one gave "slow" a whole new definition.  it would never heat up properly.  we could put 1 cup of water in it, set it to high, and leave it for days.  the water would never go above luke warm (too cold for a bath).  there was also a suprisingly large gap between the ceramic liner and the metal base causing it to sit extrememly loose.  ..in general i would never buy this again and i certainly would rethink the quality of farberware sold these days.  (we also bought their high quality pots and pans sold 5 years ago.  now we have to replace them because the anonized coating is wearing off and one has warped.)..get back to a quality product farberware
battery cover fell off and i lost battery in the grill..i was initially satisfied with the operation of the thermometer, but when i first used it at the grill, the battery cover came off and i lost the battery into the gas grill.  the battery cover was not made well and doesn't stay on.  i got a new battery, but i must say that after taping the thing together, it just makes me mad to look at it...  i would send it back to taylor, but i lost the address
disappointed!.i got this for christmas.  it died today!  tried replacing the battery and it still didn't work.  not a good choice
good well it worked.i purchased this thermoneter with the hope it would be a step-up from the basic model. the product never met that expectation. the quot;professionalquot; did not read any faster and after a couple of months the display faded. i have tried serveral batteries without improvement. stay away from this one
battery cover broke after a couple of months.for [money] i'd expect a little more quality.  i've had to tape the cover back on.  overall the thermometer was a little disappointing.  it takes about 5-10 seconds to get a stable reading.  it's not exactly instant read, but it seems accurate.  the min and max memory is useful, but they are a little tedious to reset.  on the plus side, the auto-off feature is nice since it save batteries
sturdy but ugly.the color on this is uneven and very dark its suposed to be cobalt, but is black to indigo.  don't be fooled by the picture, this bowl is very dark there is none of the vibrancy seen in the picture, except where the glaze is thin on the outside in odd ridges, there the color is closer to a pale indigo. this creates an unatractive stripping that looks cheap. but there is very little blue or cobalt color to this bowl
avoid the george forman grv160s.we received this as a gift for christmas.  although it did a good job cooking, after 10 uses it no longer worked.  in addition it was very hard to clean and had a strange odor, even after it was cleaned
this pan does not work.i have tried to use this pan over and over, and it does not work.  i have coated it with every type of non-stick grease i could think of, and the cake completely sticks every time.  it even takes 3 - 4 washings in the dishwasher, plus hand scrubbing to get the pan clean again.  i keep trying to get the pan to work because it was an expensive gift from my daughter, but i've given up
best ice cream scoop till the finish comes off.i also have had the ice cream scoop for around five years and noticed the finish comes off on your hands and ice cream.  it worked better than any other scoop but it worries me about the way it doesn't last.
shipping prices are ridiculous.$9.95 on shipping for this item.  i wish i would have realized that before i purchased, but it was in a large order.  give me a break.  i won't buy from them again
how not to ship glasses.i ordered these glasses along with some other items. they all showed up in a large box, packed with a single wadded sheet of butcher paper. the box looked like it had been used at least once previously. the glasses were, of course, reduced to several hundred small shards
fragile.i've broken two of these glasses in less than a month, most recently tonight when i picked up the larger glass full of milk and the entire bottom fell out.  the glass i broke previously didn't take much effort either.  be careful with these glasses -- they may look like a substantial glass, but they're very delicate
weak coffee - looks very cool - don't buy if you like strong coffee.i have tried and tried but the thing just makes weak coffee...i don't know how many different pods i have tried but the thing just can't make a strong cup. i have tried 2 pods - i have even tried making my own pods. if you try to jam too much coffee in it, it leaks and will try to pop it's head off...i have not done the proper "priming" that folks have mentioned and i also have detected a bit of a metalic flavor so that may be associated with my lack of effort...am going to try to return it because it is just too expensive to make a wimpy cupa joe
great idea..bad execution!.i was so excited when i got this senseo machine as a freebie, but was soon disappointed with the results. using its own pods, i found the coffee a bit watery and not as 'steaming hot' as i was used to. then there was the price factor. the pods are pretty expensive compared to regular fresh ground coffee. i bought the mypod container thinking i can get around this but found that the hot water doesn't correctly steep the coffee. it gives me even more watery coffee and sometimes water leaked around the opening onto the counter. so, for the price, i'd say skip this product. i got it for free and was less than satisfied so imagine spending $60 on it.
not that great!.my husband bought this machine because it was supposed to be fast and convenient, and with different schedules, easier to brew one cup at a time. it worked fine at first, but now after just 3 weeks it leaks hot water all over the counter. this has happened to both my husband and me so it's not bad technique on our parts. we follow directions exactly, but we keep having to stop it, open the lid, check the pods, reclose the lid and try again. this takes all the convenience out of it especially when you have to clean coffe puddles off your counter. this just isn't acceptable, but it's mostly plastic so probably to be expected. we have used other pods besides the senseo pods (which don't produce good coffee) but that shouldn't be an issue as they're all the same size. anyway, we're trashing it and have ordered the bunn professional which will hopefully do a much better job. i'll let you know in a future review. my advice on this one is either don't buy it or if you do, based on other positive reviews, keep the box and the receipt so you can return it when it starts malfunctioning
not as advertized.the ad said the shears come apart for cleaning..they do not
too small grip.i had to return the item without opening the package because the grip was too small. i have small hands. even though, only two fingers will fit comfortably and three fingers will fit tight. my husband didn't think he can put his fingers in. this is supposed to be shears for kitchen not craft. i need full grip.
great - for the price point.these are not your mother's cutting boards that will last a lifetime.  the wood is soft and marks deeply.  marks are standard fare for a cutting board, but the softer the wood, deeper the cutmark.  but for the price point they serve the purpose well
really not up to snuff.one of these boards has started to crack along the line where the wooden slats are bonded together (it really doesn't hold up to any soaking/wet environment). there are a number of "splintery" spots. the small is too small to be practical for much. still, the medium gets the job done (mostly)...these are not especially hard boards. i would recommend either a harder wood, or just going with plastic
looks great - but is really too wimpy.after reading reviews on the less expensive hamilton beach drink mixer, i decided to step up to the more powerful version.  very disappointing.  cup is way too small to make a decent milkshake and it doesn't crush frozen fruit cubes for smoothies.  it's definitely going back
made in china versus made in ohio.used to use calphalon made in ohio, recently bought calphalon made in china. appreciable and noticeably difference in quality of manufacture. i hope someone is listening...manufacturers, please make stuff in the us, 99% of us wouldn't mind paying for the difference, especially when it comes to the quality of consumer goods that are supposed to be designed to last 5-10 years
disappointed.we have had our 10 pc. set for 11 days and already two of the fry pans have small nicks in the inside surface.  the nicks could not be reproduced once the pans were cold, so i can only guess that the polymer infused surface, once hot, become soft and vulnerable.  we followed all instructions on using the pans -low heat, pre-heating, etc. one pan we have used daily to cook eggs.  the other we used once.  we wanted a set that tolerated metal utensils, so this set was especially appealing.  unfortunately, the nicks indicate that these pans do not hold up to regular use with metal.  when we took the pans into the store, they agreed to refund our cost.  they also said no one else had brought pans in with the same complaint
for the money, there are much better alternatives.unlike other all-clad products, this pan does not have an aluminum core (despite the product description, which is just a generic description that applies to their main cookware).  therefore, it is less effective than those that do, particularly when it comes to deglazing on the stove-top after roasting.  without the aluminum core, heating is not distributed as evenly or as fast...for your money, look for a pan that actually is aluminum clad steel (ironically, the process from which all-clad derives its name, yet doesn't live up to in this instance).  ..i love all-clad products, especially the copper core stainless products.  there simply isn't a better line of cookware.   however, this seems to be their one exception.  will it perform better than cheap grocery or discount store roasters? certainly.  but if i'm spending $200, i'm going to go with the superior, truly aluminum clad roaster that mauviel offers, or even the roaster offered by kitchen aid (for $50 less).  if you really want to splurge, viking offers one as well, but for $275.  ..all-clad does not live up to its namesake on this product.  the truly discerning home-chef is well-advised to keep looking
quality looked good, but finish was not attractive at all..i have to admit that i agree with one of the earlier posters, the finish is nto attractive at all.  it looks as if it was painted with splatter paint.   i've returned the item and decided it's worth it to pay a bit more money for a higher quality product.
fuctional but unattractive finish.do not let the term "hammered steel" deceive you. the rack has a very unattractive industrial black/chrome finish over a smooth steel surface. this is not the same finish that is seen on more expensive racks.  on the plus side the unit seems sturdy and functional
problems with the transmission.i ordered one of these mixers when they were $125.  i received the mixer and it looked great but it had a terrible noise in the transmission in the lower gears and when you went from a high speed to a lower speed the gears would slip.  i returned this one and amazon send me a second that had been packaged poorly and was damaged in shipment. the second one also had the same problem with the gears as the first one did
doa.i ordered one for my mother's b-day, it arrived defective; the motor sounded as though a brush was loose. be careful w/ the refurbs. never had a problem w/ amazon refurbs before, but i'll be cautious hereon out. fortunately, mom is both frugal and forgiving, and we're getting her a new one
cheap steel, burns food.don't buy it. the quality of the steel is poor and the bottom of the pan burns whatever you are cooking. i have used it twice for boiling and the inside is already stained and won't come clean. the steel has impurities. the manual itself says not to use it on high temperatures...... believe me, amazon is making a deal here, not you
not a good choice.i was very disappointed with this.  the top is very difficult to open, it is very loud when brewing, and there are too many steps in preparing to brew compared to my old coffee maker (the starbucks model which was recalled).  i actually liked the starbucks model much better.  also, the gold filter basket recommended to purchace with this item does not fit!  i returned both items
pooper scooper.read the description: quot;red, enamel-like handlequot;. quot;enamel-likequot;. it's not enamel, as i found out to my cost when i left this scoop in the pan, and it melted all over my smeg hob and ruined 1100 worth of fitted oven. not good. i normally love kitchenaid products (apart from their baster) but give this one a big thumbs down
holmes 2041  vs honeywell hw628 window fan.i recently compared the holmes and honeywell (kaz) twin window fans side by side. both were reasonably quiet, electronically reversible, and were similarly priced (lowes and target, respectively). the holmes fan is more attractively designed but the honeywell had 2 to 3 times the blowing strength as the holmes. also, the honeywell fan (but not the holmes fan) has angled louvers which can be turned to direct the flow from each fan in a different direction. i don't know which fan is built more to last, but based on the airflow, i purchased the honeywell
the amazing no-breeze fan!.the breeze provided by this fan can only be likened to the movement of air inside a sealed jar sitting in the sun: the air moves, but that movement is only detectable at the molecular level.  with both motors of this fan running on high intake, you can feel the air move only if you're seated directly in front of it, at a maximum distance of about 24 inches.  in fact, when i plugged in this fan for the first time and turned it on, i at first thought that the fan was set on outake (i.e., pulling air out of the room); instead, the most gentle imperceptible breeze was wafting directly at me.  this fan is very quiet; however, no fan would be quiet as well, while the breeze coming through the window would be about the same.  to properly summarily evaluate this product, i wanted to give it no stars, to indicate the fan's complete abandonment of its function, but alas, ... rating system's lowest rating is one star.  purchase this product only if you wish to circulate air inside a small box
senseo hd7810 single-serve coffee machine.i like the idea of a single serve coffee maker ad the easy disposal of the coffee grounds but the senseo makes it difficult to make a full "american" sized cup and there is too much froth...i have since purchased a keurig single cup coffee maker and love it
good coffee but bad quirks.while we were pleased with the quality of the coffee produced, we are totally fed up with its leaking and dumping water.  we live in a rural area and at least a couple of times a year the power goes out.  this coffee pot has a 'vacation' setting that you use when on vacation. if you unplug appliances when you travel you'll return to a counter full of water and an empty coffee maker.  unfortunately, if the power goes out, the coffee maker decides that it has been unplugged and dumps its contents all over the counter.  ..also, after years of ones that turn themselves off after a couple of hours, it is annoying to spend this much for one and have that basic feature missing.  one instance of brain rot could easily burn down your house if you forget to turn off the pot before leaving the house
the bunn coffee maker is a dissapointment.i had a difficult time trying to find a decent coffee maker that would actually give me a good tasting, hot cup of coffee. one would think that the bunn unit would be the one, especially if you consider the fact that bunn is the brand of coffee makers usually found in restaurants and coffee shops. i was very dissapointed with the bunn unit and returned it after two days. i did not like the fact that you had to leave the switch on in the back reservoir of this unit, which is suppose to keep water hot for coffee. not only is this a potential fire hazard to leave an appliance on 24-7, but once you brew a pot of coffee with the "hot" water from the reservoir, it does not stay hot and i found my coffee was tepid when i added milk to my cup of java. another problem is that you cannot get a full pot because the water evaporates as it is constantly cooking and boiling away in the reservoir. if you want to brew two pots in a row, this will not work. the second pot of coffee will be weak and will be semi-hot, because the water in the reservoir has to be in there for a considerable amount of time to get heated up. i tried many different brands of coffee, all expensive, which should have given me a nice tasting coffee. however, i found every pot to have a bitter taste. this coffee maker is not what i expected at all. in the future i will pay attention to consumer reports before i purchase a coffee maker. and... if you read these reports, you will not find the bunn coffee maker at the top of their list. don't waste your time or money on the bunn coffee maker, take my advice!
cannot be used as punchbowl!.i have an anchor hocking cake pedestal that can be turned over to make a punch bowl.  my sister-in-law recently borrowed it for a party and i heard her say how much she liked that it could be either punch bowl or cake pedestal.  so, i ordered a pretty anchor hocking pattern called savannah for her birthday. it stated in its product features "turn the footed cake plate over and insert the cake dome to have a handy punch bowl!" i specifically ordered it for this purpose.  it arrived and i tested it--the ball on top of the dome does not fit into the space on the bottom of the cake pedestal (as my original had). now i'm bummed and out of time :
no fleur-de-lis.these dishes are everything they say they are except the embossed pattern does not in any way, shape, or form resemble a fleur-de-lis, but rather looks much like a scorpion or bug, complete with a body and legs. the smaller pattern in between the insects resembles a marijuana leaf. so...if you want to impress guests with bugs and pot leaves on your serveware this is the set for you
they arrive broken!.i love the dishes.  i ordered 3 sets (12) square plates, 3 sets (12) round salad plates, 1 set footed round bowls (4), 2 sets rimmed bowls (8) and 2 sets (8) mugs.  so far, the plates arrived but in 1000 pieces.  sent them back and they only have 1 set to send me. it hasn't arrived. one set of salad plates was broken, but has been replaced.  the 4 footed bowls arrived fine.  one set of rimmed bowls was chipped.  one set of mugs was broken.  i haven't received the lable to send them back.  so, now i have 12 salad plates, 4 mugs, 4 footed bowls, 4 rimmed bowls....and no hope of owning a complete set.
description of color is misleading.amazon misleadingly describes the color of this set of dishes as "pantine green," and the photograph shows items that appear to be a bluish-green.  this is completely false.  be forewarned that the color is in no way green - it is a light, dusty blue.  i ordered two sets, and when they arrived i was disappointed that they don't match my decor, since the dishes are baby blue and my other stuff is green and gold.  so i am returning them, which is going to cost me almost as much as the dishes themselves cost, since each set weighs about 25 pounds.  (amazon is charging me for the cost of return shipping since they say the return is "not their error"!!!)  the shape and size of the dishes seemed acceptable - they are your typical stoneware with some faux-distressing to give them that french provincial, flea-market find look.
my husband has a fit with these..these shakers are adorable. very small and cute... but, unless you look closely at them, it's very easy to mix them up. my husband has fits over them and swears he'll find a way to mark them "s" and "p" if i don't switch them out. often we'll use the larger range shakers by fiesta instead of these. buy the range shakers instead of these if you can find them. i bought mine from amazon
order never received.when checked with ups tracking number, it was stated . the order was damaged and ups had sent it back to sender.. delivery to me was never attempted..   i had expected that you would honor my original order,. instead you issued me a credit to my account. i still . would like to get the 16 piece set and would appreciate it. if you would send it out cod, or let me know if i can charge. it to my american express card in advance..   thanking you in advance,.     lynn mielk
shipped broken.can't say much about it other than it was shipped to me with one of the arms broken off.  how do you screw that up
disintegrates if used for ice drink.i'm not sure what's going on here, cuz half these reviews seem to say it works great.  i decided to make a daquiri using the simple recipe of a bacardi mixer, rum and ice.  i've done this in an el cheapo osterizer by pre-crushing the ice with an ice crusher.  the selling point for this was that i could just put in the ice cubes and skip the extra step...i heard the same loud noise, and the same funky smells, as other reviewers.  further, looking at the rubber-covered wheel on the base which is supposed to drive the blades, the rubber was peeled and disintegrated, and moreover, there were small chips of metal all over the place.  after one use...i have difficulty believing that this is just a fluke, especially with these other reviews...i wouldn't call this product "professional" at all, and i'm surprised that waring is still trying to sell it
disappointed smoothie lover.i received my waring blender on march 17.  today is march 19, and i just tried to use the otherwise lovely machine to make a smoothie.  that proved to be disastrous.  as was mentioned in other reviews, the blades jammed up within seconds and the blender began to smoke. i could smell rubber burning.  not a fragrance one wants to experience when trying to make breakfast!  i stopped the blender, stirred the mixture (in the event some frozen fruit was clogging the blades), and tried again.  the mixture seemed to blend ok on high for about 20 seconds, then the blades died on me again.  once more, i stopped, stirred, and tried again.  the unit continued to smoke and smell of burning rubber, so i quit.  smoking appliances (other than toasters, i suppose) are not for me, so i will be returning this blender.  this was my very first blender, and although i was sure to follow the directions exactly, i got terrible results...a chunky, grainy smoothie.  hopefully, i'll find another machine that works twice as well for half the price
smokin', stinkin', pretty little blender.well, i just got my blender, real excited to use it, filled it up with the ingredients, flipped on the switch , and within 5 seconds it started smoking, badly, and then died.  i turned it off and tried to turn it on again, and all it did was make a grumbly noise.  so i am sending it back and sticking with my old hamilton that i have had for 9 years.  why did i quit using it in the first place.  $20 blender and it made a perfect smoothie.  $79 for this waring and it crashed and burned on me.  my advice is it looks nice, but it isn't worth the money, especially since it died right away on me.  oh well...
terrible!.this blender did not work on a measly smoothie.  the design of the carafe may be the problem.  blenders with a funnel-shaped carafe work best because the motor creates a tornado-like suction that moves everything to the center and down.  this waring blender has a straigt-sided carafe.  i had to use a spoon every time to get a smooth result... and ice?  forget it!  i sent mine back and ended up getting a black and decker $39 one from target and loooove it
looked good --- but.liked the easy to use controls but toaster does not toast.  whether toasting bread or bagels, the bread never darkens -- only gets slightly warm and slightly hard.  also, takes a really long time to get your untoasted toast.
maybe i did something wrong, but....everyone else seems happy with this thing, but i have been very dissappointed.  no matter how i scour and wash the inside of this urn, i am always left with a gritty, oily deposit on the bottom.  when i refill the urn with water and heat it (i use it only for hot water, not coffee), i get an oily film on the water.  it is unuseable and i will have to replace it.  for what it's worth, i do not get these deposits or oily surface on the same tap water when boiled in a regular kettle.  avoid this product
this item is scary.when the ice cream scooper arrived it was nice and shiny. after one use and wash all the coating peeled off in a scary grey blackish residue. my 5 year old daughter freaked out when she tried to use it to scoop herself some ice cream as the scooper left this weird residue on the ice cream. she only ate a couple bites and then told me about it. i am taking her to the doctor to make sure she is ok. scar
rusted!.i have used this item a total of twice and handwashed it after each use.  it is already rusted under the rim as well as in various places in the quot;bowlquot;.  i would not recommend this and wish that i could return this item
did i receive the same knives as the rest of the reviewers?.reading the reviews on this set as well as the great price led me to think i was getting a great value.  when they arrived i was a little unimpressed with the packaging but once i pulled the knives out the initial look, feel, and weight will make you think this is a serious set.  however, even upon the first use i quickly began to realize why they are so inexpensive.  even cutting something as simple as a tomato the skin torn and vegetable flattened and mangled from draggin the knife back and forth just trying to get a cut.  these knives are pitifully bad, not just below average, but absolute junk.  they look good on the counter and the serated ones work okay (but anything serated will cut a steak), but as far as real kitchen knives go these fall very short of being performers.  i find myself using the steak knives to cut everything now which definately isn't the best option for most things.  because they're stamped, sharpening isn't really a viable option.  they're not going to be easy to get a good edge on and they're not going to hold it very long either.  save up another 40-50 bucks and do it right the first time or you'll be disappointed like me
too good to be true.this set does make a great first impression but, before you buy, you should know what you're getting.  i bought these as a gift for my mom and i wouldn't suggest buying these knives as a gift.  they'll embarass you.  the amazon description is accurate, but what they don't say is substantial.  the knives look great, and really look like a quality forged set.  the packaging is your first hint that it isn't, though.  they're shipped in the actual packaging, which is plain cardboard.  the packaging is pretty good, but the plainness of it is reminiscent of those products bought in bulk quantities by flea market vendors.  the only marking is a reminder that they're made in china.  inside, you find a pretty nice looking set, but the only documentation is an inkjet-printed, giftcard-style insert showing the amazon cover-photo, a brief description and contents list.  it also reminds you they're made in china, and that they're exclusive to amazon (aka generic.)  the actual knives also have the unusual generic-like quality of having no name printed on them.  even most cheap knives say something...the main thing that attracted me to this set initially, is the completeness of the set.  it has pretty much every knife that one might use on a daily basis.  no more reaching into the drawer for a knife, unless it's the odd pseudo-knife like a grapefruit knife or cheese slicer.  also, all slots in the block are filled.  this isn't a "starter" set...the blades come with a pretty good initial edge.  even the cleaver would shave hair from my arm.  the sharpening steel is pretty good, but the stainless used for the knives isn't the same quality of premium knives.  it will take an experienced hand with the steel to get a decent edge again...now, for the really bad part.  i almost thought the knives were forged rather than stamped, they look so good.  believe me however, they're not.  in fact, the rivets aren't even riveted or welded, they're just glued.  i noticed after only a few days, that two rivets were missing from one of the knives, and one from another.  i looked around, and found all of them on the kitchen floor.  the larger, chopping knives hadn't even been used yet.  these were two of the smaller knivfes and no, they hadn't been in the dishwasher.  how embarassing!  i hope the knives never do get accidentally get run through the dishwasher.  i'm afraid the knives might come completely apart...if you get the set, plan to use them yourself and keep some glue handy.  if you buy them as a gift however, make sure they're for someone you don't like anyway
not so good.they are beginning to rust.... and a little too heavy, not very balanced. i would not recommend this product, even though the price is really low.  you're better off spending a little more for a quality product
bad taste.the percolator worked ok, but because the heating element is.inside the actual percolator, it gave the coffee a terrible.metallic, plastic type taste.  totally ruined the coffee..i did not realize that's how it would be when i bought it..since then i have bought a ge percolator with the regular.plug in cord and love it
pro line is the worst!! do not buy!.the kitchen aid pro line line of products are absolute garbage.  when i got my kitchen remodeled i wanted to buy all new, all high-end kitchen counter appliances.  i thought (and still do think) that the pro line is the best looking line of appliances.  my praise stops there.  ..i started with the coffee maker which i returned within 1 week.  the maker made good enough coffee but 1) i had to pull the maker out from under my cabinets to make coffee as it released soooooo much steam and 2) as the steam rose up the side of the machine the condensation would drip down the side leaving a nice puddle of water for me to clean up.  an absolute mess...at the same time i bought the pro line coffee maker.  from the outset it was a bit messy as whenever you pull out the glass jar, grounds fall everywhere.  i forgave it that flaw as again i was swayed by the look.  i realized that after having it for awhile and looking a lot closer at it that it had hairline cracks throughout the entire painted part of the appliance.  i have it out of the way on the counter so you can't see the flaws in the paint...the third and last appliance i bought was the 4 slice toaster.  my mother had a $15 toastmaster for 20 years that performed better than this piece of junk.  from day one i found the toasting to be uneven and definitely not delivering toast worthy of the price i paid for the appliance.  i've had the machine just over 2 years now and over the last 2 months the "off/on" dial on one side of the toaster has begun to not always turn on (or off) when turned.  it takes a few times of turning.  additionally, two weeks ago a simple lift of the toast lift lever resulted in the black plastic handle snapping in two.  i now have a lovely sharp shard of plastic protruding from the machine...i shop a lot on amazon and definitely read reviews, but never feel compelled to write one.  this is my first review ever and i write it to save other consumers the nightmare that has been the last 2 years with pro line.  i continue to see the expansion of the line and look longingly at the waffle maker, blender, etc.  yet nothing will ever sway me again to buy anything in this pro line.  save yourself the trouble - do not buy!!!!
very disappointed.i bought the simac mx700 pastamatic pasta maker to replace my cuisinart pasta maker.  my cuisinart was a bull at making pasta.  it made 1-1/2 pounds at a time and was never a problem.  i do not feel the same way about the simac.  mine would overheat during extruding.  also, it barely made enough pasta to feed my family of 4.  it finally died after 1-1/2 years of use.  when i say died i mean it started smoking and making very strange noises. also, there is no way i was going to send it back to italy for service. i have resigned myself to purchasing homemade pasta at the store. i wish i could find a better pasta machine.  what i really wish is that cuisinart still made a pasta machine
waste of money  energy!.i bought this iron because a friend had recommended the sunbeam brand to me.  in fact, she has had her sunbeam for 15+ years.  it worked for its intended ironing exactly twice.  the third time i was to use it, the iron failed to heat at all and this "non-leak" iron leaked all over the floor, the ironing board, and my clothes.  i unplugged it and started again thinking it might simply be a glitch.  the same thing happened again.  and, again.  i am returning this excuse for an iron today.  don't make the mistake i did and order this iron
don't judge the iron by it's cover....this iron is such a piece of junk.  i bought it because, as with most impulse buys, it was the 'prettiest' one on display.  i used it a handful of times; this iron made you dread the job even more than normal.  it got hot enough to be dangerous, but not hot enough to remove those nasty wrinkles from your clothes.  over, and over, and over, and over you'd iron--only to have your clothes look like you'd freshly pulled them from the dryer, rather than spent 30 minutes ironing a shirt so it could look so-so.  steammaster?  what steam?  after ironing for 20 minutes, the steam might act like it thought about steaming, give a small 'poof' of steam, and it was done.  that was all the steam you got.  no steam?  ok, just shoot it with the mist button.  sure--if you hold the iron 10 inches back from your clothes.  perhaps sunbeam figured it would be fun to guess where to aim each time you spray your clothes. well, after using it, oh, probably ten times...kapoot.  dead as a doornail (whatever a doornail is).  .in the meantime, my sister was wandering through wal-mart, and lo-and-behold, there sat the 'prettiest' iron on the shelf.  we obviously swim in the same gene pool, because into her cart it went.  she won't use hers because water dribbles out of the holes and from around the soleplate before it has a chance to become steam.  there may be more details, but they are unbeknownst to me, other than the fact that she hates hers, as well, and is returning it soon..two irons...two horror stories.  not a good average, sunbeam
nice iron, couple of flaws..i actually do like the iron, i love the steam shot, but the spray needs to be redone, it never hits my clothes, it always sprays above and beyond my clothes onto the floor.  i just don't use that feature.  my problem is with the retractable cord, as a previous reviewer stated, you have to wrestle with the cord to get it to fully retract.  well, in doing so, mine broke.  i have to hold the cord under my hand now when i'm ironing.  otherwise, it just shoots right back inside the iron.   ughhhh!! that drives me nuts.  i guess, it doesn't really pay to try to get a little more fancy with your iron.  i'm going back to the good old stand by
ditto 1st review-->christmas purchase dead already.bought it in december...has been leaking since the begining of this month...i'm actually here to find a away to get my money back when i felt compelled to leave a review...there are better ones out there...guess you can't buy quality irons for less than $50 bucks anymore :
died after five months.i bought this iron about five months ago and it completely stopped working yesterday. i have no idea why it suddenly broke. i used it about four times a week and was not impressed.  even when it was working, the steam generated was not great. there are much better irons out there for the same price. the best thing about this iron was the retractable cord, but you had to manipulate that to get it to retract fully.
coffee diva.the reviews for this item were mixed but i needed a pot for my office where i could brew a fresh cup when i wanted to.  well, this coffeemaker is not only messy but doesn't brew a decent cup of coffee.  it is currently in a cabinet gathering dust.  i bought a thermos carafe and have a better cup of coffee without the mess
don't waste your money!.thought this would be a good idea for a single person, but its just a badly designed product that b  d knows is junk and will not do anything about it. i have the same probelm with coffee grounds spilling over the top of the coffee basket and getting into the coffee cup, the water holder, etc. instead of just cleaning out the basket each day, you must unplug the entire unit and wash it out under the sink as coffee grounds are everywhere. contacted bd and they sent a new filter, but the problem is the filter needs to be redesigned to solve the situation. save your money, you will just end up throwing this out or not using it
orininal one was great - this is junk.i am the only coffee drinker in my family and had a brew n' go for over 6 years when the mesh filter began to separate from the plastic.  unfortunately, black and decker changed the design and i was unable to find a replacement filter from them or anybody.  i looked for a replacement single cup coffee maker in several retailers and finally found one on amazon at a very reasonable price. ..however, newer is not better.  the new model filter only has screen on the 2 sides and is mostly plastic, where as the original was mostly a fine screen with plastic reinforcement...from the very first cup it was a disappointment, as coffee grounds overflowed into my cup and throughout the coffee maker.  this new design filter does not let the water pass through quick enough when you use a fine or moderate grinds of coffee.  with larger grinds the coffee comes out weak,  or if you try to make it stronger by adding more grinds you can have the same overflow problem! for months i would put coarse coffee in the bottom and the better fine ground coffee on top and crossed my fingers...then the other day i was in cvs and saw a single cup coffee maker for 15 bucks.  it has a mostly screen filter like the original bd and works great!  the next day i was in big lots and found another one that appears to use a #2 filter (so replacements can be easy in the future) and it works great for 10 bucks!!..the black and decker is going in the trash!!  save yourself the hassle and get something else and make sure it has a lot of screen area in the filter.
disappointing product.i agree with other reviewers - the grounds overflow problem is a big problem - they go everywhere!  the only thing i've found that helps is (1) be sure the top is tightly closed before brewing, and (2) switch to a heavier grind of coffee for less "float".  the permanent filter is only good if you like lots of silt in the bottom of your cup.  i tried the largest grind available, and still there's plenty of silt.  i'm glad to hear others are buying #1 paper filters - i'll try that.  don't bank on this product being something black  decker will stand behind - i've talked to them once on the phone, and written online once, and they aren't able to help, nor do they even acknowledge the product shortcomings.  they actually seem surprised at its flaws!  i wish they'd have told me about the paper filters - that would have solved much of my complaints.  bd has farmed out production and service to another company who simply puts the bd name on it.  my best advice - rule this one out, and try something else.  there has to be something better
handles not comfortable, high price.i shopped between the tri-ply and the simply calphalon stainless product lines... tried them out in a local store.  i recommend the simply calphalon set which has a much more comfortable handle.  the tri-ply is quite a bit heavier; the handles are very uncomfortable with the tri-ply especially with the additional weight, even when empty;  it might have slightly better heat distribution than the simply line, however the simply line does have pretty good heat distribution; the tri-ply is quite a bit more expensive...go with simply calphalon stainless for better product for the price.  (i've owned my simply set for almost 2 years now -- very satisfied.
will need to buy another espresso machine ....i bought this 4-cup venus stainless steel bialetti product after using a similar aluminum one that i loved in italy. it does not perform as well...if you can wait 25 minutes for it to make you one cup of espresso (even though it says 4 cups, there's no way it would make that much), then this might be ok for you to buy it. i thought it would make at least 2 cups, but it doesn't. the water doesn't go all the way out of the bottom part, no matter how long you leave it for - after 25 minutes, you have one cup...i would take it back, but i can't be bothered. will be buying another one for sure - maybe this time an automatic espresso maker
what a mess!.fortunately this product was cheap because i am just going to throw it away.  it makes a big mess in the kitchen, spitting water and rice liquids all over the counter.  i only tried to make 2 cups (cooked) but it still just bubbled up and ran all over everything.  maybe it was the sticky rice but i tried others and it did the same thing.  it is not worth the trouble to send back
surprised...i thought it was a ktchenaid.i've purchased a kitchenaid blender and food processor this year and since then stocked my kitchen with ka utensils since i equate the kitchenaid name with high quality. unfortunately this item like so many other chinese-made pieces where companies slap their name onto it doesnt stand up. i noticed it was staining where the silicon head met the plastic handle and then a few weeks later a tear developed and then it was gone. this item was 2 weeks old and didnt serve any more strenuous duty than mixing batter or stirring a sauce.  i may try the french made le creuset spatulas next. ive learned that regardless of the name check on the quality and where it is manufactured
so fragile it's not worth it..the glasses are so easy to break my set of six lasted 2 month..good concept but extremely poor quality
not a good buy, cheap, very fragile, easily breakable.i am not impressed with this product whatsoever.  if i had not thrown the packaging away they would have been returned.  cheap glass, very fragile, not good quality at all.  you could never wash these in a dishwaster and you'll need to be very careful when washing by hand.  much more flimsy than a cheap wine glass from target, walmart etc.  very unusual for bodum as everything else i have purchased from them is excellent
gonna return if i could.i bought this machine to slice meat for hotpot but it is really not possible to do so. the plastic body moves back and force,  and when i push the meat through, it makes really thick pieces. will buy another one that is made of steel
lasted 3 days.i purchased this knife for cutting home-made bread in a slicing-guide. while i liked the look and feel of the knife, it lasted about three days - after that the blade would "wiggle", but wouldn't actually cut anything. amazon happily took a return, and i will be looking for another electric knife to try
broken bowl and dinner plate.i bought this and had it on rush order because i wanted to use this for thanksgiving. i received it today and one bowl is totally shattered and a dinner plate is split in the middle. there isn't an email i can direct my complaint too. i wanted a replacement from amazon but i have to send back the broken plate and bowl which will cost more money to get a replacement. i'm not happy
unrefined design - or unbaked alaska.this is an interesting unit. interesting that it made it out of the design phase without anyone at panasonic declaring the emperor naked. when it works with a fresh battery, it does okay and makes a creamy soft-style ice cream. once. if you let it set in the freezer overnight, that soft-serve becomes arctic perma-frost. often, when not in use, the unit randomly turns on and begins churning in the cupboard. the unit does the opposite when in use in the freezer. it goes on strike without a note to management. its on-off control is one big software enabling button that has its own schedule and if it happens to coincide with yours, its pure luck. i've bought more batteries for this than any appliance in my house. i don't know why. same reason we play the lottery. i guess the stainless bowl would make a great dog water dish
will apparently never know....items were received broken, not once but twice.  after receiving broken items twice and returning them (as instructed and immediately), i was informed that i would not be able to receive the items ordered at all, because ? ? ?  very unhappy with the outcome of this transaction
it's in the trash.i enjoy professional strength tools.  things that can get the job done.  after bending 3 blades and having countless problems using this device, it's now in the trash.  you have to be very slow and delicate to make it work - very slow and very delicate
tight lid.i have only used this item one time since getting it.  the lid is extremely tight, and i do not have the strength in my hands to pop it off. i have several other pyrex products that i use regularly, and even though the lids are also tight, they are not nearly as tight as this item. this item has a different kind of lid than the other products. also i found the capacity too small to really accommodate my lunch. if you have arthritis, carpal tunnel or lack of strength in your hands, you might want to rethink getting this product
how is this an helpful item?.i bought two of these, first two times using them, everything stuck to them. in both cases i was making cookies (with a lot of butter). i didn't add any additional spray/lube/butter to the mat, because i thought that was the point of using them. theoretically cleanable in a dishwasher, but they're so floppy and large that it's impractical. i left them soak in the sink and the dough did come right off after a few minutes of soaking. but... how is this better than a regular cookie sheet? i can put that in the dishwasher. a cooking salesperson today told me she had the silpat (or similar) and they worked great. i told her mine stuck and she said, "oh, you must have the kitchenaid ones.".buy something else
rip off product.this product is a rip off, it smells of burning melting plastic when you put it in the pot of water w/ eggs. i was afraid the chemicals would leach into my kids eggs
what a waste.catches some crumbs.. sides are cheap plastic spread too far apart to hold knife... waste of money, waste of tim
norpro bread slicer.i agree with all the other reviews. it is a very cheap product. as other have stated the end piece keep coming out, and the knives do not work well in the slots. i would not recommend this product to anyone.
don't waste your time.i purchased this slicing guide to help make even slices for sandwiches.  as others before me have noted the sides are too far apart to accomodate a bread knife safely.  i've even looked for a longer bread knife but can't seem to find one.  even with taking great care the cheap soft unfinished wood has been gouged.  the second time my husband used it the forward motion of the knife that had slipped out of the guide knocked off the side and now the screws for that side won't stay in the wood without changing the way the slots line up.  i truly regret this purchase
amazon emailed me to review a product they cancelled.i ordered three of these pans for a price of $9.49 each but amazon cancelled the order because they said they were out of stock.  i suppose it was a price mistake.  now i get an email asking me to review the item i ordered but never received.  hmmm.  ..what can i say?  i probably would have liked the pans...confirmation email:.shipping estimate for these items:  june 5, 2006 - june 19, 2006.delivery estimate:  june 7, 2006 - june 22, 2006   3 "circulon 2 12-inch open stir fry".kitchen; $9.49.. sold by:amazon.com
piece of junk.i really like the coffee pot except for the glass knob that shatters every 2 months and blows scalding coffee all over the kitchen..  i've been burned twice because of this.. and have filed a formal complaint with the us consumer product safety commission...i cannot get the salton melitta people to give me lifetime glass knob replacements.. so i will be returning mine to the store where i bought it before the warranty runs out.  don't buy this item.. junk
keep looking.this product looks good but that's where it stops. i wish i would have looked up reviews on this product before i purchased it. we have gone through 2 machines in 3 months. first machine leaked from the handle and the spout, we even had problems getting the coffee to come out as the spout handle had a mind of its own. the second machine was fine for a while, then the handle started leaking as coffee brewed and the last straw was when the glass knob blew up as the coffee was perculating. what a mess. it is obvious that there is no qc at the factory. walk away from this one, it is an accident waiting for a place to happen. i am just glad no one was in the kitchen at the time of the explosion
unbelievably bad.the moment i received this urn i took it out of the box to see how well it worked.  as the water reached the 25 cup mark the base started leaking in one spot.  by the time i called customer service and got through to a representative, water was coming out around the entire product.  it's amazing that this thing is on the market
don't bother ordering.i want to first make it clear that the rating is for amazon, not the product..i decided to order this steamer after reading the reviews.  is the product good?  bad?  i don't know.  i can't tell.  it's been a month and a half and i have not received my order yet..amazon kept changing the shipping date on me without notifying me.  i have communicated with three reps and my conclusion is they have no clue when this thing will be available, yet they kept promising customers that it will be shipped within 1 to 2 weeks on the website.  they kept upgrading my shipping but there is nothing for them to ship to me!.i am glad that i just saw the other customer's post on the review section. she ordered it back in august and has not yet received it..after reading that review, i know that there is no point to wait any longer.  i cancelled my order..if you are really interested in getting this steamer, my advice is don't bother wasting your time.  try it somewhere else..
don't buy this one!.this steamer worked for about a week and then starter to work intermintently. hot water was condensing in the hose and spilling out of the unit. the hot water burned my wife. i sent the unit back to conair, they refunded my money, but said that this was normal operation and that their engineers found no problems with the unit. i seems that they think a unit that spills boiling hot water on you is normal. i have since replaced it with a different brand and have had no propblems. pass this one by
not worth the money.this mandoline slicer was a disappointment. it is very difficult to operate, especially when slicing tougher vegetables like butternut squash or even onions. it is very hard to keep the vegetables in place and you have to press down so hard to keep them from sliding off that it feels like you're about to break the thing in half. i'm sticking to knives and the food processor from now on
very underwehlmed.top does not heat up enough to sear what you put into the pan. also, it's very, very hard to clean. i am really disappointed by this product
is rubber the best choice to connect an unstoppable force to an immovable object?.bought the most expensive kitchenaid in a particular dept store solely for frozen strawberry smoothies.  the connecting piece (rubber) flaked off in just over a year.  support was apologetic, they told me where to ship for repairs.  only on my dime.  avoid at all costs.  i've since bought a newly reintroduced "classic" style blender with a 500 watt motor and a metal connector.  somethings should never change
broken part.i was pleased with my blender until the coupler disintergrated and i cannot find a replacement part.  i have to take it to an authorized dealer to fix it and there is not one within an hours drive of my home.  with such a powerful motor you would think they would have made the piece out of a material that would hold up.  i have had it for 2 years and have not use it but an average of once a month.  i wouldn't recommmend it until they fix this flaw
one of my most disappointing purchases ever.i loved the way this bean grinder looked. i hated the way this bean grinder worked. very simply, the grounds were inconsistent, and scattered across the counter and sometimes floor after every use. i even tried to rig a makeshift spout out of a manilla folder which worked at first, while at the same time taking away from the attractive look of the machine, but eventually failed to contain the flying grounds after a few days. the machine is on it's way back to amazon
don't buy this grinder - it's a piece if junk.what a major disappointment and waste of time, money and beans.  it clogs and it spews grounds.  trying to unclog it (if you're successful) will get grounds all over the place.  this is the third one that took a dump on us and i'm sick of going back to the store.  wish i could just get my money back.  it works fairly well if you don't put flavored coffee beans in it but a guest thought they would surprise us with some flavored coffee and now the machine is kaput.  i had an old antique one that worked beautifully for years but gave it to my brother after a move and thought i'd treat myself to a nice new shiny model.  what a mistake.  the old original 50 year old machine worked fine.  wonder what kitchen aid is paying the genius who redesigned this?  i know i'll think twice before i purchase any kitchen aid product again.
i'll never purchase a kitchen aid product again.i purchased this unit for its cool looks, solid feel and kitchen aid's reputation.  yes, i know kitchen aid is manufactured by whirlpool.  the first time i used it, ground coffee sprayed about 3 feet in a 90 degree arc. same result the second and third times. i called kitchen aid and received no assistance until i requested to speak with a supervisor.  after explaining my problem, kitchen aid sent a new unit.  i noted that the new unit's discharge spout was slightly different than the original unit. the replacement unit worked but was messy leaving a lot of ground coffee on the counter.  however, it was much improved over the first unit.  one month later the glass coffee container broke while the unit was in operation. the result was coffee and ground glass on the counter.  i called kitchen aid and explained.  i didn't have to speak to a supervisor that time and kitchen aid sent a new glass coffee container without question.  i wonder if this is a common complaint? lastly, the unit has ceased to grind coffee although the motor is activated.  i cleaned the unit.  same result.  i honestly feel that kitchen aid has done serious harm to its reputation by continuing to sell this product.
the good, the bad, and the ugly.the good..my parents had received a kitchenaid coffee grinder in the '50's for a wedding present.  they used it for 15 years, sat unused for another 15 years and then i claimed it.  great blinder; it did end up shocking me every time that i turned it of and on so i got a krups fast touch blinder.  .my father gave me a new kitchenaid coffee mile (black) for christmas just like the one he received as a wedding gift.  i was extremely surprised and happy.  i gave the krups to a girlfriend...the bad..on my second filling of coffee beans in the kitchenaid the machine got clogged.  i used toothpicks to clean out the unit where it discharges the ground beans.  that worked for the rest of that batch.  next batch clogged so i called kitchenaid.  they asked if i used flavored bean and i told them that yes i mixed in 1/4 pound at times to my regular coffee.  they told me that was a no-no, to much oil in flavored beans.  i told her that there was nothing regarding this on box or the manual.  she ignored my comment and instructed me to grind up some rice to clean unit.  what a mess that made but effective in cleaning.  however still was clogging up after each batch...the ugly..machine got where it would grind about 5 cups worth of coffee and then clog up.  this is not the same machine as my parents received as a gift (does looks exactly the same)...[...
poor handles.the cooking set looks great.  however, once you heat the pot/ pan, the steel material handles become super hot.  i have to return the huge box
overpriced and weak handle.i was disappointed at how weak the handle was considering how beefy it looks in the picture.  the problem is that the flat metal piece of meatal between the thick handle and ring is just too thin.  straining a full load would cause the whole basket to sag to the point where i thought the spot weld were going to break.  my old plastic handle strainer deflected less than this metal one.  you can see why i would be disappointed considering this is an expensive strainer.  ..the spot welds that attach the handle to the steel ring also look very weak.  i can see why the last reviewer's handle broke.  ..the only reason i give it two stars instead of one is because it does look nice.  but all show and no-go doesn't cut it in my kitchen.
ok but....it is all right where cast iron products are concerned. the only disadvantage is that as it is in original finish, we need to heat it in the oven. my oven is so small. it can't fit. so, i cannot use it yet. in future, i will only buy seasoned cast iron products. i like lodge products though.
not an economical purchase.i bought these for my wife a few years ago based on their reputation.  the price was very high, but i figured it would be a lifetime purchase.  wrong.  within a year or so the finish began to wear on the saute pan.  the frying pan held up for about 2 years then did the same thing. as others have posted here, we never, never use metal utensils on these pans, yet the pans lose their low-stick capability after being used on high heat.  once this occurs they are actually worse than regular farberware or revere pans in terms of sticking.  the pots, which we never used for high heat cooking, are still in good shape.  for the price (which is lower here than i paid at filenes), i think it would be smarter to buy 2 or 3 sets of conventional farberware or revere.  i have farberware pans that are 30 years old that have held up better than these overpriced gimmicks
finish flakes within a year.i too bought these because of the calphalon name, at target for $200.  pass on them.  i babied these pans like crazy because they were so beautiful and i wanted them to last.  every single one of them went to the trash within 2 years - the skillets within 6 months.  didn't even cook on high heat, or fry, and the finish goes thru this process:  a) silvery scratches (that is the aluminum underneath), b) finish bubbles up, c) finish flakes right off, into your food.  extremely dangerous.  soon your food is mixing up with teflon + aluminum.  i wish these companies would get some ethics and pull these products from the market.  "non-stick" is a joke - stainless steel cleans up instantly with vinegar and hot water
the *worst* timer on the market!!! (absolute junk!).i actually bought this timer from target a couple days ago and it was the worst piece of junk i have bought in a long time. it took me about 15 minutes to get it up and running (you have to use a screwdriver to remove the back panel). and then the battery housing doesn't align with the spring that keeps the battery in place. normally, the spring is inside the battery housing, but not with this version. it's too difficult to explain how the pieces fit together, but it took me 6 or 7 minutes just to get the battery in place. and then once i reassembled the thing and twisted the screws back into place, the back panel of the device wasn't applying enough pressure to the battery and it would slip out of place and go dead. i'm just glad i held onto my receipt, coz i intend to return this junk and try to convince the store manager to stop carrying the taylor brand.
taylor/ digital minute/second timer review.a few of the timers we recieved did not work, and the packaging for shipping was terrible, no wonder they did not work!
did not do what i wanted it to do.i purchased this timer to time an exercise program--the alarm is so faint that i cannot hear it even from 3 feet away - otherwise, it is fine--i just cannot use it and it was too expensive to return such an inexpensive ite
taylor digital timer.of the three i ordered, only one worked effortlessly.  one of them i had to press and hold to get it to work, it finally worked. the last one never did work and i wasn't going to send back a five dollar item, it wasn't worth the trouble
bad quality.it's bad quality because the the protective tape on the display cannot be removed and the battery cover at the back cannot be pushed in its proper place. it is also not easy to use. resetting the timer is too much trouble, you have to go over all the way until you reach 99 minutes and start from 0 to set new minutes
poor design, waste of money.this is a poorly designed lemonade maker. the plastic construction is flimsy. .when you apply pressure to juice the lemon, you feel like the plastic is going to crack. ..making lemonade should be an easy, enjoyable process. but this machine makes it a lot more trouble than it has to be. you have to put sugar in a separate reserve, add water into another reserve, and the steam comes out of the top, so it can get kind of hot. because the water is heated to melt the sugar, you'll have to use alot of ice to cool it down in order to drink. then you have to disassemble the top to wash out the sugar, pulp  seeds. ..i cannot believe salton released this product to be sold. it is a completely unnecessary contraption. i would recommend buying a simple, smaller juice extractor for squeezing the lemons instead. you can melt sugar with hot water in a separate cup and just add cold water. trust me, it'll save u money, time and counter space!
this lemonade maker will physically hurt you.the lemonader. a mere $5 shipped from amazon, i figured delcious lemonade was finally in my grasp...oh, a naive fool be i!..i feel foolhardy for not having pictures from the debacle that was brewing our first pitcher of lemonade. words will just have to do...first of all, it's a strangely complicated procedure for making a drink that consists only of water, sugar, and lemon...first the exact amount of water it tells you to add changes. i was told by fellow lemonade brewers that i just didn't read well, but does this really seem a plausable reason for me screwing up? doubtful...the result of this was i poured in far too much water. "oh no!" you might think "the pitcher is going to overflow and spill hot lemony water all over you! you'll get burned!" no, kids, don't worry. the fine people at lemoncorp knew of this danger and for that reason put a rather sizable hole where you pour the water in. so instead of having watered down lemonade you instead get water all over the place. the best part about the hole is it just comes straight out the back of the contraption. not into any type of fail-safe mechanism which would catch the water pouring out at a rather rapid pace (seeing as they tell you to put in triple the water you actually need to)...good design...well, whatever, we got that figured out so we turn it on and it starts to `brew' the sugar water. i didn't expect this but the lemonader is much like a coffee machine, except instead of coffee grounds, it uses pure uncut sugar. mmmm...while this is going on you're supposed to put some lemons onto that juicer at the top so as to add essence to the lemonade...i start doing so. everything's fine until around the third lemon...this is when the machine shoots hot steam at whomever is close enough to it to get painfully burned. yep, if the water all over your kitchen doesn't piss you off, they burn you too...nice...so after tending to my third-degree burns and realizing i can no longer ream any more lemons (too dangerous!) we let the lemonade maker do its thing...aside from a pitcher of rather regular tasting lemonade, there was a nice pulpy mess that made me just want to jump up and make another pitcher
not flannel, color on one side only..if you are familiar with flannel sheets (we have used them for more than ten years) and you are considering these, do not buy them. they were very stiff out of the package, so i washed them using a fabric softener and added a bounce sheet to the dryer. they were still stiff, with no fuzz to speak of. no way am i going to be sleeping on these. save your money and try a different brand. they are also the first sheets i have ever seen that are color printed on one side and white on the other.  these would not be a deal at half the price
poorly made... you get what you pay for.i really wanted to love these, but after two sets of sloppily ground blades i gave up, returned them and went for wusthof.  i am surprised by all the high reviews i see
beauty is only skin deep.this unreliable toaster burns or leaves bread pale on the same setting.  it is touted as fast, but is terribly slow. i returned it and was told that they inspected it and decided that the bread i use must be "too wet."  they shipped it back to me. after i said i didn't want it i wanted a refund, i was mailed a coupon for a few dollars off my "next purchase.
they broke after first use yet oxo hooked me up with new ones.i bought these because of their high amazon ratting. my tongs broke...the spring device used to open and close them is now jutting out off the handle and pokes you, and now they are unuseable..i contacted oxo and they sent me knew ones with ease.
very disappointing.i bought the cuisinart for the name. big mistake. after mashing the garlic, the little basket is consistently pulled out and plop! falls right into the food you merely wanted garlic in. so....if it falls into very hot olive oil, it can splash onto your hand and you have to quickly find something to pull the basket out of the oil. bottom line, be forewarned----clever design in the boardroom, very poor design for the kitchen!
turns itself off too quickly.this iron works ok for simple ironing--nearly as well as the 40-year-old ge i had previously.  it heats up fairly fast, makes steam, and doesn't slobber all over the clothes.  however, it shuts itself off much too quickly (a few minutes) even if you set it on its heel.  then you have to unplug it and wait a couple of minutes for it to cool down before you can start again.  so if you are ironing a hem and you need to stop to pin something, the iron will turn off and you have to go through the unplug  wait routine.  very annoying.  i notice that the professional irons don't have this "feature".  other complaints--the slider heat control is hard to read and is a bit confusing--the top 30% is labelled (cotton, silk, etc), but the rest of the range is unmarked, so what does it do?  i also don't see the need for a variable control on the steam.  i either want steam or not, but with the adjustable steam lever sometimes i bump it out of position and then wonder why the steam isn't working right.  for me, a professional iron without the any auto-shutoff would be better, or perhaps a cheap model with the simple 30-minute auto-shutoff timer.  these at least have a reset button you can push to restart it without having to unplug it and wait
warning!!! don't buy t-fal.i bought t-fal's top of the line avantis iron even though i only have light ironing to do. it broke in less than a year - losing heat completely. t-fal would not stand behind it. i wrote to them several times. they insisted on the original sales receipt despite the fact i had the charge on my american express bill. they had no technical advise either. read other amazon reviews on their products breakdowns! i've paid half as much for irons that lasted for years. avoid this turkey and this company. i'll never buy another t-fal product and neither should you
weak coffee - looks very cool - don't buy if you like strong coffee.i have tried and tried but the thing just makes weak coffee...i don't know how many different pods i have tried but the thing just can't make a strong cup. i have tried 2 pods - i have even tried making my own pods. if you try to jam too much coffee in it, it leaks and will try to pop it's head off...i have not done the proper "priming" that folks have mentioned and i also have detected a bit of a metalic flavor so that may be associated with my lack of effort...am going to try to return it because it is just too expensive to make a wimpy cupa joe
great idea..bad execution!.i was so excited when i got this senseo machine as a freebie, but was soon disappointed with the results. using its own pods, i found the coffee a bit watery and not as 'steaming hot' as i was used to. then there was the price factor. the pods are pretty expensive compared to regular fresh ground coffee. i bought the mypod container thinking i can get around this but found that the hot water doesn't correctly steep the coffee. it gives me even more watery coffee and sometimes water leaked around the opening onto the counter. so, for the price, i'd say skip this product. i got it for free and was less than satisfied so imagine spending $60 on it.
not that great!.my husband bought this machine because it was supposed to be fast and convenient, and with different schedules, easier to brew one cup at a time. it worked fine at first, but now after just 3 weeks it leaks hot water all over the counter. this has happened to both my husband and me so it's not bad technique on our parts. we follow directions exactly, but we keep having to stop it, open the lid, check the pods, reclose the lid and try again. this takes all the convenience out of it especially when you have to clean coffe puddles off your counter. this just isn't acceptable, but it's mostly plastic so probably to be expected. we have used other pods besides the senseo pods (which don't produce good coffee) but that shouldn't be an issue as they're all the same size. anyway, we're trashing it and have ordered the bunn professional which will hopefully do a much better job. i'll let you know in a future review. my advice on this one is either don't buy it or if you do, based on other positive reviews, keep the box and the receipt so you can return it when it starts malfunctioning
dont buy any rice cooker of this brand.i have bought three rice cooker , all from aroma , and they all stopped working after a month or so.  you can try your luck
advertised 6-cup; received 3-cup cooker.advertisement said it was a 6 cup cooker, but they sent a 3 cup cooker
terrible and cheap.this rice cooker was terrible. the cook button would not stay down, and so i had to hold it until i thought the rice was done. i bought this unit at the nearby target store, and i noticed a few others were returned as well. avoid this rice cooker and get something better
good blender until it breaks, and warranty = zero.i was very happy, until this blender broke.   was very careful with it, but after only 5 weeks, it was done.  called the "hassle free replacement warranty customer satisfaction center"  and they said they would ship out a new one.  great!    ..only 4 weeks later they called to say they can't replace it, they're out of stock, they will 'buy it back' from us.    gosh, they have them on their web site, but they can't ship one.  turns out, it will take 6-8 weeks to process our return, in addition to the week to ship the mailer, and the 4 weeks we've waited for the replacement to begin with.   ..13 weeks is supposed to be 'hassle-free' replacement ??  ..i will -never- buy another kitchen-aid product, and i will encourage everyone to realize that their 'hassle-free replacement warranty' is absolutely worthless!!!  totally false advertising!!
loved it until it died.i owned this for 14 months and loved it.  i used it to make all types of things and it was really handy to own.  when i purchased it i skipped over the lesser models planning to own this for a long time.  i should have saved my money.  one day as i am pureeing some soup it just stopped working.  nothing.  of course i was a few months past the warranty so i was stuck.  now i am buying a less expensive model with the plan of replacing it every so often.  ..to it's credit i cook a lot and i use my equipment a lot.  reading the reviews of people that love this and call it tough, i imagine they do not do as much as i do.  because of that they might get five years if they are lucky.  in my book that is not good enough for this price tag...so if you are an occasional cook and color and brand name matter buy this.  otherwise save the money
not as tough as my $20 braun....for seven years, i was using a braun multiquick that i got at costco for $20.  that little machine would whip up anything from cream to margaritas with barely a peep.  seven years of abuse took their toll and my trusty braun died...i thougt it would be worth upgrading, and the kitchenaid seemed like a good bet: apparently strong motor, the usual attachments, and a nice bright red.  i'm a sucker for color...i managed to go through three of these hand blenders in a year.  one of my main uses for a wand-style blender is frozen fruit smoothies.  the real test is frozen strawberries, but the first one i killed choked on frozen mango chunks, about four weeks into owning it.  the motor jammed up and overheated, eventually shorting out and dying...i have to commend both amazon and kitchenaid for their customer service.  they obliged me with prompt replacements, and finally, after the demise of the third khb300er, ka reimbursed me.  however, i have to say that there are other wand-style blenders out there that can do the job better, for much less money
faulty workmanship.i've had 3 of these: in less than 30 days!!! it makes great espressos and caps, but mine kept breaking, and the retailer confided that ours weren't the only ones. the first one wouldn't steam. the second one did, but then the 'wand' literally shot off the machine into the milk, and could have steamed my hand. the third one had a funky switch right out of the box: it was angled like it hadn't been attached correctly at the factory. we kept it for 10 days, and then it died completely. .to their credit, customer service was excellent, empathetic, and did the right thing. but i'm done with krups. too bad, because the expresso and the steamer worked perfectly (when they worked)
non-stick surface comes right off!!!  nice dishes though!.i don't like doing reviews, but this needs to be said... we registered for this set as a wedding gift and was very excited when we unwrapped it.  so excited that it is the first thing we used from our wedding.  after 10 minutes of cooking i noticed the bottom looked funny.  all of the non-stick coating on the bottom of the pan had come off.  not only was the pan ruined but so was our dinner!  the dishes are beautiful, but not $40.00 of beautiful!  we have to take it back. ugh!!  hope this helps!
no go.the first one came severely damaged, the second one came damaged but we thought what the heck, just keep it. .making 3 loafs of bread was not without difficulties. the mixer blade jumped out of its socket 3 times, a real problem if you have set the machine on delayed timer and are not able attending it. the one time it did not jump the loaf came out great. after 8 days i tried to make another loaf and ... blank, no sign of life in the machine. so back it went and we are now looking for a different brand and distributor. to top it off, it took amazon 6 weeks to credit me back and that not without investigation
good for 2 months and 10 loaves.after 2 months of pain-free use and 10-15 loaves of bread, my machine "died" unexpectedly and i lost ingredients and my security in the product.  i had made my first loaf of gluten-free bread for a gift and was going to make a cinnamon-raisin loaf for another gift.  loaded up the pan, plugged in the machine, and nothing happenend.  today i am going to linens n things where i bought it to see if the store will exchange for a new one.  i did not want to buy this model with no reviews, but the 2200 was unavailable and apparently out of production.  i am sobbing...  will let you know what linen n things does!..mary in jupiter, fr
pan snaps out of the spring brackets when kneading.machine reviewed is tr2500bc. some of the other reviews are for different models, so watch out when reading..this machine is has some serious flaws and it's going back...1. white bread (1.5lb) - the pan snaps out of the spring brackets during the kneading cycle. happens 100%. the machine cannot be left unattended during kneading, which defeats the purpose of the delay timer. other that that, the bread bakes ok and comes out fine...2. whole wheat bread (2lb) - the dough didn't mix properly and ended up with sodden bread with big hard flour lumps - total disaster...3. banana bread (batter bread) - as with the whole wheat bread, some lumps in the dough, usable, but not great...the breadman 2500bc fails mechanically to do what it's suppose to do. baking is fine, and the recipes seem ok, although a bit on the "fancy" side
don't buy.everything sticks to it. i thought it was a non-stick, in fact i didn't think they sold anything but that now. dont buy
everything sticks.not long ago i bought a le creuset non-stick omelete frying pan and was very satisfied with it. the size of that pan was a bit small so i decided to buy a much bigger 11-3/4" skillet. when i received it i discovered that it didn't come with a non-stick coating, but instead it had a "satin black enamel" surface. it's just horrible - everything sticks to it, even when i use low heat and lots of oil. now i know why le creuset says the pan gets better as you use it more, as it will get a special "patina" - probably meaning that this skillet sticks badly. now i have to suffer from scrubbing each time after i fry something simple until the "patina" develops. by the way, the best way to clean a le creuset is baking soda! sprinkle baking soda and add a drop of detergent, then scrub with a sponge - very effective
cracked in the oven after 2 months.i was very pleased with the le creuset baking dishes i have (i have the poterie 10" x 13" deep dish baker, 14" oval baker, and 9" square dishes as well as this one).  however, my 12" dish just cracked down the middle while i was cooking a pork roast in it at 425 degrees.  it had only been in the oven about 45 minutes.  i am sorely disappointed and now i am wondering if i wasted my money on the others.  i have only had it for about 2 1/2 months
don't buy this item.kitchenaid is a brand name you can count on--usually. the rivet that holds this item together broke after a half dozen uses. i bought it because my kitchen is yellow with red kitchenaid but i also thought it would be useful. it was attractive but worthless
awful! read before you buy this item!!.this looks nice, all shiny  red  with the catchy kithenaid logo on the handle. ..but there are lots of jars that the flimsy jaws will not grip effectively. jam jars, for example. but the worst is that the rivet  holding the unit together broke after 4 days of casual use...unbelievably poor design  manufacture
shark bite victim.the product failed completely after about ten uses; it was still under warranty from the manufacturer.  the manufacturer required that the customer pay for shipping to and from their site and that costs nearly what the product sells for new.  further, i obtained the name of a nearby service center and i took it there to see if they could fix it; they told me that they could not obtain parts for it.  this is a really bad deal; it is junk and the manufacturer makes sure that it is not worth your while to repair it when it dies after you use it a few times.  don't buy this thing
battery does not hold up.great suction for about a year.  great accessories but after about a year the battery starts to go
great concept, very poor quality.the shark is an easy to use sweeper with some good features but some very cheap construction.  on the plus side, it's so lightweight and maneuverable that you won't hesitate to use it. i have used it mostly on my floors, but it really does work on carpet, too. it has a rotating brush on the front corner that works as an edger, and this is the best feature.  sadly, the part that makes the edger work is a tiny toothed circle of lightweight plastic which works as a gear, and although it probably costs the company less than 5 cents, you must purchase an entire replacement brush roll kit for $19.99 (plus any applicable tax and shipping) to replace it when it fails.  and it will fail, make no mistake. also, on the minus side, the rechargeable battery is designed to fail after about 6 months.  this battery costs $9.95 (plus ay applicable tax and shipping) to replace.  here is a quote from the website: .."q: what is the life expectancy of the rechargeable batteries?.a: the estimated life expectancy of the rechargeable batteries is 6 months to 1 year. this is based on an average household usage of 4 times per week, completely discharging, and then fully re-charging the unit for 16 hours once a month."..now, the problem is that if for any reason you recharge the battery before it's completely dead, or if someone accidentally takes the unit off the charger in the middle of charging it, the battery will not keep a charge as long as it originally did..it only takes one incident to ruin it.  i have small kids who did this.  also, since you must completely use up the battery charge before recharging, you'll have to use it with very little power when it gets toward the end of the charge.  it does not work well unless it has a full charge.  so for about half of the time you use it, it doesn't work well and you'll find yourself sweeping the same spots over and over again to pick up even a tiny piece of paper...my first shark's battery did not last long and the edger piece disappeared one day while sweeping.  it's small and i'm guessing it got swept up and thrown away accidentally.  because i liked the light weight and maneuverability of the machine, i (stupidly) bought another one.  this one has had the same problem with the battery and again, a problem with the edger.  the plastic gear failed.  i will not be purchasing a third shark.  for the money i spent on the two sharks, i probably could have purchased something of higher quality that would have lasted longer than the 8-9 months of service that i got from the two sharks...i just can't recommend this product, unless you receive it as a gift.  it's a waste of money.
does not worth the price..this bowl is made of gold, sorry, platinum. oh no! the quality of this ss bowl is very high. why giving it one star? there is no virtual difference between this bowl and quality ss bowls sold for less than 20% its price. ...i am picky when it comes to bowls. i use them a lot and drop them from time to time. save your money and do not support such companies selling their products at ridiculous prices. do not believe their products are better than others. they are very good but do not worth the price. shop around and your will see other products even better than all-clad products at less than 25% their price. they are pricing their products like if their customers are the pentagon and the defense ministry
not as durable as i'd hoped.when i first got this chopper, i was really pleased -- it is efficient, easy to clean and actually fun to use. but the plastic disc that keeps food from going up into the blades got "chopped" by the blades the 3rd or 4th time i used it, rendering it useless. now it's in the trash. disappointing on the durability side of things, to say the least
not a very useful chopper.i was very disappointed in this item.  the first time i used it was to chop a selection of fresh herbs.  the blades were very dull and struck the herbs a number of times without cutting them.  the result was a mess of pulverized oregano.  perhaps i got a defective item but it was not at all useful
small gooseneck reading light.this was a piece of junk that immediately fell apart.  although inexpensive, it still wasn't worth the small price and was a big disappointment
poor light.not enough light. while you read, one hand has to move the goose over one side to the other one because the light does not reach the entire line. ..this is why it is cheap, don't spend a penny on it
do not get this one!!.even though it is cheap, it is a waste of money. it does not do anything. it is tiny, poorly put together, but most importantly-- it does not give you any light. it forms a small, 1.5 inch circle at where it hits your book page, and does not illumunate page at its entirety all. totally useless
adorable but built badly.the company sent it right away but my light fell apart the day i got it. i hadn't even a chance to use it for reading. as for my experience with it's lighting properties, well, it wasn't very good. it lit up a circle but you have to put the light close to the book. i guess i should have looked for something that costs more.
returned product.returned the product. i don't think this should be called a "professional" ice crusher. it crushes ice the same way my ge profile refrigerator ice dispenser does.  my blender crushes ice better than this product.
not for the long haul.i was pretty happy with this item when i bought it in nov 2004, despite the weight. the one thing i noticed over time is that the suction power using the hose diminished. i could see no obstructions etc. to explain this. the machine was just losing powerin recent months.  ..the machine quit last week. i would say if you want a machine to last longer than 2 years pick something else. this one sucks.
$600.00 where.lately i've noticed that amazon has been inflating the list price of items but this is so overboard it's a joke.  $600.00 in your dreams, or maybe it's the drugs, or could it be just a plain old case of greed.
annoying indeed.i agree with all of the comments about no temp control and annoying beeper.  mine has an error so that it stops cooking after 1-2 minutes and sometimes takes 4-5 restarts to get it to cook.  it beeps everytime it does this.  also, there is an "error" beep that goes off for about 30 seconds which will wake the dead.  i do not recommend this to anyone who wants to make toast without waking the neighborhood
misled by reviews!.this toaster oven is missing key features.  we purchased the oven based on positive reviews.  here are the problems:  ..1. toaster function has three options, light, medium, and dark.  there are no in between settings.  we find the light too light and the medium too dark.  so we set it to medium and then have to watch it to make sure it does not over-toast.  and it takes a long time.  ..2. beeper beeps annoyingly many times (to remind you that you forgot to watch the toast and now it is burned)..3. there are no temperature settings for baking or broiling.  seriously, the choices include 'casserole, cake, bakery, frozen foods, potato, roast, broil, defrost'.  for each of these choices the toaster oven has a default time setting (that can be changed).  we think no matter which one you choose, the temperature is the same...it just suggests a longer or shorter time.  if you know you want 350 degrees for 10 minutes, there is no way to get it...i hate this toaster oven and just went to a local store to buy a cuisinart tob-30.  it bakes and broils at the temp you choose.  it has a gradient for toasting from light to med to dark or anywhere in between.  our first toast this am turned out beautifully as did re-heating quiche last night...i will add as a final comment that i tried on-line ordering the cuisinart tob-50, as the reviews were pretty good, but it arrived damaged and seemed rather flimsy on top. i won't mail order toaster ovens again...i hope this review helps you.
no temperature adjustment.cooking temperature is set by function (casserole, toast, bake, etc); not by setting the actual temperature. can't dry herbs with this toaster oven. i'm disappointed with consumer reports positive recommendation. not a total loss ... the lighted display makes a great kitchen night light.
the untoastable.i received not one but two defective toastmaster toaster/ovens. the first toaster arrived promptly and i soon discovered that the main wire rack was about 1 inch wider than the toaster/oven. without this rack the toaster is essentially useless.  i contacted amazon and reported that this item is defective and agreed to have a replacement sent and i packed and returned the defective toaster.   i am sorry to report that the second toaster had exactly the same problem. i immediately contacted amazon and informed them that this also is defective and requested a refund.  they paid for the return shipping and i promptly returned the second toaster.  this was many weeks ago and i am still waiting for a credit on my charge card?? i hope i have not lost my $70.00+ dollars because of a bad batch of toaster-ovens.  please help me with this...thank yo
wire tray.a 12" wire tray was sent with this toastmaster toaster oven. the inside of the oven measurers 11 1/2" and there is no way it can fit. origionally,i was going to return the toaster oven to amazon but decided to contact saltan and attempt to have them ship the proper tray. this has taken me several weeks as salton is not fast and i had to mail them a copy of my shipper. i assume i may, and i say "may" receive the tray by next month, if i'm lucky.
not worth the money.like other reviewers have said, the loud beeping is very annoying.  since the beginning, i thought that it toasted bread poorly no matter what setting it was on (one side toasted, one side just slightly striped).  it did work nicely for my kids' chicken nuggets though.  unfortunately, the top lighting element burned out already and we can't be very much over the one year warranty period, if at all.  the c.s. rep said that she hasn't gotten any calls about this issue, but according to the other reviews i find that hard to believe.  i expected a lot more out of this thing since it is so expensive.  i wouldn't recommend buying this, but save your receipt if you do - you'll need it
great timer but didn't work for long.i love everything about this timer except that after about six months of use the button for setting the minutes started to stick and then stopped working altogether, rendering the timer useless.
a loser.this is truly the very worst salad spinner i've ever used. i bought it because i'd had a zyliss that worked beautifully for more than 15 years. true, it wasn't transparent and didn't have the sleek, modern look of this one, but it got the greens dry.  this one is easy enough to use -- just pull the string for an appropriate amount of time -- not exactly rocket science. result: alas, wet, wet, wet. the only way to use the greens is to hand dry them. moreover, said greens would rot if i tried to store them in the refrigerator overnight. the amazon rating system seems to require a minimum of one star; left to my own devices, i'd give the zyliss salad spinner none
zyliss large salad spinner.while this salad spinner has a fairly large capacity and is relatively easy to operate, i feel it does not spin the lettuce as dry as the one i previously owned.  (it broke and i  can't find the same one.)  as a result, i need to spin the lettuce several times and there's still water clinging to the leaves.  because of this my salad dressing is sometimes watered down (which i really dislike).  i'm disappointed in this item and i'm considering ordering another salad spinner from another manufacturer.  this item is definitely over-priced and does not perform the way i'd expect a zyliss product to perform
loved and adored the omlet pan, but, the surface peeled off..this was the favorite of all my calphalon non stick pans.  it could go in the dishwasher safely, looked beautiful, cooked like a dream and was a perfect price. everything was wonderful, but all of a sudden the non-stick coating gave up sticking to the surface and came peeling off, as if the adhesive had given up.  it wasn't abused and i used the right utensils and never cooked with it on high heat.  now i have to return it to the manufacturer and the pan has been discontinued. what a pain
not what i expected.unfortunately, this 6 loaf pan did not bake the way i thought it would. i expected it to release the bread from the pans easily as the directions state. i let the bread cool completely as it said in the directions. then i flipped the whole silicone tray over and pushed on the individual compartments from the bottom, following directions specifically. the bread fell out in chunks, leaving globs of cooked bread in the compartments. i would not recommend this loaf pan, but instead i will buy a cast iron or metal 4 or 6 loaf pan. they are hard to find
how are these helpful?.i bought two of these, first two times using them, everything stuck to them. in both cases i was making cookies (with a lot of butter). i didn't add any additional spray/lube/butter to the mat, because i thought that was the point of using them. theoretically cleanable in a dishwasher, but they're so floppy and large that it's impractical. i left them soak in the sink and the dough did come right off after a few minutes of soaking. but... how is this better than a regular cookie sheet? i can put that in the dishwasher. a cooking salesperson today told me she had the silpat (or similar) and they worked great. i told her mine stuck and she said, "oh, you must have the kitchenaid ones.".buy something else
not satisfied with this product.it grinds just fine, but when i take the lid off to pour my coffee into the filter, an overwhelming static build up sends the dry coffee grinds flying all over my counter, my hands, the floor and about anywhere else other than the filter into which i am attempting to pour them. we've had our grinder for 3 years and this christmas have decided to toss it in the trash and ask santa for a new coffee grinder
not for broiler or stovetop.unfortunately the beautiful durable glass-ceramic that we all came to love is no longer. the trademark corningware is now used on stoneware and is not made in the usa. the corningware currently being marketed can not be used under the broiler or on the stove top. it is not the same product that your mother had or what you received for a wedding gift twenty years ago
very bad decision to buy.i was looking for a light weight 6 oz custard cup.  these were very heavy with thick walls.  the ones i have are thin walled.  due to the weight and look i threw them away.  i am sure they are very servicable.  it appears france is the only country that makes thin walled cups these days
it has a slot that can't be cleaned!.i bought this thinking it would be better than all the cheap supermarket spoon/spatulas.  it is worse - the head is not sealed to the handle and batter / food / grease / whatever gets in the slot where the head and handle connect and is impossible to get out - soaking, dishwasher on heat boost - nothing works.  also, 400 deg limit is iffy when using on the stove - 600 deg limit is much better.  mine curled a bit when used on the stove, but since it had a permanent reservoir of filth, i tossed it anyway.  better to splurge on the ones from pampered chef
do not buy under pain of death.this item is shipped in a box big enough to hold three of these presses.  however, the manufacturer is too lazy to put it together.  in order to construct this item you need three hands.  if this manufactures can't put it together why should the buyer be expected to.  i wish i had never seen this item.  i would have given it -10 stars except the rating is not available.  it would cost more to return it than it is worth
lodge logic pre-seasoned round cast-iron grill press.much smaller than i expected. i should have asked for the diameter. very nice, well made item but just too small for anything i can think of except one hamburger patty
poor design.the worst thing about this grill press is that the handle is attached by two cheap recessed screws.  the screw heads sit in depressions on the working surface of the press so they gather bits of food. this grill press is "skillet style" which means that it the cruddy cast iron, pebble surfaced construction that will always seem a little filthy.  there is no reason to make it this way except to save on construction while passing the product off as having an antique quality.  it would be much better if it were smooth and nonstick (like that modern kitchenaid skillet i use it with).  the handle gets pretty hot as well which is not surprising as it's all metal, and i have to use a pot holder.  i will not buy lodge products ever again and feel i was ripped off and duped by this expensive hunk of junk
disappointed with past bowl.i am happy with the delivery and the packaging. the bowl looks like it is chipped on the bottom base but upon closer examination has proven to be areas that the paint and glaze did not adhere. the bowl looks chipped though. there is an area on the side of the rounded part of the bowl that is scuffed, as if sand paper was rubbed against the bowl. i am unhappy with the condition but i only paid $11.00 for it. i like the color, even though it doesn't appear professionally painted and glazed. i would opt for something different next time..i would return it but the hassle is not worth my efforts. also, this bowl was supposed to be a gift. i am now faced with the unfortunate dilema of either giving this bowl as a present or shopping for something else. i think 2 stars is a fair rating of this item
really disappointing.when i saw these pasta bowls on sale i just had to get.them.big mistake!!!i ordered 4 and all are defective.with chipped paint, scratches and the color isn't uniform.i really like the color and i also ordered the 16 piece .dinnerware set,so i guess i'll have to send that back too..i guess you get what you pay for.
fiestaware 1 qt pasta bowls....i got what i paid for!.while seeing this pasta bowl on sale for $4.99 here at amazon.com, i didn't think twice to purchase several of them will all kind of color availalbe 2 weeks ago. what a great price! i was so excited and waiting on the door on the schedule delivery day. the packing is nice and secure. the color was so vivid at the first sight, but.... after i took a hard look, almost half of the bowls are defective!! un-colored white spot, un-glazed bubble holes, black dots/stain inside of the bowl. even defective spots are tiny, but they are so obvious. they just don't look good with those flaws on them! i was so....disappointed and frustrated as i went through all the 21 bowls i ordered. by the way, the black bowl have no name or mark of the manufacturer on the bottom of the bowl. i will say those are probably the factory-secondary products. it turned out i have to return almost half of the bowls and keep those bowls with bearable defectiveness, such as vague stamp of the manufacturer on the bottom of the bowls. of course, all the black ones are returned since they are no-name with the bad quality. no one will even believe they are fiestaware!!
i got what i paid for! fiestaware 1-qt pasta bowls.while seeing this pasta bowl on sale for $4.99, i didn't think twice to purchase several of them will all kind of color availalbe 2 weeks ago. what a great price! i was so excited and waiting on the door on the schedule delivery day. the packing is nice and secure. the color was so vivid at the first sight, but.... after i took a hard look, almost half of the bowls are defective!! un-colored white spot, un-glazed bubble holes, black dots/stain inside of the bowl. even defective spots are tiny, but they are so obvious. they just don't look good with those flaws on them! i was so....disappointed and frustrated as i went through all the 21 bowls i ordered. by the way, the black bowl have no name or mark of the manufacturer on the bottom of the bowl. i will say those are probably the factory-secondary products. it turned out i have to return almost half of the bowls and keep those bowls with bearable defectiveness, such as vague stamp of the manufacturer on the bottom of the bowls. of course, all the black ones are returned since they are no-name with the bad quality. no one will even believe they are fiestaware!!
did not get.i ordered this item 5 months ago was told by amazon that i would get this item and it was avaliable and then after 5 months they tell me that they cant get it and it is still avaliable on there web site as far as im concerned amazon is not worth shopping if they cant hold there promises and say it is avaliable please take this very seriously when ordering from amazon thank
if you are looking for a loud timer, this is not for you.the display on the timer is bigger than most, but the sound leaves something to be desired.  i wanted something loud so i could hear it from 15 feet away - this was not it.  the timer is okay for when you have it next to you or 5 feet away, but not really so good when it's further than that
disappointing..i've wanted one of these for years, and could never justify $80 for a waffle maker when i don't make waffles every weekend. this seemed like the perfect buy. it's half the price, but it still has the same manufacturers warranty according to the amazon site... and i've used remanufactured products before with great success. ..alas, it was not meant to be. the box arrived, and all appeared in decent condition. there was some scoring and scratching on some of the components, and it looked as though it had seen some use. i was a little confused as it's supposed to be remanufactured, not simply 'used and cleaned.'  another disappointment came with the warranty. the warranty is not the 1-year that amazon is advertising, but a 90-day remanufactured warranty from waring. seemed like the deal was getting worse all the time. ..the final kicker came when, after plugging in the item, i discovered that one of its important features, the cooking timer, is not functioning. my waffles came out burned if i just left them, waiting for some mythical beeping timer to go off, and if i kept checking them on and off to see if they were right, they never seemed to come out well. i called waring to verify that this feature does indeed exist, as i wasn't sure i'd read it right in the manual, and they verified that yes, the product appears to be defective. ..overall a wholly disappointing purchase that i'd really had my heart set on. i shall attempt a replacement from amazon, but with the quality of the first one, and the far more limited warranty than was advertised, i'm more than a little wary. ..-----------.edit:..okay. the second one has arrived with the exact same defect in the timer. i'm sending it back. i really wanted one, but amazon won't replace it since i've had two bad ones.  i received a letter thanking me for pointing out the issue with the misrepresented 1-year warranty, but as i look at the site, it's still printed as 1-year.
do not buy.this heater is very unnerving; it shuts off every 10 minutes.  i bought this heater for office use and am very disappointed with its performance.  a co-worker/friend recommended it to me.  we are now strictly co-workers
not the best product out there....i bought this product after reading some of these reviews, and i am sorry that i didn't buy a higher end model because i don't like it. here's why:..pros - it heats up very quickly. in my small room i only used the low setting, usually at about a 3..-it's quieter than my other fan, but it's still loud to someone who likes to sleep with silence...cons - the heater wouldn't even start up until i turned the dial to 3..-if i turned the dial anywhere past 3 it got way too hot in my room..-the auto shutoff on this totally sucked. it only shut itself off when it was exactly on the 3 line..-speaking of lines, i followed another reviewer's advise and used a sharpie to draw a line where the numbers were because it was so hard to see them on the knob..-while the heater gets hotter the higher up you turn it, the fan mode doesn't get any cooler. in fan mode everything from 3 - 6 was the same speed and really didn't help cool things off much...i'm very disappointed in this product, as well as the other reviewers because amazon reviews have never let me down before
no power.i recently purchased this because i needed something with some power as my arthritic hands can't use the manual ones.  i started to compress the button and it runs real "fast" but once it hits the dough, it cranks so slowly to almost stopping.  they say to hold button for 2 sec and then release.  i had to hold the button for 15+ sec at a time before the dough made the shape onto the sheet.  i now have purchased an electric one and boy i should've just trusted my instincts and bought it the first time.  this company has a terrible product and furthermore they add insult to injury for charging $30 for it.  don't buy this product.  save a few pennies and purchase an electric one or the regular manual ones that work 20x better than this product
truly not worth anything at all..my parents purchased this product to make x-mas sprits cookies. we had an electric cookie press before, but it accidentally broke (i ripped the cord out while trying to remove it from our drawer)...this product sounds nice. but as soon as you pop in some energizer^2 batteries, you will see, that even the best, highest powered batteries will make you think that this product needs improvement...comparison: imagine your watch battery powering your home stereo.  don't think it'll work? probably not.  now imagine the feeling of trying to listen to your stereo on that watch battery.  got it? now imagine that same feeling using this product and *poof* it's like you bought it.  i believe that the people that have tried it will agree...i have absolutely no idea what type of batteries that the people who give it 5 stars and claim that none of us know what we are doing are using...i suggest that unless you are willing to replace the motor, or find another source of power that will actually seem that it's doing something, then look for a different one.
big disappointment.i bought this contraption from king arthur flour. they said it would work, and i trusted them. i have tried making cookies with this thing a dozen or so times. only three times were the cookies somewhat nicely shaped. the other times they were gloppy and i gave up.. . the motor is weak, the machine does not quot;cut offquot; the dough once it's pressed through, so it stays attached to what is in the tube. a big mess.. . nor does it work well for frosting. this was a big waste of money. i bought it as a gift for my daughter, so it wasn't opened until long after i could have returned it. if i could have, i would have returned it. i should have opened it before wrapping it, and tried it out
bonjour cookie factory.this product is the biggest disappointment. the first one we had to return to the mfg. because the motor did not work, at our own expense.  then the large barrel would not press out the cookie dough and the small barrel was slightly better.  save your money and make cookies the old way
don't waste your money on this.nice idea, especially with two barrel sizes, but it simply doesn't work. very little power, and the pusher does not push down evenly. it kind of wobbles down, which means the dough is not dispersed evenly.  i ended up returning this
disappointment!.i got this set with 2 pieces missing and the one they sent looked old and used. ..i'm returning it
low temperature only!.don't exceed 300-350deg or you will get plumes of smoke that will burn your eyes and throat...or use it as a fog machine - seriously there is that much smoke!
great for awhile, then ripped at the seams..well, we are on our 3rd set of bean bag chairs, the first two were the traditional round chair, but this shape looked like a good idea, and like it would hold up well which they did at first, we purchased two of these, and for about the first 30-60 days no problems, they then started to rip at the seam just above the pocket on the left side and to the back both started to rip and eventually leak foam beans all over the house. we did take them back to target and they refunded us $41.00 each since we were not able to produce a reciept
wish i had my money back!.1. machine is too large and terribly heavy.  awkward to use and takes up counter space...2. instructions say 25 minutes for most recipes.  wrong! make it an hour and still not firm ice cream or sorbet...3. $135.00 has been wasted...need to just get out old fashion crank ice cream maker and turn for 25 minutes...would not suggest for anyone
not so happy with gelatos.well it is a great machine and it is easy but it is too small.it only makes about 2 cups and it takes a long time.........i returned it and i will buy the bigger one. thank
first oxo i have not  liked.you cannot turn an egg with this.  the surface is not 100% smooth and hangs when you go under the egg.  if you just want to turn burgers then it is grea
poor design.in addition to the "tippiness" observed by the other reviewer, part of which is just a side effect of the otherwise-desirable saucier shape, the problem with this pan is that the aluminum disk is simply too small to make this a good pan for sauces, particularly if you are cooking with gas. no matter how small your flame, you get hot spots on the thin lower walls of the pan. had i thought more about the design before purchasing i would definitely have bought the anodized aluminum version...it is an attractive pan and pours well, so my initial thought after discovering the poor cooking performance was to use it on the table for serving gravies and sauces. unfortunately, the tippiness makes that kind of an unwise idea
short life ......i bought this toss and turn pan last year on april. it worked very well for the first several month. and i took very care of it----used soft stiring spoon to cook, soft rag to hand wash it, never used high temperature in cooking... but after 6 month, the "nonstick" layer begin to fall off. although the fall off part is  very small, i dare not to use it any more. because i dont know if the fall off "nonstick" layer will cause cancer... well, $30, 6 monthes good experience in using nonstick hard-anodized pan.....good, but too short
don't touch.yeah, the bowls are pretty, but as fragile as an egg shell. my 8-inch diameter bowl was just broken and these piece-of-crap bowls are too expensive to replace. good frickin luck with them
broke after 6 months.toasts bread okay if you set the temp. numb to 400 degrees or less.  does okay as an electric oven...timer broke after 6 months of light use. ..i do not recommend this product.
terrible.this appliance is terrible, the rack is designed wrong so you can't get anything out once they are hot. if you flip the rack over to overcome that problem, then the door doesn't slide the rack out like it should. its supposed to be able to cook frozen pizzas, they just droop and start buring on the edges while the center stays raw. my parents gave it to me after they tried it and decided it was too unsafe for their household (after it set some food on fire)
deli slicer.not very happy with this product. i am still debating on weather or not to return it. i found it very difficult trying to remove the blade and almost broke the the plastic trying to loosen it. i finally got a butter knife and ended up scratching the plastic trying to get it off to clean. anything i have tried to slice always seems to bunch up near the bottom of the blade. i don't feel that it slices very even either. on a positive note once the blade is removed it is easy clean up.
disappointed.finally, i've ran into something that i did not care for. .when i received the box it was semi-banged up (thanks again ups),  but that isn't my reasoning for the one star.  .i was expecting a little better quality from the product and just was not satisfied.   upon close inspection, i noticed that the blade was off by over 1/8 in from top to bottom.  this would have created slices that were uneven.  the screw that holds the blade is plastic and would most likely wear out over time (similar to the one i was replacing).  needless to say i have returned the item,  amazon made the process very easy.  tread carefully on this one
chef's choice 610 premium electric food slicer.had expected the product to be more durable. even before the first slicing, attempts to remove the blade for first cleaning had failed because the center of bland plastic tab broke in my hand. instead did a simple wipe prior to slicing. after first cutting needed to remove blade with a screwdriver - improvised by myself in the slots. basic cutting function is acceptable but of course no great motor speeds which shouldn't be much of a problem with non-meat foods which i plan to be slicing in a normal household amount of use.
disappointed.i slice many whole pieces of italian meats - salami, mortadela, and  procuitto.  this slicer is a basic, economical home slicer and does not perform anywhere close to a deli slicer.  the unit itself it to  small to take a large product and the blade runs to slow for doing a good job on hard cheese. the engine actually starts to smoke on the tough jobs.  additionally, it really can not achieve a super thin slice - it is just not that robust...but, what do you expect for $100??  it does slice and for small products and a limited amount of slicing it can do the job. ..if you want to slice larger pieces and/or achieve thin perfect slices - move to a bigger blade and more powerful engine.
misleading advertizing.though this claims to be from "miu france" it has nothing to do with france at all - that is just the name of the company. the products are made in zhongtang, china or similar and imported to the us. the company itself is from hong kong. very deceptive. (see their website www.miufrance.com) amazon should disclose this
oster is a better product.as always the item was delivered in a timely manner, however it is not nearly as user friendly as the oster egg cooker which was out of stock. on the plus side, the eggs do not stick to the poaching part, the cooker itself cleans up nicely...as soon as someone has the oster in stock i will purchase that brand and give away the westben
very bad product.i had a oster that was wearing out and i tossed it and ordered this west bend.  big mistake!!!!!  after a minute of cooking (yes i added the water to it) the buzzer started buzzing.  then it would go off then on again till you were ready to beat it with a hammer. needless to say i sent it back and now the oster is no longer available.  sometimes it does not pay to toss things out to quickly
west bend egg cooker.worst egg cooker on the market, shut off thermostat is higher than the rest of the reservoir, it sets off the alarm with a tablespoon of water still in it and the eggs are still raw!
wrong bowls sent and returned twice/billing a big question.i never received the large bowls. the small cereal bowls were sent twice (quickly but wrong size both times) and i returned both orders. i was sent an e-mail stating something significant was wrong with the system and i would not be receiving the larger bowls. then i got an e-mail saying i was being billed for them to which i replied what i received was not what i ordered and had been returned twice. i have all the paperwork on both orders. the plates i ordered were never received at all. i have no idea what is going on now. it makes sense that i be allowed to talk to a person at this point but that isn't happening eithe
san diego mom.i have used this product about 5 times and have found it very difficult to clean.  despite flushing it with soapy boiling water, removing the rubber washer and scrubbing the threads in the top with q-tips, i cannot get the smell of rotting food out of the lid.  the design allows food to get caught in the threads and it is hard to clean.  in addition, there is a small gap in the lid that allows stuff to seap into the seem and fester inside the lid.  i will now have to throw it out and try to find a different one
not a hot item.it simply doesn't keep the food hot. a waste of money
it's not soup yet.i've been looking for a small thermos and was excited to see that nissan had a 9.5 oz wide mouth jar. i own one of their thermal coffee mugs and it's keeps my coffee amp; tea hot for hours. this little thermos does not. the lip burning hot soup placed in it at 8:00am was stone cold by 11:00am. the packaging did recommend it be used for hot amp; cold items, it mentioned soup. this is not the case. what a big waste of money. i haven't used it since
not very hot at all....if i put hot soup in at 8:30 am... at 1 pm it is just barely warm...  i'm really surprised at the poor insulation of this product.  i was under the impression that nissan was a quality brand - and for $... for a little thermos, you'd expect your soup to stay hot for at least 4 hours or so!  i'm sure it does a great job at keeping things cold - that's not exactly difficult
disappointed.the dishes were not fired properly and were different shades - the size of the bowls were not as pictured or described.  they were not packaged well and arrived with some broken. we had difficulty dealing with your customer service department and had to make multiple calls to receive proper credit
4 quart saucepan with fryer basket.i was dissapointed to see that the lid has a big hole in it so that you can't make rice in the pan for example. and they won't sell you a separate solid lid
not very durable!.we are a military family, so we have to relocate every few years, and these cannisters have not held up.  they have warped just enough so that the lids won't screw on well, they do not close tightly, and we have found little bitty bugs inhabitting our cereal.  the screw-tops are a major disappointment. we are now seeking to replace them with sealable tops, such as the rubbermaid other ones we have, which aren't as attractive but actually manage to hold up
poor quality - not worth the money.i was excited to start making my own yogurt again, as i use to do about 20 years ago. when i got this machine i thought it would do the job, i was wrong!! first of all the machine stoped running after about 4 hours, and the heat from the bottom unit would not spread out to all the jars. i followed all the directions and my yogurt came out watery. too bad there were no ratings on this item when i bought it. i will have to look for a new yogurt maker  throw this one out the door
mixless christmas.our daughter loves fruit smoothies more than anything, so we ordered the waring drink mixer for her for christmas.  when we opened it up to set it up on christmas eve, there was no mixing cup in the box.  it may be a good product, but poor customer service ruined her christmas morning..
good oven bad hinge.short review: oven hinge designed for quick time to failure. krups support not helpful. otherwise oven features are fine...i have used this oven for just under a year without incident. the controls are easy enough to manipulate and it performs standard tasks well enough. it would have been a happy story until an internal part of the hinge breaks for no apparent reason, resulting in a door that doesn't close all the way. after calls to their 3rd party repair center and krups tech support, the only suggestion i had was to disassemble the oven to find the broken part. well upon opening it, i find what has to be an anti-consumer hinge design. a metal tab that attaches to the spring to retract the door has a plastic slides against a plastic frame. this is to prevent the tab from colliding with a the electrical socket lower front heating element. metal on plastic doesn't last too long and is sure to result very quickly in hinge failure. initially i loved this oven but now it's a headache and i regret buying krups
weakness with krups toaster oven.there is a flaw with this toaster that one may or may not encounter.  pulling down on the door cracks a poorly designed internal plastic piece that is key to holding the door closed.  this would not be so bad except krups has no real parts system in the u.s. and one cannot simply order the part.  it's a lot of money for a toaster that cannot be repaired and has a design weakness.  we have lots of kids and we need appliances that are child resilient, this toaster is not.  otherwise, it works okay
i was duped.i bought this item from amazon based on the great ratings i read, even though i thought it was ridiculous to have to spend this much for a toaster oven.  i had a delonghi air stream that i was happy with until the control dial broke about 5 or 6 years in.  i definitely wanted convection again.  this toaster oven is bigger, and that is about the only good thing i have to say about it.  it fits 8x8 pans, brownie pans, pie plates and dinner plates.  however, i have never baked anything in it that came out right.  the quartz feature cycles between the top and bottom and doesn't bake evenly.  the timer is preset to 30 minutes, which is a pain.  most things like nachos or reheats don't take nearly that long.  rather than have to push the down button, i normally just stand there watching until i think it's done.  even the toast comes out wrong, either too light or too dark, depending on where you have the racks.  even the clock is hard to set.  i have learned one thing.  now i look at the bad reviews before i buy anything online.  i bet all the good reviews were plants from the company rather than real people like me
stay away from this one.i bought this iron to replace a leaking iron my girlfriend was using.  when she tried to use it for the first time she waited over 30 minutes for the iron to get hot enough to use.  it never did and i promptly sent it back for a full refund.  amazon was great refunding my money no questions asked.  i am a frequent customer of amazon and recommend them highly....but not this iron. :
unique features in a bad product with lousy service resolution..i bought a panasonic toaster oven and i am now planning to return what i have. my first unit worked fine for about 4 months and then the rack mechanism broke followed by the heating element at the bottom. i had to send the unit for repair and then (weeks later) was accused of abusing the unit by the servicer, who then claimed an out of warranty problem and refused to repair it. weeks later, panasonic sent me a replacement - but the wrong model; more weeks later, i received the right model but it was damagaed upon unpacking it. it's been three months and i still don't have resolution or a toaster oven, not to mention all the time i've spent on the phone with panasonic - where some folks are very helpful and some are worthless (outsourcing at its best). i cannot recommend this product and for me, the panasonic brand is tainted
i must have received the wrong oven, because you all love yours.....this is a great bachelor oven.  it can handle tv dinners, frozen fries, frozen flat chicken...anything flat. if you need something with more than 2.5 inches in height to be cooked...forget it. i looked at the dimensions in the description and they seemed fine, but what it doesn't tell you is the rack is only at a center position.  you won't be baking a potato in this baby...the potato is too tall.  ..i did a small pan of cornbread.  top got nice and brown, then the instructions say to add a piece of foil to the top.  okay done.  well, what should have taken 30 minutes, took 45...so no 40% less time there.  it was goo in the middle for the longest time.  i tried cookies, flattening them as suggested by other reviewers.  i felt like the outside was burned while the inside wasn't cooked through.  toast wasn't a golden tan as i had anticipated, but brown around the edges, white in the center.  frozen pizza, the back half cooking faster than the front, had to turn it around half way through, and yes, i did read the instruction booklet that said to put pizza towards the back of the tray.  my kid also likes a crunchy bottom on his pizza, well since the tray is required for pizza, it was floppy pizza.  ..the degrees are more designed for celsius, there is no god's perfect ordained temperature of 350 f, but that's okay.i had such high hopes for this item.  with all the fantastic reviews, i thought i had found a toaster that could also cook small items...my mistake.  the power on/off button is not good for families with children.  nobody will turn it off.  the idea is nice.  i am thinking the interior cavity is so small that it is for a tiny home in japan, or that the technology is too expensive to make larger...not sure on that one.  if they did make a large oven with this technology, i might be interested.  i give it 2 stars for being a good idea....but needs work. i like that the rack moves forward when the door is opened.  no burned fingers, and this oven is about as hot as hades on all sides and top. lastly, gawd help the aesthetics...
it broke after one week!.i have an excellent vornado fan that i've happily used for several years, so i was expecting this heater to be of similar quality, efficiency, and durability.  additionally, i read good reviews of this heater both on amazon and elsewhere, so my expectations were high...alas, the heater didn't heat very well at all, not even when it was a few feet away, much less warming the whole room, and one week after i started using it, the power switch broke (it has a push button power switch, that when depressed, slipped off to the side and never emerged again)...perhaps this machine was simply defective; my advice would be to buy one, if you must, where you can easily return it if necessary.  luckily, i bought from an excellent third party vendor on amazon (uncle joe's) who provided outstanding customer service.
i like most of this set....the canisters crack!!.we bought one for christmas and love the food sealer.  we also bought this kit.  we loved everything except the canisters.   all the canisters have cracked.  so far, still holding the seal, but they are getting progressively worse, so it's just a matter of time.  these aren't exactly cheap, so i think it's safe to say that we should expect bettter.  if you read the review for the 3-piece canister set, you will see extensive complaints about the cannisters
not so soft.i bought the 1200 ct sheets because i wanted an ultra-soft sheet but was disappointed.  the sheets are extremely heavy and will no doubt wear for years but they are not soft ... even after several washings.  i should have returned them immediately but kept thinking that one more washing would soften them up .... wrong
neither soft nor silky.1200tc sheets are very soft. these sheets are not as advertised and i would never buy them again. as a matter of fact if i can return them i will
scratchy sheets.these sheets are like 200 cotton count not 1200 cotton count. do not order you will be sorry!!
maybe someday....maybe someday i will actually receive this item.  i ordered in july and september 12 and still nothing.  now it says late october - early november expected delivery.  omg!  can i report this to the bbb
not so great!!.i much rather prefer fewer pieces but made of metal instead....these cutters come in a great assortment, but are only good for making cold dishes, since you cannot use them for anything too hot or harder consistency.....most of them my daughter uses for playing with playdough
great if you a running a day care center.unless you are working with a lot of children, i don't see any other need for 100 cookie cutters.  just more junk in the kitchen.  look exciting for children to cut cookies for a day care party
non-stick coating peels again.my widowed mother-in-law badly needed a pan to use in her toaster oven and was delighted when i found this little nordic ware casserole pan; it was the perfect size.  within a month, however, the black non-stick coating began to peel in dime-size circles.  she never puts anything in her dishwasher and is a diligent rule-follower -- i know this was not something she caused.  i have no doubt bed, bath  beyond will replace it, but it doesn't look like there are any other choices.  i would much prefer to buy her something heavier and well made without a non-stick coating.  we'll see...customers, be forewarned....nordic ware, hopefully you are addressing what appears to be a problem
nonstick coating flaking off.i really loved this when i first got it, so i was supremely disappointed when the nonstick coating began flaking off, essentially rendering it unusable. i may have gotten a bad batch or something. the product has a lifetime warantee and i do intend to send it back in, but wanted to let folks know about my experience
very disappointing - definitely not worth the money.we have had this baster for less than a year and the bulb has already cracked and split, rendering the thing virtually useless.  my old cheap plastic baster -- which i got at the dollar store -- lasted longer than this product
looks nice, has major flaws.there is only one advantage to this drainer. it does fold and it can be stored under the sink or even tipped up against a backsplash to save space when not in use. ..  however, it has major flaws as well. there are a zillion tiny spaces to try and keep clean. each folding plate or cup "holder" slides into an indented hole, and keeping those holes clean is a major pain. enlarge the photo on the main page listing for this item and you may see what i mean. ..  you can separate the top section from the bottom and if you don't do this every time you wash the dishes, you are likely to find a brown, moldy mess in the drain part of the rack in very short order. ..     i have to wonder - how is this an improvement on the type of dish racks which simply let water drain into your sink rather than being stored in a baking sheet sized container? what is the point of having dirty water sit around for any length of time? let it go directly into the sink. why not?  ..  you could, i suppose, add some bleach to the holder and get around some of the sanitary issues. but even with that step, cleaning the numerous rungs of this dish rack would be a major, major pain. without careful scrubbing, you'll end up with leftover food bits, a true health risk. ..  you can't just run it under sink water, like most dish drainers. the holder under the drainer retains water, so to get it truly clean, you have to separate top and bottom. there are tabs to allow you to do this - but it is an extra step over the older, plainer dish racks. ..  i admit it looks nice and compact when folded and if a modern, clean look is worth the time and trouble to keep this clean and sanitary, you might still consider this worth the investment. i think the novelty factor is not worth the extra time spent in maintaining it. kitchen items need to be practical, safe and sanitary. and for my dollar, they have to be easy to clean. ..  i love true innovations in kitchen design but only ones which look great and are truly practical. practical this is not!
farberware urn.i just came across this urn,the reason being i'm shopping for its replacment. this urn doesn't percolate thoroughly or saturate the basket.  it brews weak due to this defect.  i have checked water and grind ratios. i also agree that it doesn't keep it hot enough.  thanks for the input, i will not waste time  by calling for service and  i will not purchase this brand personally. .i am considering a bun for both brew time and heat and serving it in 2 stainless airpots..
make sure  it's "made in the usa".we used this item about six times. it worked perfectly and was a beautiful addition to the buffet. the seventh time we plugged it in, nothing happened. we checked outlets, wiring etc, but it simply did not work. we contacted the farberware company by email and heard nothing. we contacted them again and received an email back saying call our 800 number. we called the 800 number three times and were on hold for over 10 minutes. we called the store from which we purchased it and they gave us another number. we called that number and the farberware representative told us " if you have the original sales receipt and if the warrantly is still good we'll send you another one." we did not have the sales receipt. then we called a local small appliance repair company who said "if it's made in the usa, we can repair it, if it's made in china, throw it away." ours was made in china. we figure each pot of coffee we made with this pot cost $15 plus the cost of the coffee. we won't buy another one.
do not buy!.ok, consider me an expert on brookstone fans. between me and my brother, we have gone through 11 brookstone fans.. .it started out when i purchased the very cute tiny brookstone silver retro fan for $35 for traveling purposes. it came with an ac adapter and also ran on batteries so i was set. what a great fan! i absolutely loved it! my jealous brother bought one too because he liked mine so much..it lasted for 4 months. i took it back for another. 2 weeks later, i took the second one back for a third. 3 months later for fan #4. i thought that eventually they will get sick of me and give me my money back. but i was happy to keep returning their defective product for new defective product for as long as they wanted. another 3 months and fan #4 died. .on the fifth trip, i noticed they were discontinuing the little silver retro fan so i opted to exchange it and pay $15 more for the minimax. i can't use it for travel but think it will work great on my night stand. once i got home, i immediately noticed the poor fit and finish of the minimax. the internal fan blade mechanism is wobbly and makes a lot of noise. i've had $4 fans that are better build quality. i was worried that i would soon be taking this back for fan number six. .five months later i had fan number 6 as fan 5's wobble got worse and worse and finally the motor burned up. fan #6 sat nib for 1 year in my closet. i was afraid of plugging it in since i knew how fast these deteriorate. 2 weeks ago i finally brought my fan into work, plugged it in and fired it up. .everyone comments on what a nice looking fan i have. i do like the looks and the options. and then everyone comments on how incredibly loud it is. the persistant wobble of the fan blades is worse then ever on this fan. and it gets worse with each passing day. just like before. i give this fan about 4 months to live before i'm back to brookstone for something else. ..my brother, who bought each of the same fans i did, had similar experiences.  he is on fan #5 himself...i will say one thing about the company, they never gave me a problem on exchange for any of these fans. good customer service. but customer service can't fix the fan. .the bottom line: good ideas + good customer service + bad quality control = bad brookstone.
worked great at first, broken 3 months later.looks great, feels sturdy...but now, three months later after normal use, we need to push the handle in a certain way in order to get it to work at all.  the cans are no longer held up by the can opener, and we have to work at it for quite a while before the lid comes completely off.  very disappointed
not worth the higher price.worked ok, if one excludes the splashing of liquid contents on the opener and countertop.  frequently, when it finishes opening the can, the lid moves suddenly and splashes liquid on the opener and elsewhere - cleanup required.  now, after a year's use, the auto shutoff is becoming intermittent - one has to babysit the opener to try to stop it
can't opener.very disappointed with this can opener.  got this for my husband for a gift expecting good quality because of the name brand and cost.  like the rest of the unhappy consumers, getting the opener to grip the can is frustrating.  when you are able to get it set, the blade ripps and tears the can and paper leaving paper and metal filings in the food, the the little plastic thing that holds the cutter into the base comes loose so you have to tighten it.  i've had to retreive it from the trash can many times from my husband throwing it out in total disgust so, now it's time to find one that works
don't buy, bad product, bad warranty.worked for only 2 weeks. terrible warranty. you must pay postage to send back for warranty service and include a $10 check
cuisinart dco-24 die cast can opener dies an early death.when i first got the opener, i was most impressed with the die cast case....it appeared to be built like a sherman tank. and for the first few weeks it operated like a sherman tank....plowing through can tops like a true war machine...but alas, after just 4 weeks of use, it died. the design has an achilles heel that portends a like death for all owners. while the die cast case will stand up to a direct  frontal howitzer attack, the cutting arm is attached to this indestructible case by an all too flimsy piece of plastic. a little extra pressure on the arm and this plastic attachment shatters....leaving you with a $49 die cast paper weight...thank you for taking the time to read my review, but i must now leave you for the siren call of the electric can opener of the month club. so many can openers.......so little time.
was hoping for better.i have just started cooking on a regular basis. the hard-anodized cookwar looks cool and more importantly cooks evenly and true (they conduct heat really well). the only thing is i can't get them clean, even after the first use. i hand washed them with a sponge and they look clean when they are wet. then i dry them and they look like crap. the pans are smooth and clean, but they don't look clean, there is a weired blochiness. the brochure says to use ajax to bring them back to new, but i don't have the guts to try it. also you have to be real carefull or everything will stick. i didn't return them, they work, but i would buy something else. (like calphalon one for three times the price?
worst pots and pans i have ever used.as expensive as these were, my wife and i thought we were getting the best cookware on the market.  instead, we found ourselves burning everything we attempted to cook.  then, you can't clean them!  yes, even the nonstick style will burn everything.  i think all of the positive reviews must be utter lies...as a result, they sit in a cabinet and we use cheap cookware.  amazing how a $19 pan works 100 times better.  i feel like a fool.  i won't even be able to auction these off.  i guess good advertising can keep a company with a bad product in business.  ..absolutely useless
just awful.why would anyone want pots that can't be used on high heat, can't be washed in the dishwasher or can't be scoured for fear of removing their anodized finish.  my calphalon professional pots were very expensive and it makes me sick that they have preformed so poorly...i am a real cook and use my pots several times a day, i need them to work, not just look good and this cookware is ridiculously tempermental.  after leaving them on the heat too long, just once, they warp.  food sticks easily to them and they are very hard to clean because you can't use steelwool or abrasive pads.  after a guest put one in a dishwasher by mistake, the pot finish was ruined, and i had aluminum coming off on my food.  i am someone who takes good care of my things, and it is impossible to clean these well without removing the finish.  i had taken some  comfort in the "lifetime" warrantee, i tried to return them, but the warrantee, like this cookware is absolutely useless
way too thin!.this product was horrible. i ordered a queen size and expected a huge box to arrive carrying such.  however, it was so small that a pair of shoes could have fit in it.  when i took the featherbed out of the box, it was terribly thin.  i currently have a featherbed and it is nice and fluffy.  this item unfortunately felt as though i was simply lying on a blanket.
long ship time.i wish i could say how the pan worked. i purchased it june 2, 2006. as of july 4, 2006 and i had not received it. it is now july 17th and i just received notification that the item is going to be delayed until the middle of august! buy this pan somewhere else
love the dinnerware, hate the mugs!.the design of the mug handles is such that one cannot drink hot liquids without burning the skin of the fingers that are inside the handle.  if i could replace just the mugs, i'd be a happy camper
broken out of the box and "out of warranty" on first day?.i received my unit as a present.  the electric conection of the motor arm was damaged when i opend the box.  the connection is held in place with three bent metal tabs and one of them had broken off and the connector had slid into the motor arm and could no longer be attached.  when i called cuisinart, they said that the unit was "out of warranty". i asked if that meant the unit was more than three years old (bear in mind i thought i was buying a "new" unit), and they said yes it was more than three years old based on the serial number...cuisinart indicated that i should send in a copy of my order and they might still honor the warranty.  i said no thanks and returned the unit.  three years (at least) in a warehouse is not a product that i consider "new"... especially since it contains chemicals that degrade over time...caveat emptor.  buyer beware
i got a lemon  cuisinart won't make good.i had this item 2 weeks when i found the small paddle broken.  because it makes wonderful ice cream easily, i wanted to get a replacement paddle and keep the ice cream maker.  cuisinart said they would replace the paddle, but they don't do it.  the item has been sitting on my counter for weeks, and i cannot use it. finally, i ordered four paddles and paid for them myself.  if you buy this item, be sure to buy extra paddles.  they are very fragile.  no one touched the machine but me, and i followed the directions religiously.  ..8-30-06  cuisinart still cannot supply the replacement paddle for the defective one on the machine i purchased.  i have tried to purchase them on my credit card and they also promised to send me free replacement paddles.  i have received nothing!!  it has been 2 and a half months since i first requested a replacement from cuisinart, and 1 month since i tried to buy a replacement paddle. i cannot use the ice cream maker.  i would never purchase another cuisinart product again.  they have no customer service. i am forced to return the ice cream maker because cuisinart cannot supply replacement parts.  and they told me i was a "first priority" when the paddles came in...today is september 5th and i finally got a replacement paddle.  my first request for a replacement paddle was the end of june.) we finally will have ice cream.  i tried to make arrangements to return the machine and that seemed to make cuisinart send the paddles.  tonight it will be a delicious fat-free, sugar-free strawberry.  (skim milk, splenda, and frozen strawberries run thru the blender first.)  i am in heaven!!!!!!!!!  if it weren't for the terrible time cuisinart gave me, i would have given this item 5 stars.  as it is, i cannot give more than two or three.  cuisinart stinks in customer service, but the machine makes delicious, easy, soft-serve ice cream
don't put the beater in the dishwasher.wow.  the beater and dough hook are "burnished aluminum" and you can't put either one in the dishwasher!  i have read that you can get coated ones, but people then complain that the coating comes off in the food...what kind of a deal is that?  my old sunbeam came with stainless steel beaters and dough hooks and they go thru the dishwasher just fine...why is this thing the most expesnive thing on the market and they skimp on the beater  dough hook????  makes me wonder what ell else they have skimped on that you can't see.... the profit margins must be huge
rust spots.i was very disappointed with these knives because they got rust spots.  upon calling customer service, i was told the knives were not dishwasher safe and should be washed and dried promptly after use
burns one side.from the reviews, i thought that this toaster would be a good one. i am sending it back due to the fact it burns one side of the toast while doing the other side normally. very disappointed
toasts one side fine.i bought this because it looked the way i wanted and the reviews seemed okay.  returned after a week because it would only toast one side.  i kept thinking the bagel setting must be on but it wasn't.  bought an oster but now i'm thinking about returning it because it does the same thing.  doesn't anyone make a decent toaster??
fast-cooker.i'm actually online today searching for a new slow-cooker.  this one, which i've owned for about 9 months now, does not cook slowly! the tender, fall-apart kind of results you expect to get from meat cooked in a crockpot are not what you get with this thing.  it's convenient to clean, store,  re-heat; but roasts turn out rubbery, vegetables don't get done,  soups don't do any better than they'd do in a pot on the stove.  and that's basically all this thing is: a pot on a heating element... with a cord of all of 2 feet!  this is not a slow-cooker.  don't bother with it
watch out for that non-stick coating!.i purchased this slow cooker because it has such a good review from flylady.com.  .it is a very accurate cooker but because of its nonstick surface deteriorating i rate it as a two.  i cleaned and packed up this cooker in it's original packaging after every use because of the glass lid and non-stick coating. unfortunately the lid is rimmed with metal and everytime it is placed on the cooker it rubs against it. i have had it about a year and the coating started to flake off after a few uses. so, you may ask yourself where does all that flaked off nonstick (teflon?) coating go? well, into my family's food. if you are concern as i am-don't purchase this
temperature settings don't work.had high hopes for this slow cooker based on amazon reviews, but based on my first attempt (buffalo stew) this device should be renamed "fast cooker".  all four temperature settings resulted in overcooking.  even at the "keep warm" setting the stew continued to boil, so the stew turned into mush.  don't buy it
not hot enough.i just tested the temp of the water in my west bend and found that low (which most recipes call for) was only 134 degrees (in the danger zone) and my recipes were not getting done properly.  i am grateful that we have not suffered food poisening and plan to contact west bend to see what might be wrong. ..i do like the feature of being able to brown the meat in the pan in which you slow cook.
not up to the mark.this item was specified as 55% polyester and 45% cotton, but this item is 100% polyester, and the wash care was suppose to be " dry clean only " intead of " machine wash " as advertised...i think amazon shouldnt have these kind of products on their web site which will ruin their reputation of selling good and genuine products.
not machine washable.according to the tag on the comforter, the item is dry clean only!
bad stuff.just as other reviewers said, this quality is really bad. do not buy this
don't be fooled by the list price!.the set is very light-weighted and the quality is poor.  i paid one tenth of the list price, but when i received it, i felt i paid too much.  not worth it
disposable. cheap junk falling apart.i like the design, it is black and gold like in the photo, no sage or navy, that's great. but this is so poorly made, and it's dry clean only! that'll cost more than it, and this would never survive a washing machine, at least that was my first thought upon seeing/feeling it.  but it's worse than that after a week on the bed the lining is tearing and ripping and the filling is coming out. sending it back
hot pack goes bang.i've enjoyed this product for 2 years. however this fall the hot pack exploded in my microwave.  i followed all the directions.  the problem is i am unable to use the portable with any hot foods. i have been unable to purchase the hot pack alone. could someone please send a listing of stores where i can buy the hot pack. i live in the lansing,mi area. if i can buy the hot pack online, i would be happy to do that also. thank you for your interest.  margare
typhoon vintage kitchen mixing bowls, set of 3, pink.after two attempts to send me a complete unbroken set, and that failed, i had to wait forever for a refund...i asked that you just send a replacement each time for the broken bowls and that was not a possibility.
stay away!.i have had mine for  about 3 months and it quit the other day.  i used this every day so maybe that was the problem. i did read other reviews that stated the same problem. also it never made course enough grounds for a french press. i should have spent a little more since i now have to anyway.
re: pump machine espresso, customer service in denial, but grind twice  it works.-----update to this review----..i wrote below it didn't work, but now i find if i cycle the ground beans through the grinder a second time (both times on the finest setting), then the grounds i get out work reasonably in my espresso machine. ..given that single grinding is already slow and that dispensing the grounds from the two-piece, snap-in receptacle just once requires more attention and goes more slowly than i feel like it ought to (it has a lid you don't see in the photo, which you have to remove and replace each time and it collects coffee in corners and random faces), 2x grinding feels like too much prep time and extra cleanup for a single self-serving on a regular basis. if i meant to grind a pound at a time, it wouldn't be a deal-breaking issue probably.  ..----original review below----..i keyword searched all the customer reviews for all the low-end burr grinders and decided that at least some of these capresso 555 machines were satisfying customers who own a "serious" (i.e. semi-auto pump-driven) home espresso machine and can tell when the coffee comes out the way it's supposed to--which unfortunately depends on having grinds fine enough to slow the flow of the high-pressure water. anyway for the price ($60 w/free shipping) i decided to gamble, and i lost. capresso customer service is reluctantly sending me a new top-burr unit, which is an adjustable element but not something capresso wants customers meddling with. i thought i was gambling time and convenience only, because (despite bad reports here) capresso itself describes this grinder as suitable for semi-automatic machines not only in its marketing but in the manual. only turkish mokka something or other is excluded. so i figured capresso would feel obliged to refund me my money or send me new units until i got the performance they promised to deliver me for my money. so far no good. the capresso phone agent said she'd never heard any such complaints as i was making from buyers of this model, and that she knew vast numbers were grinding away happily for semi-automatic pump driven machines. she didn't recognize the name "gaggia" as the vw of espresso or that my machine was like the beetle--the utterly conventional and archetypal model. she wouldn't grant that what i get from starbucks or grind on the "espresso" setting myself at the grocery store was a suitable comparison point for grind fineness. only by being implacable and raising my voice at the end did i get her to take my address and agree to send me the new burr. i'll add a postscript if that works, but i wanted to testify to this experience so future gamblers might have a better sense of the odds and risks
i would give it less than one star, but that is not an option.i purchased this grinder may 31, and gave it as a gift june 11 of 2005.  as of july 18, 2005 the machine no longer works.  it was typically on a '6' grind setting, the little brush was used faithfully to clean the output area and the top part of the burr to keep it from getting clogged.  the thing just plain old stopped working for no apparent reason. with just over 30 days of service (less a week of being on vacation).  i don't care if the thing turns out grounds that are better than gold, if it doesn't work, and breaks that quickly after meticulous care...what kind of p.o.s**t is it?  it will go back, and be replaced with the same because its under warranty.  if it actually works beyond 30 days i'll revise my review..but for now ...what a freaking waste of your money
nothing like the original!.while i agree this pan is good looking, it's not good cooking!  takes a long time to heat up and bottom does not heat evenly.  if i'd known farberware had changed their "classic" pan, i wouldn't have bought it.  my advice--look for another brand
plastic.one should not have any hot liquid in plastic. it is not good for you health. why not use glas
nice look but needs a fluted spout and is not rust-proof.the good: this kettle looks very nice, and it's got a rubberized grip so you can pour immediately after taking the kettle off without having to worry about burning yourself...the bad: the spout is not fluted, so if you're tilting the kettle up to get the last of the water out, the hot water runs around the edge of the spout, falls off in half a dozen places, and makes a puddle of steaming water around your tea cup.  if you happen to have your hand on the cup's handle, ready to take it away, you'll burn yourself...also, this kettle rusted within six weeks of purchase.  i do not recommend this kettle for anyone intending to get serious use out of it
poor design.i bought this tea kettle as a gift for my husband and it has been a constant source of irritation for him.  the spout's design is so poor that it splashes hot water all over the counter or stovetop every time he pours.  we love the color and the physical design but will be replacing this tea kettle since it does not perform well.  after all, isn't function more important than looks
it's ok, but....got this to replace my mr. coffee grinder after hearing how great a burr is compared to a blade type..it worked for the first few grinds, but has some drawbacks..1) does not feed beans correctly into the burr blades. takes a slight "shake" of unit for it to operate. now this was on tully's beans. worked ok once in a while with other brands of whole bean coffee..2) choice of grind setting is incorrect on unit. i'm in agreement with others who have posted this. tried many different settings and it was consistent in grinding a bean to dust, which is fine for espresso but not good for a drip brew..i ended up getting a cuisinart burr grinder at costco after giving up on the delonghi. and it was less expensive to boot..maybe it'll bo better on whole pepper...who knows..steer clear in my opinion. waste of $ on this purchase.
abysmal!.this was absolutely awful.  we bought this for light use in an office, the thing worked great for about a week.  after that nothing but problems.  we had to constantly clean it, the blades refused to grind the coffee and had to basically disassemble it everytime we wanted to ground coffee every morning and afternoon.  we got great at using thin knives to clean out the mechanism.  please don't waste your money on this.  steer as far clear from this as you can
not good for espresso..if you're thinking about grinding coffee for an espresso machine with this grinder: forget it! the finest ("espresso") grind is coarse enough for drip coffee! i even disassembled the thing to see if i can manually adjust it, but no such luck. by the way,  i also noticed the componenets are cheaply made while i had the machine open. i am giving it one star because i can't give it less, and also because it looks cool, but it will ook even better in my garbage can tonight ;-
no good for espresso.the machine does make a consistent grind without heating up the coffee, but it does not produce a fine enough grind for making espresso, even at the finest setting. you know how finely ground coffee stains the fingers? the coffee grounds from this grinder do not leave a trace. ..bottom line: great for drip coffee or french press, not good enough for espresso makers. (and don't even think about making turkish coffee with the grounds from this machine...
not worth the price...keep on shopping..i've had the toaster for over 5 years and have enjoyed it very much with the speed it toast and how well it evenly toast.  owners must use this item with great caution though.  bagels will need to be squished/flatten or suffer getting stuck and you spending time retrieving the item--be careful with children as they are tempted not to unplug the toaster when inserting their metal fork to retrieve their bagel.  the timer will fail with no warning aside from the day you are preparing for work and the fire detectors go off.  as fate would have it, the timer did not stop so the cooking continued leaving the detectors goings off and dogs barking.  for a short term investment, this is a great item to have but for the long haul, keep on shopping
not even close to being worth the money.other than the look, which has now been duplicate  by other companies, there is absolutely no reason to buy this incredibly expensive toaster. it does not toast evenly. it does not accomodate bagels unless you flatten the bagel into a pancake with a hole in it. everything is manual, and has to be reset every time, including how long the toast cooks, and whether you heat the elements for one slice or two. the idea that the toaster keeps your toast warm.after it's done toasting is false. the toast is barely warm, and as you'd expect once you think about it, dried out. the dual lit is all hype, no better functioning than a $30 toaster from sears (or amazon,.which is the best place to do business in the world.
great while the non-stick lasted..this pan is one of the best ones i've used for cheesecakes, however, after several uses, i found that the non-stick began to peel off.  for the price, i did not expect this.  perhaps, it was just a fluke, but for the next pan, i will try another brand
only if you really take the time to clean it.own a couple of these cat fountains and they aren't worth it.  it is affordable and very quiet, but that is the only thing going for it.  the resevoir, as has already been stated in previous reviews, is a horror to clean.  it gets filled with scum frequently and therefore needs to be cleaned often.  the filters are a waste too.  i would give it a no stars if allowed.  unless you are going to really thoroughly clean it every 2 or 3 days your cat is going to be drinking disgusting water.
poor design.i have a cat that splashes water all over the kitchen even when the water is refreshed several times a day.  out of desperation i tried this fountain for her.  it stopped the splashing, thank goodness, but now i had new problems.  ..the reservoir is too small and if you don't check it constantly it will go dry and that ruins the motor--not to mention it is impossible to see the water level through the blue plastic unless you crouch down on the floor right next to it!  ..hardwater scale builds up and is difficult to remove.  it is very difficult to clean.  i hated the fuss of cleaning it all the time and trying to watch it to make sure it didn't go dry.  you can't even put it in the dishwasher!  i had a hard time finding replacement filters for it too. after only 3 months it stopped working.  i went out and found a gravity fed water bowl that uses an air pump (like for a fish tank) to oxygenate the water and keep it moving/bubbling around.  no fountain, but the cat doesn't seem to mind and the splashing is still under control.  also i can put this one in the dishwasher and it is just so much easier to clean even by hand.  i think it even cost a little bit less than this fountain.  it holds tons more water too--and it won't die if it should happen to go dry.  keep this in mind when you are looking for this type of product for your cats.  ..by the way, my dogs have never drank from either one--they don't even seem to know it is there, right under their nose, so the marketing to dogs is just plain silly.  i only had one cat at the time the fountain died by the way.  just not a good design, not a good product
doesn't fit as advertized.while this looks to be a good quality product, this pad does not fit our mattress.  according to amazon.com, this pad will fit mattresses up to 17" deep.  it won't.  in fact, the packaging claims only to fit "any mattress up to 15 inches" deep.
poor quality.i purchased 6 white chantal mugs and returned them all.  they all have poor quality.  the opening of the mug is not round and the thickness is not consistent through out the mug.  if this was the reason that these mugs were on sale, amazon should have disclosed it to customers...it was a disappointment for me to purchase these items.  i'm disputing for a refund of the return shipping fee...hung tra
broke!.i used this a few times a month. after six months, i smelled something burning, and now one of the speeds doesn't work.  it is too late for the store to take it back, and it isn't worth sending in for manf. repair/replacement
burns up in four  months.this perculator lasted only four months with us;its rapid perk feature was its death! if you like to buy a new one every few months, this is for you
0 for 2.i have purchased 2 of these pots in the last 16 months.  the last one in feb.  they both worked great for 6 months or so then the heating units seem to fail.  only got warm tan water this morning!  same thing my last one did after about 8 months! great pot if you only need one for 6 months.  am on amazon looking for something that will last a little longer
happy at first, but not after 14 months.i love the design and stainless steel (no plastic taste).  enjoyed the coffee for awhile, but after a year we've been experiencing periodic short brew times producing nearly clear coffee.  seems that frequent cleaning, especially where the tube meets the bottom of percolator improves coffee perk.  pouring some coffee back through the top produces more flavor.   it's a great piece of hardware, but the increasingly inconsistent perk leads me to give it a low rating.  for daily use i'll go back to press coffee and use the farberware for parties.
great coffee, terrible quality.we got a farberware as a wedding gift over 15 years ago, it lasted about 10 years.  since then, in the last 5 years we've bought 3 replacements.  they work great, until right about the 12-month mark, when it begins brewing luke-warm light brown water.  i would rather pay more and have a pot that lasts longer ... it seems so wasteful to throw a pot away that still looks great
quality not what they used to be..we purchased this percolator because my wife's mother owned one for over 20 years and it worked great. it made good coffee..well the first one we bought broke within 3 months. heating element went out. we returned and got another. this one lasted a year and half. then the heating element went out. had it fixed as it was outside of warranty. 1 year later it broke again. surprise, the heating element went out..keeping the price down has a downside, cheaper parts that do not stand up over time. i would prefer to spend a little more and not have to replace it every year or so. my mother-in-law got quite the deal in only having to buy it once in 2 decades..we are done with farberware.
not what i was looking for.i recieved this and as soon as i opened the box knew it was not for me. the outside of the toaster looked as if someone had scratched it up with sand paper. it was not even a black anymore. as for how it worked i am not sure, i didn't even try it
lousy toaster.this toaster is terrible.  it takes forever for the bread to get toaster.  it is so light weight it requires two hands to put down the toast - one hand to hold the toaster so it doesn't tip over and one hand to push the lever.  i wouldn't recommend this toaster
had to return it..i'm surprised you requested this review because i returned the item.  they .were just what i wanted, color and all, but when i tried to put the dinner .plates in the dishwasher they only fit if i placed them using two spaces..this reduced the dishwasher capacity.  next problem surfaced when the same.dinner dishes didn't fit in my standard sized kitchen cabinet
first oxo failure.love their products but this simply doesn't work.  the sponge fails off with the slightest bit of pressure.  did i get a lemon or what
does not do the job.i tried to slice both a roast and a proscuitto into thin slices and was unable to do either properly. when the meat passed the leading edge of the blade it slowed the motor down signifigantly by pressing on the full surface of the blade. i could not get one full slice out of that machine. i will try to return it and look for a better one to buy. it is useless for the purpose i bought it for
a very disappointing...experience..i just received my amazon.com..., a waring fs800 pro electric food slicer. upon trying to use this item for the first time the motor barely had enough power to cut a tomato and emitted a burning smell as soon as i turned it on... unmentioned on the web page is the 10 minute duty cycle, an important piece of information that would have been a big help in deciding wether to purchase this item..
too many 'cons'......pro:  the low price...con:  first of all, the warranty is for 90-days, not 1-year as stated.  this was confirmed by a call to delonghi..2nd, the grill pan insert was a cheap aluminum piece that was bent in many directions..3rd, the interior light did not work..4th, if there is an automatic shutoff for baking, i could not locate it...as much as my cuisinart convection oven irritates me with its design/safety flaws, it does seem of better quality than the delonghi.  i guess i will not be giving it up soon
not non stick for me either.my first batch of muffins stuck horrendously and i was very surprised. i will try once more, then throw away this pan if i have same trouble
jumbo size disappointment.warning: everything i bake in these has a weird taste because of the silicone - not a plastic taste, but kinda perfumey. it's disgusting.  giant paper muffin cups might help, but i'm buying new metal pans.  if you care about taste, stay away from these
silly-con!.i got this as a christmas present. i have wanted one for a while as i loved the idea of a non-stick, easy to wash, easy to store muffin pan. . it's not very non-stick. my first batch of muffins stuck horrendously and i was very disappointed. looks like i'll have to use nonstick spray to make this one nonstick.
very dissapointed with this unit.i purchased this unit because of the high reviews that it has.  i was very disapointed.  it does not seem to clean nearly as well as units i have used in the past.  it left my carpet very wet and looking the same as the carpet did before cleaning.  the unit has a narrow cleaning path.  the tanks are cumbersom and not user friendly to refill.  ..the unit does not have some of the special features that other steam vacumes seem to have.  overall i was very displeased.  i attepmted to return this item and hoover and the disptributor refused to take it back saying that this unit is a persal hygene threat and that they can not take it back.  the told me it would be the same as taking back a straight razor or underwear. ..one nice quality is that the handle folds up for easy storage.  other than that this is the worst steam vac i have ever used.
another disappointment from calphalon.calphalon states in their website that the so-called infused anodization is not supposed to wear off.  after all, it's "infused."  in fact, they go so far as to say it's "rare."  it may be rare to them, but i've experienced it twice.  the first time, they replaced this pay.  now, it's happened again.  when the calphalon tea kettle began to leak (less than a year old), i decided to be through with calphalon.  it's an expensive mistake.  the quality is highly overrated.  workmanship is poor
attachment pack.the grinder works great.  the slicer/shredder is worthless.  if you want a grinder, order it seperately.  if you want a slice/shredder, order a food processor.  the slicer/shredder did an awful job on onions, mushing them up, and dropping large chunks into the bowl.  celery had the celery strings all wrapped around the drum.  it did do a good job on potatoes, shredding them nicely.  you also need two pairs of pliers to take the drum off the shaft when you're done.  and, a plastic spatula from my braun food processor was great to scrape the potato remains from the drum
disappointing.when my favorite sifter finally wore out after years of use, i was happy to find an identical one still available.  however, i quickly found out that it only looked the same. the spring mechanism was too weak to allow the sifting blades to return to position after squeezing the handle when using more than a half cup or so of flour.  after less than a dozen uses, the plastic part which attached the spring to the blade broke.  unfortunately, it appears as though kaiser has instituted the same sort of "cost takeout" process used by many companies to maximize profits at the expense of quality
do not be fooled--these are not made of silicone.i ordered these cutting boards hoping to use them for my hot glue-gun crafting and other high-temperature applications, and was very dismayed when i received them.  these "cutting boards" are actually nothing more than flexible plastic sheets with a very light smathering of silicone dotting on the bottom.  you could not use these in the oven and they are not "self-healing" like many silicone-based mats.  in fact, the first time i used one for the simple act of slicing a cucumber, when i was done it had so many cuts to the surface that it ended up looking like the older, often-used flexible plastic cutting mats i've purchased at a dollar-store or large national discount merchant store for much, much less. it shouldn't have shown that kind of wear after just one use, which tells me the composition of the plastic is even below-average.   ..bottom line: if you're looking for a mat with heat-resistance like that of actual silicone, forget it.  save your money
awful.why would anyone want pots that can't be used on high heat, can't be washed in the dishwasher or can't be scoured for fear of removing their anodized finish.  my calphalon professional pots were very expensive and it makes me sick that they have preformed so poorly.  i have noticed that many of the positive reviews were by people who haven't owned these pots for long..i am a real cook and use my pots several times a day, i need them to work, not just look good and this cookware is ridiculously tempermental.  after leaving them on the heat too long, just once, they warp.  food sticks easily to them and they are very hard to clean because you can't use steelwool or abrasive pads.  after a guest put one in a dishwasher by mistake, the pot finish was ruined, and i had aluminum coming off on my food.  i am someone who takes good care of my things, and it is impossible to clean these well without removing the finish.  i had taken some  comfort in the "lifetime" warrantee, i tried to return them, but the warrantee, like this cookware is absolutely useless
bad company to deal with.i purchased this rotisserie and like all the other reviews i loved it from the very first chicken i cooked.  as a new owner, i was looking for any excuse to use my new rotisserie and used it several times.  the problem came when after about 10 days the gear wheel broke.  i immediately contacted ronco because as a good customer the first thing i did when opening the box was to go online and complete the warranty registration.  boy was i ever shocked to find out that they would not replace the broken part.  they said that the retailer i purchased it from was responsible and the retailer said that if it had been used several times and wasn't defective from the start that i needed to contact the manufacturer.  this was eventually settled and the retailer took it back but i will not waste my money on another ronco product again
not  your mother's magnalite!.i own five pieces of this cookware branded magnalite. four pieces were my mother's. she had them for over thirty years. they were made and marked by general housewares corp (ghc), an indiana company, at their plant in sidney, ohio. the fifth piece was made there too but not by ghc and that's the problem. ghc made magnalite up until 1995 when they sold the name magnalite and the plant. the fourth piece i own was made in ohio after 1995 by another company. though it looks similiar in design, it is measurably half the thickness and weight of my mother's pieces. there is also another company that is using the name magnalite that is making them in china. replacement parts for the new magnalite will not fit the original old pieces. so todays magnalite is not the same as your mother's. be advised
awaiting delivery.i'm sure i would enjoy this cookware set considering i owned this set prior to hurricane katrina.  the problem is i can't seem to get it delivered, it makes it to new orleans but doesn't manage to leave the fed ex terminal before they return it to amazon.  i won't even begin to mention the poor customer service i recieved regarding the return of this product.  very disatisfied customer...........
rice good, part cheap and expensive to repair.the rice cooker is great...keeps the rice looking good for 2 days before it turns bad. i got this rice cooker over a year now, until one day i try to push open the rice cooker and the push button pop-out and broke a little part that holds the bottons together. rice is good. part is cheap. i would buy this item for no more then $50. now i'll have to upgrade to a better cooker that has a stong and sturdy push open button
not good for brown rice!.browse through the reviews, and you will see i am not the only person with this problem. i failed to look at the bad reviews before purchasing this unit. i am now returning it to amazon...this unit is not made for cooking brown rice. brown rice has a very hard outer shell, and as recommended by the support staff at zojirushi, you need to soak the rice at least 1 hour before hand. although overnight soaking is recommended...even after soaking the rice one night before hand, the rice cooker over boils, as the talc from the rice cannot be contained in the unit. you are left with a massive puddle under the rice cooker, clean up is a huge chore...another negative, the instruction manual doesn't tell you how many cups of water and rice to use.....a couple of pluses are that the rice pan is very easy to clean, and there was support staff available, although they didn't help much...do not buy this rice cooker if you cook brown rice, or other hard grain rices
zojirushi ns-pc10 electric 5-cup rice cooker.burns the rice in the bottom of pot when kept in warm mode. too hot, even melted the edge of plastic rice spoon
dissatisfied.i am very sorry that i bought the above toaster. i would like to receive my money back. please call me at 561 775 3394 and i will explain...                                thank you,.                                         sanford goldin
sent mine back.i see that everyone else loves these spatulas, but i'm wondering what they are using to hold them with -- the handles are horrible.  they are just thin, sharp metal.  are you all using gloves or mitts or something?  i agree they probably are great with regard to heat-resistance, but the handles are extremely uncomfortable
horrible fan.do not buy this fan. it's small in size and really slow. does not circulate air at all. if you are more than 3 feet away from the fan the air doesn't reach you !!!..i just received this 30 minutes ago and it's going back by tomorrow's mail !!..update: returned this fan and bought honeywell ht800 turbo fan from amazon. it's very powerful and way better compared to this on
not very pleased.this is not a typical oxo item. i love oxo products, but this one looks like a cheap plastic utensil holder. does not by any means have the oxo feel
three strikes and it was gone.this knife gave a performance roughly equal to what i paid for it.  bread knives aren't really precision cutting tools, they basically need to be able to get a good grip on a hard surface and not make too many crumbs.  on both these counts this knife was not successful.  the blade is rather thick and as a result converts a lot of whatever it cuts to crumbs.  more importantly, the serrations did not stay sharp and had a tendency to slip.  after three people, myself included, got cut as a result of the knife slipping on hard bread or a bagel that was the end.  i replaced the knife with a suisin bread knife, which, while more expensive and a little hard to find, is far better as a bread knife
henkels vs. ja henkels.thanks to the previous review for pointing out that this knife is not a "real" henkels (aka ja henkels), and slicing through the crap/hoax reviews on this page..
revere whistling tea kettle.an oldie but goodie, this tea kettle is great for any type of stove.  easy to clean and maintain, it coordinates well with many of today's stainless kitchen appliances.  the whistle is a great reminder it's time for tea
boils fast but this is a flawed kettle.well reviewed on amazon but this kettle is lacking. the copper does, indeed, boil water fast; and that's the job of a kettle, i admit. however, the button/trigger that opens the spout is too close to the steam and you're forever guarding your fingers and shying away from the kettle. as you tilt the kettle to pour, you're also tilting the steam nearer to your fingers. it's uncomfortable at best and searing at worst. ..while you learn how to not get scalded, this kettle is always at least slightly irritating.  there are better kettles around
surprize!.i just recived my new pans.  they are not ceramic interior.  they are your basic non stick.  every web site will tell you ceramic, i called kitchenaid and was told that is a non stick interior.  if you are looking for true ceramic interior pans do not buy these.
zyliss soft skin peeler.i am disappointed in the product.  maybe i don't know exactly how to use the peeler.  i will continue to try
just not a good item.i just don't like this item. got it as a wedding gift and have hardly used it because it sucks, plain and simple. don't buy. there are others out there that are better. not kitchenaid quality here!!!
first kitchenaid appliance that is not good..very low quality and i am very surprised that kitchenaid puts its name on this product.  i highly do not reccommend this product.  i agree with all the other reviews about this product and was in denial until i bought one myself
crumbled to bits on third apple.the third time i used this slicer on an apple, it broke apart, giving me the opportunity to see that it's construction is flimsy
use a knife!.this is just junk.  i purchaced this on sale, thinking that kitchenaid was synonymous with quality.  not this time.  it balks as soon as a potato was even with the height of the blade.  being a stubborn man, i leaned on it and it started to move again.  little did i know that the metal blades were slicing through the flimsy plastic instead of the potato.  the apple slicer worked much better, lasting 4 apples before breaking, instead of 1 potato.  the item won't slice, but it will break.  it looks very nice, so it is only suitible for giving to annoying relatives that get you cheap crap for christmas.  don't expect to get any use out of it
junk.i am a reasonably strong man who found that the blades are so dull the french fry cutter would not cut lengthwise through a large potato without undue force.  because of this i consider this slicer to be somewhat dangerous.
12 in farberware.the first 3 weeks using this pan was great, nothing stuck to it. i even was able to brown meat in it and the pan made a decent fond. then i noticed a nick in the nonstick surface. i have never used anything besides wood and rubber utensils in the pan, so i know it was not me. i am going to see if i can return it; must be a manufacturers defect
i got the lemons.i must have gotten the lemons,i purchaased 2 12" and an 8, within 2 months the finish on the rims were off and the pan itself is loosing it's finish sides are turning brown and non stick is decreasing, i don't put mine in the dishwasher and i don't use pan spray..i'll be going backto wal mart at least those lasted a year..lynd
froth looks good, tastes bad.i was looking for a better way to froth milk than the steam wand on my espresso machine.  the froth au lait does make piles of great looking froth.  the taste and texture, however, are completely different than when using steam.  everyone who tried it had the same reaction.  look elsewhere
didn't get the job done....after having an "ol reliable" crock pot that was given to me by my mom (it's about 20 years old), i decided to splurge on something new, after a recommendation by a cooking magazine, i decided to give this a shot.  after several tries of cooking roasts, pork chops, and beef stew (which were always done to perfection in the other pot) they were not done after 10-12 hours on high..i'm glad i didn't get rid of my old pot (and glad i kept the receipt -i'm returning it.)
loved it until it broke.this was the perfect good-looking replacement for boring pyrex and i used it often - until one day it suddenly cracked right down the middle while i was roasting a small turkey breast in the oven. makes me completely wary of purchasing another as they're quite expensive. i have a similiar roasting dish from cost plus that's made in portugal and is still going strong. wish i could find more of those instead. (much cheaper
too many problems to be happy with..i bought this to replace a nice williams-sonoma model which simplified things with buttons to select meats and cooking doneness levels...only because i lost the proble travelling from relatives' houses. this polder had the extra benefit (i thought) of reading the oven temperature as well as the food temps. i used it thanksgiving -- no time like an important holiday, right? -- and discovered the warts on the thermometer:..if you set the oven temperature, its alarm will go off every 3-4 minutes because your oven naturally cycles between high and low while heating your food. you can only turn the alarm off for two minutes, then it's going to sound again. once you set an oven temperature, you cannot disable the alarm. the only workaround i found was to set it 50 too high so i could monitor the oven temperature without running back every few minutes to quiet it...setting the food temperature is up to you (no presets for beef, pork, etc. or levels of doneness) and if you make a mistake you must, like cheap digital watches, go all the way up to 600 and back around from zero again to fix it. there's no clear button to help start over (for either oven or food). plus, turning the device off and on again does not erase the settings!..there were occasional temperature fluctuations of over 25 during cooking (from 350 dropping to 325) which i had a hard time understanding. maybe it was the oven, but that was hard to believe. this made it tough to set and forget with all the constant fiddling of the temp dial to get it right...the polder rarely agreed with an in-oven slow-set thermometer i put in to check against, so i couldn't average out the temperatures...finally, although the polder said the turkey i roasted was only 165, it seemed overcooked by 5-6 degrees, but of course that depended on my placement as much as anything, so benefit of the doubt goes to the probe. i'm trying it again today with another bird to see if it's still problematic, but i'm not recommending it because of the alarm problem
do bot buy. lcd screen failed on 2 thermometers..i bought 2 thermometers within the last 2 years. .the lcd screen on the first one failed after about a year. .i took the second one out from its package and put fresh.batteries in it and it failed immediately .even though it was new taken from its original box!.so now i have 2 thermometers that .i can't use because of broken lcd screens. .i am never buying anything from polder ever again
lcd screen failed - junk.the idea is good - nice to have an alarm and a thin remote wire that allows the oven door to be kept shut..however, after using this product half a dozen times over the course of a year or so, the lcd screen failed.  for a while i could sort of guess at the temp based on the remaining segments of the numbers, but finally tossed it in the garbage yesterday.  this is not acceptable.  there are plenty of other options.  no more polder products for me
junk.probe stopped working during the fourth use. i was checking for a replacement probe when i read about others having the same problem. well, now i'll just throw it away and get a traditional leave-in type. sure, i may add a few minutes to my cooking time, but i think its better than using an inaccurate and problematic device. i could replace the probe, but how many of you have seen replacement blades for a wusthof? exactly
fan stinks.i bought 2 of these fans 2 years ago. in the last week they both failed. the warranlty is use less. it costs you $12.00 to ship back and they want $ 15.oo to return it. costs more then a new fan. what a dissapointment. vornado sure went downhill. r.schaeffe
honeywell - 3 times is a charm?.good news:  when the 17400 operates, it does a good job. .bad news:   motor is defective..i purchsed the honeywell 17400 envirocare in november 2003 and by june 2004 the unit cease to operate.  as described here already, the unit simply would not turn on.  returned it to service center on my dime plus $10.00 check.  after 5 weeks and no response, i complained aggressively to customer support who immediately dispatched a replacement unit. that new unit arrived in early august 2004 after 6 weeks without a unit. you can be sure that extreme care of the unit was observed at all times for fear that it would beakdown again.   guess what?  the new (replacement) unit stopped working on october 8.  the next unit (number 3) arrived in 7 days after my plaintiff telephone call to customer service. still, after the new unit arrive, i had to return the bad unit to honeywell again on my dime!  maybe three times a charm?  please, please whatever you do (unless amazon starts giving them away) do not get this unit.
horrible product - stay away!!.this unit only worked for about 6 weeks, then wouldn't turn on anymore. i'm very disappointed - i paid near two hundred and was unable to return it...what a complete waste!! i would have given no stars if i could have
still waiting.......after ordering it months ago, they still haven't shipped my item.  they say it's backordered and kepp pushing off the shipping dates.  went to ocean state job lots and bought the same one there for $7 and change!!!
slipped a gear.the corkscrew slipped a gear on the third bottle and it is now in the waste basket. it seized up while opening a bottle and enough pressure was applied to the handle to cause it to slip the gear. this unit operates with a smooth effort. if it seems to require additional force it is probably better to back off on the handle rather than pushing on it.
good for a while....but.....i thought i had gone to wine bottle opening heaven using this gadget.  it opened bottles with very little effort for several months.  but then it slipped the gear and is completely unusable.  this time i'm going to pay a little extra to get quality and a warranty
it cracked after using it for 2 wks !!!!.this cutting board was ok only for 2 wks. one day i found a huge crack across the board. i never dropped or did anything to make that huge crack. this one is simply not worth the money. i will never buy this brand again. paying $50 for a cutting board that only last 2 wks? it was a huge mistake!!
beautiful but not long lasting.i bought this cutting board i thought by a great price. the first one that arrived had a crack, i returned and asked for a new one. very promptly amazon sent a replacement without any crack. i was very happy for about one month until one day when i'm taking the board to use it, i see several cracks in the bamboo... careful about this product, you can be wasting your money
very unhappy with buying from amazon partners.i ordered this as a christmas present in the beginning of december. of course, when i ordered it, it showed as "in stock." well, needless to say, since it was an amazon partner, it wasn't really in stock. so, here i am in mid february, the stupid cutting board just shipped, and amazon just added a recommended item to my store - the same damned cutting board for half the price i paid! and it was already supposed to be half price! needless to say, after this and other bad experiences with amazon partners, i won't be ordering from a partner again. my suggestion: only order from amazon directly; never trust the partners
not what it used to be.coffee did not perk very good and coffee grounds in the coffee
good coffee, not so good product.the coffee tasted much better in these, but:.1. after two cleans, the top mica knob (i think it mica instead of glass) cannot screw back in any more.  .2. you have to dry inside the pot with paper towels or it will rust. i left my to dry by itself and rust start to show inside the pot...so after two used, i have to throw this out because of the rust and the bad knob
bakers secret pans.i have several different bakers secret pan and i cleam them in the dish washer.the disher washer must has takes the non-stick coating off them and they are all rusting now
knife is great  but amazon scams.i was in the market for a santoku knife. was in the process of ordering from another company when i found the calphalon one on amazon. wow! only $39.95, 40% off retail, must be a deal so i ordered that and another $100 worth of stuff. imagine my shock when a couple of weeks later when i visited caphalon's web site and i see the same knife with a retail price of....$39.95!! instead of a deal i paid retail! 40% off would have been $26. i emailed amazon about this and all i got back was a canned email about how they try to get the best deals. lesson learned, don't believe amazon's prices. i've been an amazon customer for years, too bad they can't be trusted
might want to stick with metal.the sled that comes with this muffin pan does solve the problem of the flexibility of silicone pans nicely--without it, you have to use a cookie sheet--something has to keep the flexible pan from spilling its contents as you try to get it into the oven...i think perhaps that silicone bakeware is a technology that has promise but needs improvement.  the pan is not really very non-stick.  it must be sprayed with quite a lot of nonstick spray for easy release; otherwise, the contents will be edible, but mangled.  perhaps it's my sample, but while cooking, the pan itself emits an odor of scorched plastic that i find unpleasant. because of the sled, it takes up more storage space than i think a muffin pan warrants...it's interesting as a novelty, but i really see no advantage over a good nonstick metal pan, and several disadvantages.  i love the silicone baking sheets, but this material is not like that, and i think i will not be buying any more silicone pans. in fact, i think i'll toss this one.
poorly-designed carafe and lid.this is my third time replacing this carafe because the nibs that hold the "flapper" in place on the lid become brittle over time and break off.  this is the last time!  if the new design of their coffee maker is not better, i'm changing to another brand of coffee maker next time
carafe needs improvement.we have had the cuisinart grind and brew coffee maker for many years. however, the carafe has been replaced 4 times. either the nibs that hold the lid on break off or the plastic handle itself breaks and/or comes apart. after 1 or 2 times, this gets frustrating -- it seems to be a systemic problem with the carafe design. but, what do you do if you aren't willing to yet abandon the coffee maker and get another model?  you're stuck buying multiple carafe replacements over time
problem carafe.the handle is not sturdy and has broken twice. replacement carafe is $18 with shipping charges of $7.50. seems excessive for a $69 coffee maker
not so hot.while we love our cuisinart grind  brew coffee maker we are disappointed in the "flimsy" plastic top.  the pins have broken on 2 carafes and it becomes dificult for the coffee maker to brew "into" the carafe.  in talking with others who have the cuisinart grind  brew we have found this to be a common problem.  we are staying with the cuisinart grind  brew line,  but we are placing our order for the "new" stainless model
the head is cracked and falls off.i thought that lodge would manufacture the perfect cleaning utensil for their cast iron pots and pans.  i was wrong!  it's a cheap wood brush that swells up and cracks.  plus it is designed so poorly, the head keeps falling off of the handle.  yes, definetly buy a brush for your cast iron, it will do the best job.  but buy a generic one at the supermarket or walmart for a lot less money, plus it won't fall apart
can't even believe it myself....i have owned 3 of these brushes in the past month. i wash all wood  by hand, dry immediately and never allow the wood to sit in water. still, the wood is a cheap brittle wood which soaks up water, expands and contracts and cracks--then the bristles fall out. one came cracked and the other two cracked after just a few uses. i went back to using my rubbermaid brush designed similarly but with a plastic handle. i have owned other rubbermaid brushes which have lasted 10 years so far. i have contacted the lodge company about this brush. lodge is a great company with excellent products. this product could lead some to a negative impression if they are not familiar with the usual outstanding quality of lodge.  i'm just surprised--almost stunned by how awful this  brush is!
easily removable cover? not!.the description on the web site states that these cushions have an "easily removable" washable cotton-poly cover. very misleading! they are simply squares of cotton-poly fabric sewn together and stufffed with polyester batting-no separate cushion, no removable cover.  anyone with a sewing machine could make a pillow like these for $3.00 each! don't waste your money
the designer had to be a giant!!!.these tools are huge!! no really i'm not exaggerating, they are very big! and they fall out of every pan i have except for the big ol' stock pots or dutch ovens, but who's gonna use non-stick in those anyway.. i guess if you are a teflon- a -holic, and you even buy those non-stick..other than them being huge they are okay, they are heat resistant.i kept them because i basically got'em for free! i store them in the drawer they are not really used. they are not for me, my husband reaches for them more than me.. too awkward and clunky. 2 star
great but not right size.this is exactly what i was in need of. i constantly forget things such as "where are my glasses" and need an alarm system..perfect in all respects except that i can not set it or read it without my glasses. i wanted big digital numbers and buttons. i went by the size shown on the specs which is incorrect (6.80 inches x 4.50 inches x 1.10 inches). amazon may what to correct that information to the actual size which is about half the size indicated.
nonstick surface comes off - don't waste your money!.you would think that for nearly $100, this pan would be indescructable - not so! we've had this pan for under 2 years, and first the surface lost its non-stick characteristics. then, it started to peel off - first on the outside top edges of the pan. we never used harsh cleaning products or rough sponges, yet the surface just came off! and don't think you can just contact all-clad for a replacement under warranty - i've tried to get in touch with them twice and they've never responded back to me. save your money and buy a cheaper pan - even if you have to buy a new one every year, you'll still make out in the end.
doesn't actually attach to machine!.the imperia noodle machine is a great pasta machine.  i just received it a couple weeks ago and have already made 4 batches of pasta that have been thoroughly enjoyed in my household.  the angel hair attachment is quality and cuts perfectly fine noodles.  ..my big complaint is that this angel hair attachment doesn't actually attach to the machine correctly!  at least mine doesn't.  it has convex hooks just like the machine does, when it should have concave ones to properly connect (like the spaghetti/linguine attachment that comes with it).  so i end up having to find a way to secure it somewhere while running delicate dough through and turning the crank.  it's needlessly frustrating and awkward.  maybe i just got a fluke one, but fair warning.
not too good.i have been on a quest to find the perfect spatula and i thought this would be it.  the first couple usages were great, but then they started to get really stained and no matter how hard i scraped and scrubbed, i couldn't get the bits of food off them.  in theory, it's a great idea but actually using them is not.  i cook every day and need a sturdy utensil.  this was not it.  i am still looking for the perfect spatula !
not what described.this item is not nearly as soft as some i'd seen in the store.  it is also a yellowish white.  definately not a white which is what i was looking for
newer is not always better..we purchased this as a replacement for our other vellux blanket that we had for over 10 years. at 10 years of age, despite many machine washings over the years,it still looked new other than it started chunking off in little pieces from the backing towards the bottom. i noticed when our new order arrived that the new martex vellus blanket was not as thick as the previous blanket nor was it as soft against your skin. i was disappointed at the quality or lack of. i doubt very seriously that we will get much use out of this one. i would have reboxed it and sent it back but figured for the $26.99 that we paid...it would have been more trouble sending back and processing a refund than the blanket or my time was worth. sorry to be negative, but i expected better quality
very disappointed.i was very disappointed the shrimp 8utler was not effect for my purpose.  i bought the item to peel hundreds of shrimps i need for different events  found that it is quicker to peel the shrimps by hand.  ..what is even more disappointing is that when i found out there is a re-stocking charge  have to pay shipping again to return the shrimp butler, i might as well keep the product  hope to find someone i know that i can give the shrimp butler to.
poor packaging.this item was not packaged well at all and it arrived broken.  it was supposed to be a gift so i didn't have time to wait for amazon to send a new one.  i had to buy something else and amazon refused to give me a refund, but only gave me credit.  i really like the glasses themselves, but i would be careful purchasing glassware from amazon if you have time limitations
disappointed and dry as a bone.i got this humifier thinking i would be able to get away with filling it every other day. i keep it in my bedroom which is really really small (i'm in nyc, we're talking small) and even when running it at full throttle the humidistat never got up past 35 other than when i showered with the bathroom door open. i was still refilling it about every 22 hrs and yet still wake up every day thinking someone has been stuffing my head with steel wool, although that was an improvement from the when i didn't have a humidifier and thought someone was pouring crazy glue into my sinuses every night!..filling the tank is a pain, doesn't fit in a sink so have to lean into the tub and hope i don't topple forward and smash my head against the soap dish. also, the cap is so secure that i end up hurting my knuckles every single time i open it (and i swear, i'm not a wimp)...i thought about returning it within the first week but there aren't too many alternatives i would even consider and i figured i shouldn't expect a humidifier to be total perfection. so, i kept it and no sooner had i thrown out the box then i ran into my next problem.....the filter. i was actually surprised that it lasted as long as it did (almost 3 weeks) but could have been cuz i used my vapor steam cleaner on it once a week. so, now that the filter is history i've hit my tolerance level for being annoyed; been to a handful of different pharmacies and hardware stores and can't find a replacement! sure, i can order a bunch of them online and be set thru the winter but i think if i'm gonna invest big bucks in filters, that i might just try to design my own "perma-wick" (like the hunter care free type) and see how it goes from there.
good looks, lousy performance.this garlic press looks good on paper.  with its interchangeable plates, you can adjust the size of the pressed garlic - a great idea.  but this contraption is so big and cumbersome, it's a mess to use.  not to mention the fact that it's just too easy to pinch your fingers between the handles as you press down - foolish design.  so while this sure looks good sitting in the drawer, it's not a practical kitchen tool, and i'd suggest sticking to oxo or zyliss or another tried-and-true design
sharpener review.the product is not what i would expect from henkels.  it is rough to use and not a good sharpener at all.  i would have expected a honed and exact instument, but i got crap
awful.this couldn't even handle chopping a 1/4 of an onion that had already been roughly chopped.  ..i have a mini processor attachment for my blender, and while it doesn't hold much, it's way more powerful.  this is sitting in a box in the basement, where it's been for 2 years... and where it'll stay
pretty, but flimsy.this glass looks pretty, but the upper edges are extremely thin and prone to easily crack. i ordered a set of 4 and they all came broken. upon re-shipment with better packaging, the glasses were intact. still, they are thin and may easily crack
problem with porcelain.i bought the dutch oven for my grandmother she is 80 years old for her birthday.  she loved it she made every thing in it. but after six months the porcelain on the bottom poped off in a chip when she was cooking something. she did every thing right with it. i am now looking for a new brand to try. the price on it is great so i wonder if it pays to spend the extra money
cuisinart genuine replacement food processor blade  disc holder # bdh-2.the product description and item's picture are very misleading.  it appears that you are buying replacement blades (clearly shown in the item's picture) and the blade holder, when in fact it is just the blade holder. ..we were only really interested in the replacement baldes and thought were were getting the holder as an add on
weird smell, weird taste.as some other reviewers have mentioned, the sheet leaves a chemically taste and smell in your baked products -- it's nothing awful, but noticeable, and, to me, bothersome.  i thought it would fade, but after a few attempts i figured my "wear-in" efforts weren't worth all the cookies  ending up in the trash.  the surface of this baking sheet was easy to wipe clean.  however, the grease from the food eventually started soaking into the sheet and leaving circles of grease which i just could not wash out.  at the end of the day, i don't think this is any more convenient or better than using parchment.  this product is overrated.
nice iron spoilt by the power cord.we ordered this iron to replace an exactly similar iron that we have owned for several years and have been very pleased with. this new iron, which looked as if it had already been used, has a power cord that is an inch thick. this makes it very difficult to use and we too, are going to return it. caveat emptor (buyer beware)
easily the worst can opener i've ever owned.you're definitely paying extra for the cuisinart name, and i'm suprised they'd put it on something so poorly designed.  i was expecting more given their reputation.  it's plastic, light, and not very stable.  it's very difficult to get the can to mesh with the cutter blade ... it usually takes me three tries.  the cutter arm is held on with a tiny t-shaped piece of plastic that splits easily (ask me how i know).  and to top it all off, it yanks the top up and splashes food around when it's done.  don't bother ... i wish i hadn't.  i feel like i've been taken
have to clean the counter after opening anything!.this is a quot;splatter monsterquot;. after smoothly puncturing the can, it continues to cut smoothly, but at the final cut where it severs the can top, watch out. you'll hear a big snap, and any liquid in any can will splatter all over, and i do mean all over. p.o.c. stay away from this one
just a bad, 'wobbly' knife.very, very disappointed. the blade is too thin, so the knife is not balanced at all. be careful, you can hurt your self pretty badly..i am experienced with cooking and normally i do not write reviews or opinions, but here i just had to speak out!!.probably the manufacturer believes that the buyers won't bother themselves for 8 bucks to return it
you get what you pay for.for the price, this is not a bad knife, as it feels good in the hand, is a nice weight, and chops well.  however, it is not as durable as i would expect from kitchen-aid.  the knife will rust if it is left in water for more than an hour or so, and after a month of use, the edge of the blade was showing knicks in it.  i e-mailed kitchen-aid to complain and was never contacted by them
not satisfied !!!.i bought this machine july 2005, for six months it worked fine, then it started to take along time to heat up--then the cast housing that is also the heating element, cracked!!!  i am having a very hard time finding who is supposed to replace this machine or even the part, because it should still be under warranty. they don't make it easy to find out any kind of tech,support or warranty aspects for this machine---beware----find out these things before you buy a product of this sort!!
can't really recommend this machine.this model has been well received by others but i can't recommend it to you. i had a krups novo espresso for 15 years, which was a great machine, and made fantastic espresso quickly with no fuss. the carezza 35004 is just a pain in the neck and does not make good espresso. it needs to be "primed," which takes heat-up time and a whole process, just to get the machine ready to make coffee. with my machine, not only did the pump not work predictably, but the espresso, when it did brew, was bitter and watery. i've been making espresso for 15 years and know what it takes -- this machine simply does not make good espresso. perhaps the more expensive carezza machines work properly, but this one is a dud. in addition to an annoying startup process and watery coffee, the machine is also hard to clean once a cup has been made; the coffee grounds are so wet, instead of coming out in the filter basked for disposal, they adhere to the "shower screen" and drip like tar onto everything when you try to manually clean it. all in all, a mess, and one additional annoyance you don't need in the morning. i read that the newer krups' were not as good as the old ones, so i can't recommend those from personal experience. but maybe $199 is too little for a decent espresso machine; you might have to pay more for a reasonable experience.
a waste of money . . ..we purchased this appliance when our 15-year-old black  decker toaster-oven finally gave out.  ..one thing i miss from our former toaster-oven is a lever similar to one on a toaster that can be pushed down to make toast.  every toaster-oven we found now has a radial dial timer.  ..the controls on the oster are confusing and difficult to operate.  in the first month, i burned more toast and bagels than i ever did with our former oven.  the radial timer is too inaccurate to pop a slice of bread in and let it toast.  you have to stand and wait to make sure the smoke alarm doesn't go off.  also, the warmup time is very long and it takes a long time to toast anything...the oven doesn't heat evenly.  items in the back of the oven cook faster than in the front.  you have to rotate things half way through to make sure they are thoroughly cooked.  ..finally, this is a big oven.  it takes up a lot of space on your counter--something we don't have...after months of burnt food and frustration, this one got dropped off at the salvation army thrift store.  we replaced it with a ge toaster
not good.i've had this toaster for awhile. i did not like that i had to turn three knobs to make a simple toast. as others have mentioned, you have to turn the timer to 10 mins to get the oven hot enough, but in 10 mins your toast will burn, so you have to stop it in 3-5 mins. so what happened to me? i waited and stopped it at 4 min and it was not good enough and turned it back to 10 mins. i went to see what my toddler was doing and sure enough the smoke alarm went off. i had a fire in my toaster and smoke everywhere!! it was a horrible experience. granted that it was my fault for letting the toast go for 10 mins, but if it did its job as a real toaster, i would not have almost burned my kitchen down..aesthetically, its nice looking and the crumb tray is the best thing about it. i am now in the market for a toaster oven, hoping to find one with a crumb/catch tray
disappointing.not a great toaster.  really a semiautomatic.  needs attention to avoid burning the toast.  not a great oven either.  i was surprised to find that the convection feature i have on another one was missing
just awful, awful, awful.i've had one of these in my kitchen for a couple of months now, and am absolutely convinced it is the worst-designed appliance i have ever owned. the only redeeming quality of this beast is it's large capacity and broiler tray...first, the controls stink. having to adjust three different knobs to make toast is ludicrous. no, i'm not making this up. to make toast, you have to put the temperature knob on high, turn the middle knob (i don't know what it's called) to toast, and set the timer for some random amount of time that may or may not actually result in toasted bread. 10 minutes seems to be necessary to get the timer knob to "catch", but this is far too long. why not just a toast button that automatically makes toast?..second, it takes _forever_ to heat up enough to toast! toast should take no more than two minutes, three at the outside, but this thing takes an eternity to heat up...third, most of the time i end up burning the toast because i've turned the timer knob too far and then left. i'm rewarded for my efforts with carbonized bread products. it seems that once it does finally get warm, it switches to "burn" mode...finally, if you _are_ watching the toast carefully, and take it out before it burns, you'll find it's difficult to turn the darn thing off again. yes, you guessed it, more knob turning. my wife has a bad habit of turning the knob too far toward off, which has the amusing property of looping around to the _end_ of the timer range, which is "keep on". indefinitely. forever. or at least until you smell something burning...all in all, a miserable piece of equipment. writing this review has convinced me this thing is going to the dump tomorrow
doesn't even toast well!.i bought this this toaster oven a few weeks ago and am very disappointed.  it is impossible to even get a decent piece of toast out this thing.  you put in one or two slices of bread (never mind six!) and the bread comes out untoasted in spots and nearly black in other spots.  just heating something up requires you to constantly turn the food to keep it from burning.  ..also, the door will not close completely.  i'm buying another brand (because this one is useless!).  i've learned my lesson, though, this time i will carefully read the reviews
quality deteriorates very quickly.we bought this machine and initially loved the espresso it produced. less than 10 uses later it started producing a watery brew that is completely unrecognizable as espresso. ..plus, water started to stagnate in the coffee holder attachment, making a mess every time we tried to remove it. hamilton beach customer service did not respond to email and could not be reached on the phone. ..do not buy this product if you intend to make more than 8 good lattes with it
it's a big risk to buy this machine.i will have to say i absolutely loved this machine when i first purchased it; i even purchased one for other family members. it was so easy to use and made pretty good lattes. .four months and 2 days later, the machine is broken - what a waste of money. now i have to deal with the manufacturer, the warranty (1yr), and no machine...
this westpoint towel is in bad quality!.the towel looks nice and feels thick, but it is not thirsty at all! after doubting there material, i found the towel has been pilling after washes. 100% cotton won't pill unless the material is cotton/polyster blend! i called martex customer service and tell them my thought. they said they need the towel to investigate. they will send me the replacement only if i pay the shipping and send the towel back. i did, and they didn't until i called them several times. the replacement towel still pills.... hopeless! see the picture and judge it yourself
bleeds and naps terribly;  double washings required!.these towels, although wonderfully large in size as promised, are nonetheless terrible!  they required two separate washings just to remove the excessive dye as well as control the pieces of towel nap that flicked off and onto your body and floor before initial use...now my large towels are more threadbare since the repeated washings but at least are releasing as much lint, making them somewhat useable.  but the thickness is gone...i'll never but this brand of towels again.  i regret buying them for not only myself, but as a gift for my sister
not so satisfied.this towel looks very good, and it feels very nice too. but it does not absorb the water very well, as someone else mentioned before.
tried 3 different ones............all junk.1st two i thought might be defective, but when the third one does the exact same thing, well you know its just poor workmanship.  if you look at the coils in side only one side of all 4 slices gets hot, toast is very uneven and only toasts one side
defective..after eagerly awating this toaster, i opened it up, pushed down the toast levers to test it, and found it was defective...there are four toast slots, thus eight sides which have heating elements.  of these eight sides, only two of the sides heated up completely and turned orange.  two other sides barely heated up, and the rest didn't heat up at all...i called the delonghi service center and described the problem.  they said the toaster was defective and had to be returned...apparently delonghi doesn't test these things before they ship them
horrible towels no matter how cheap.these towels are are pathetic - they arrived with a damp, moldy smell, then i washed them and although the smell was mostly gone, they came out frayed and practically transparent. i'm not sure how a towel can be not absorbent, but they're not! saving the money is not worth it -- unless you're looking for guest towels for guests you want to get rid of
pure komachi 4-piece knife set.when i first got these knives i thought they were great, for about 2 weeks. after that they became so dull that i rarely use them any longer. it was a very disappointing purchase. i expected them to be much better. i've seen them advertized as staying sharp forever and never having to be sharpened. in fact you are not supposed to sharpen them because of the non-stick surface on the knives. these "sharp forever" claims are simply not true if you use them on a daily basis, like you would use any other good kitchen knife. we cook in our house every day and having good kitchen knives is essential. what a let down!! they are certainly not worth the money we paid for them
terrible leaking problem  terrible customer service.i have always bought mr. coffee  have always had problems.  this is no different.  after a while it leaks out the bottom.  this is our 3rd one this one is as bad as the other two.  customer service was no help at all.  borderline rude  pretty much call us liars.  i will be throwing out this maker  telling friends  family not to buy mr. coffee.  i'm going to try another brand and i don't know why it took me this long to see a substandard product and stop buying from them
don't touch.yeah, the bowls are pretty, but as fragile as an egg shell. my 8-inch diameter bowl was just broken and these piece-of-crap bowls are too expensive to replace. good frickin luck with them
non-stick peels off.although this pan was always hand washed, the coating starting peeling off within a couple of uses.  expensive for the size especially when the quality is poor
began flaking almost immediately.i've had this product for about two months, and despite being hand-washed the coating has already begun flaking off
they call this stainless?!?!?!.this is a pathetic attemp at stainless steel!! each and every knife has large rust spots on it. i have to now spend my money to send it back to henckels to get them replaced,,,then keep my fingers crossed that its dosn't happen again. odd it's only the the knives, another reviewer had the same problem.
this is stainless????.the flatware has a very nice look and weight to it.  everyone compliments us on our silverware until they see the knives.  every knife in the set began to rust so we sent them back to henckels for replacements (we had to pay the shipping).  now the replacements are beginning to rust as well.  for this reason i wouldn't recommend this set to my friends
do not buy this!!.just as everyone else below mentioned amazon ripped us off!  today i had 3 giant boxes on my door step only to find that two of the boxes contained one single plate each and the other box had two bowls and two small plates.  that is pretty expensive for the $100+ i spent for 2 plates, 2 bowls, 2 salad plates.  trying to resolve the problem.  first time i have been taken by amazon, i thought they were above this..
limited functionality.this module does perform as advertised, however i have a huge complaint in the fact that there is no way to manually switch it to the warm mode once you feel that your food is done. this would be very handy at times
not as good as it sounds!.i found this retro-fit part at target on clearance. thought it'd be ideal for those times when i would be gone longer than the recipe cooking time.  retrofitting an older style crock pot sounded like a great idea. i was disappointed!  i used it 3-4 times and each time the food was done earlier than it should have been, even scorched.  reading the reviews on the newer crock pots that come with this programming as part of the pot this seems to be a common problem. wouldn't buy this again or recommend to anyone
canisters do not hold a seal.i agree with the other reviewer here.  we received this as a gift.  the canister seals initially but loses the seal after about 30 minutes.  we tried it about a dozen times and it did the same thing each time.  it was like this right out of the box.  we tried washing it and it didn't make a difference.  when we returned it to the store there were others there on the shelf that had obviously been opened and returned.  we bought the foodsaver brand which was more expensive but works great
home depot.go there and pick up an unglazed quarry tile for $ 1.24...yes, one dollar and 24 cents...it's exactly the same thing everyone
very poorly packed item - replacement also broken.i ordered this item for my son to be shipped 2nd day.  stone came on time.  box packed inside a larger box.  there was no packing to keep the inner box secure.  as a result the stone came in 3 pieces.  as it was a 2nd day, it was needed it was needed immediatly and could not be returned.  functional, but damaged.  packing was so poor, i would say the service is below par.  pay more, get from another supplier. .update: they sent a replacement next day.  this one had not outer box for packing.  hello????  came in 5 pieces.  shipping must be brain dead
misleading  don't buy.this holds 3 cups not 11 cups and is orange not yellow.
i wished i read the reviews first..it doesn't hold 11-cups as stated. amazon really needs to update their item listings. it's about the size of a medium bowl
way smaller than it looks.i ordered this baker for my mother because she is remodeling her kitchen and yellow is her primary color. the decription says 11 cup capacity but there is no way this is true. it holds just over 2 ups of liquid. yeah, two cups, not eleven. big difference. i tried to return it and was told that there would be a $5 re-stocking fee!! i couldn't beleive this since the description is a total lie! i decided to keep it and turned it into a candle. needless to say, i was very disappointed with the overall experience
damaged shipment.the first shipment arrived with a broken piece.  when this was reported to amazon.com, a new order was placed immediately.  i was impressed with the free shipping on the replacement order as well as the free shipping on the return of the damaged shipment.  the second shipment arrived quickly and was intact
broken.showed up broken, so that was a waste of time. packers should have put more padding in the box, but amazon was good about the return
absolute junk.i bought these knives based on 2 good reviews, and the henckels name.  that was a huge mistake. the handles are sturdy and a nice quality, but the blades are thin and flimsy. i could buy a better quality knife in the housewares aisle of the local safeway..  mine started rusting after the first wash. i have owned them for about ten days, and all the knives have rust spots on the blades now. the box said they were dishwasher safe. not
ouch.agreed. i am about to pull them out of the dryer and they feel like cardboard. i have a feeling they are going in the trash.
split after a couple of washes.as the previous reviewer described, this turner starts to split after only a few washes. i would avoid this product, unless you want a disposable turner
no leak and no heat.the mug doesn't leak; that's good, but the liquid cools quickly, too quickley.  drink fast!
i'd give fewer stars if i could.this thing is junk.  not hot enough.  i think a little kid could drink my coffee, that's how cold it gets.  needs more power!!
coffee warmer is right.this one does exactly what the name implies...its keeps coffee warm, and only marginally warm at that. this is about the 5th warmer i've bought and, by far, the worst one i've ever had.  coffee needs to be hot - not luke warm...save your $10 and use it to buy a real cup warmer.  and spend the extra dollars to get one with auto shut-off
not enough information.my cup warmer was confiscated by security this morning because it had quot;for household use onlyquot; stamped on the back, which they say constitutes a safety (fire) hazard here at work. i got it back, but i cannot use it at work. there's no way to know if this advertized cup warmer will pass inspection here at my place of employment (since i cannot view the user guide online)
cleans well but built on the cheap.i cannot express my disappointment with this unit and with hoover.  ..first, the good points:..1) the steamvac v2 cleans extremely well.  it is a very powerful unit with a wide cleaning path and the trademark scrubbing brushes.  hoover made took a good idea from the original steamvac and improved on it by adding an extra bush...2) the extra long cord allows for entire room and even multi-room cleaning without having to move a plug around.  the handheld tools perform adequetely...3) the unit is loaded with power -- so much so that the lights in one room actually flickered when i turned on the steamvac v2...now, the problems:..1) the wet tanks are made of very cheap plastic.  they feel flimsy to the touch and can be hard to snap into place on the handle...2) the rubber washers in the wet tanks can and do fall out on occasion -- resulting in either the dirty water or the clean water splashing all over the unit and the rug.   this is how my unit was put out of commission.  one of the washers is held into place by a spring.  the spring snapped -- which broke a rubber nozzle -- which meant the unit could no longer hold clean water.  attempts to get a replacement nozzle failed.  ..3) even when the tanks were inserted properly, they still leaked onto the unit...4) the smaller cleaning solution tank is entirely inadequate for the job...overall, it was enough of a disappointment that i didn't even want to get the unit repaired at a hoover factory repair center...when it worked, it worked great -- freshly cleaned carpets practically shined.  unfortunately, the engineering and design of this unit suffered
not hoover's finest moment.when i am shopping for new things, i frequently check out the reviews here at amazon.com, and i thought i would leave one to hopefully help someone else...my first hoover steam cleaner was the steamvac delux.  i have 3 dogs and 6 cats.....between all of them, accidents are no stranger in our house.  my steamvac delux was a real trooper...it survived 5 years of hard work before it had finally had enough...to replace the steamvac delux, i purchased the steamvac v2 in june.  it performed wonderfully for about 3-4 months, then i noticed that the rotating brushes were no longer rotating.  i took it to a local repair center to be fixed and then we were back in business.  ..about 3 weeks later it started to have a steady stream of water running off of the pedal in the back that releases the machine from the upright position.  it made such a mess...things were clean in front of the machine, but i constantly had a puddle behind the machine that i had to clean up after the clean water bucket was empty.  the external toggle fell off of the power switch, too.  i dealth with it for as long as i could before taking it back to the repair shop two weeks ago.  the repair shop called last week to tell me that #1, "hoover really missed the mark with this unit."  they proceeded to tell me that they have seen a large number of these units through their shop, all with generally the same problems.  because of that, places like wal-mart and k-mart are replacing the units without question!  #2, they told me that the "motor is shot" and that the "bearings are all dried out.  it cannot be repaired to be any more functional than it is now."..given the champion performance of my first steamvac delux, i have been soooooo disappointed with the steamvac v2.  it does  not come close to living up to the hoover name or reputation
pretty disappointed.i bought this steam vac right after it came out- paid over $300 for it. it worked great for for about 4 months, then the brushes would only work occasionally. i live in a rural community, and don't have a hoover repair center nearby, and it would have cost me a fortune to return it to the company, so i dealt with the problem. now, the brushes don't work at all, and the upper tank is so cheaply made, it broke only falling a matter of a few inches (empty). i know hoover is a top quality company, but this model didn't stick around long before it was replaced by a better version, so i think hoover knew there were problems
piece of junk.i bought the v2 about 2 years ago.  it seemed to work well at first and got most of the stains out of my very dirty apartment carpet.  i also have pets and it got out most of the "markings" as long as i used special pet cleaner in the tank.  however, after only a few months, the motor started smoking and the whole thing completely burnt out.  i got it fixed under the 1 year warranty.  then, as soon as the warranty ran out, everything broke again.  the valves on the tank broke so it leaked all the time, the water basin cracked, the basin handle broke off, and the motor would smoke from time to time.  it seemed like it stopped cleaning so well and wouldn't get stains out at this point.  also, this thing uses a ton of water and it does not heat the water.  i don't know why they call it a "steam" vac....that is a big scam if you ask me.  so anyway, i threw this piece of crap in the dumpster a few months ago.  i'm looking into getting a bissell pro heat.  i've heard good things about them
why call it a "steamvac" when it doesn't heat the water.just take note of the fact that you need to put in "hot tap water" to get any steam out of this thing.
it ripped only after one week of use.i was so looking forward to helping my employees avoid burns on their arms as they pulled out the cookie backing racks from our oven. i have a gourmet cookie factory in argentina and i had tried many different mitts for my employees. this one looked to be my salvation since at first it worked great by covering the arms as they wheeled out the cookie racks from the oven. the mitt ripped open at the base of the thumb rendering it useless. the rack does not have any sharp edges so now i am back to looking for other mitts
junk! buyer beware...these are all show and no go!!! the butter knife in flatware set cuts a steak easier then these. even the 29.99 price is high cause these could be had in a dept store for cheaper.
won't work on a turkey.tried these this thanksgiving, even took it easy on them the  first time using a 8.5 lb lil butterball bird. by the time cooking was done none of the loops were left trussed, most broke under stress and/or heat. will be taking back for a refund
great idea whose time has not yet come.i use silicone a lot -- thought this was the ideal replacement to twine (or dental floss). i'll stick with the floss. if you are using the loops on a piece of meat with any kind of fat -- pork loin or other, the grip is not there. wound up using them to tie a not -- then when i washed them after use, one broke in half. keep working on it...
nonstick at first, then degrades.i've had this pan for about 5 years. the first batches worked great and i bought pans for everybody, but slowly more and more bits stuck to the pan. i'm using the same cake recipe, so i can only conclude it's the pan that's changing...i called the company, and they only offer a 5 year warranty on it (other reviews say there's a 20-year warranty, but customer service said there was a 5-year warranty), and insists that you have the original receipt for any returns. (am i the only person in the world who doesn't keep receipts for each $30 purchase?)..i found the comments from the company customer service person inconsistent, uninformed, and sometimes rude. she said, "you have to grease the pan. the nonstick is only for easy clean up." but, the nordicware website says "the nonstick interior ensures easy release and cleanup." (see the shared image of my greased pan -- the cleanup is not at all easy.)  so i asked her what kind of fat to use, and she said "butter will work fine." and i told her i did use butter on this batch, and then she said, "well, then you have to use pam or baker's joy." she also said that i would ruin the surface by putting it in the dishwasher, but we wash it by hand. i've never baked any cups empty, never broiled it, and never used any abrasive cleansers or metal utensils on it. ..basically, i think they offer a 5-year warranty on it because they know the surface won't longer than 5 years. (if i spray coating on *any* of my pans, they'll be 'nonstick'...) and rather than say that, the customer service person tells me to do x, y, or z, but then changes her story when i tell her that's what i've been doing. so, buy this pan because you like the shapes and a non-stick honeymoon, but either keep your receipt and exchange before the warranty is up, or be prepared for  increased sticking and lousy customer service
buyers beware, its only the cover..i agree with the previous reviews. the ad is misleading. the description said:.."what's in the box:.queen-sized pillow-top featherbed"..i assumed it was an actual feather bed too. now i have to find a feather bed to put inside. amazon should correct their mistake in the ad and put up a picture of the cover only.
very missleading ad.i have purchased 3 i thought its feather bed pad something as the description but its end up to be only a cover so its just not good to buy online " on amazon"because you can't really expect what you are gonna get. please becareful
misleading ad.as others have said, this is just a cover - not the feathered bed described
i was robbed.it is a sheet with a zipper. no feathers any  where.  completely mis leading. but aint worth the $10 hassle to return
purposeful misleading.the product may be fine but the description and presentation that amazon is creating is vastly wrong. it does say cover and a featherbed covers your exsisting mattress. at multiple places within this products page it describes the filling. that is not a accidental misleading or ambigious wording. it is false and a lie. i was just going to let the 10$+ go as a write off. you know "you win some you lose some" type thing. but after my first compliant they emailed me a very nice form letter apologizing for their error and making sure to tell me since it was all their fault that this occured they would pay my shipping back to return it. then i opened my goldbox offers. guess what was offered to me with the same false description? how sorry and sincere can they be of their mistake if instead of altering the description they choose to make it a featured product? i fully intended to click the "yes this answered my compliant" link and be done with it. 10$ isnt worth the hassle in most cases. but i am just so incensed that not even 24 hours after my complaint(and obviously others as these reviews show) they choose to try and take advantage of as many more people as they could. i just can not wait to see which form letter i get this time.
misleading description.i agree with the last reviewer, the description for this item makes it sound like it is a featherbed, not simply as a cover. admittedly, its name is "featherbed cover," but the description says that it has goose down fill --- which this cover certainly does not
works great at first.i love it when you first start using it. but the inside does wear off and now i wonder how safe they actually are and how much of the wearing off stuff gets in your blood stream. i dropped the one pot and it dented really bad.  next time i will use stainless steel. feel safer with that. i wont by this product again..j
break very easily.i bought 4 of these glasses and all 4 have now broken.  all of them had the inside layer of glass crack, shatter, break which is very dangerous if you are not paying attention because the glass is paper thin and i hate to think what would happen if it was consumed...it's too bad because i did love the fact that the glasses didnt sweat, and they held ice for much much longer than regular glassware...however, all 4 of mine broke one by one from the same thing:  ice pushing on the glass from the inside.  if you pour liquid into the glass first, then put your ice in second, your ice will tend to insta-freeze together.  with most glassware, this is no problem since a simple tap on the ice will break this weak bond apart.  however, since these glasses are wider on top than most of the lower 75%, a simple tap (i'm talking very light tap) is enough to exert enough outward pressure on the inner lining of the glass to crack or break it...when it breaks, its very quiet.  your only clue to that there are glass shards in your drink is that the liquid immediately fills the void between the two layers...if i could rate these zero stars i would.  don't waste your money, use a coaster
too delicate.lovely and a great concept but far too fragile to be practical.  this is an iced tea glass which implies that ice is in the drink, but unless you ever-so-cautiously place each cube into the glass, the inside lining will crack.  i've been afraid to take the last sip or two of a drink because if the ice slides to the top for that sip, it will also slide back to the bottom with unfortunate results.  bodum has replaced two of the four sets that i purchased, but i will not buy any more
dribble mug.i bought this mug based on a consumer magazine's high rating concerning how long it keeps coffee warm.  it does indeed keep.it warm, but you end up with hot coffee all over your shirt. the design looks nice, but its fine rim with single narrow o-ring is almost impossible to seat properly to avoid leaking. i'm going to get a replacement from bodum, but it looks more like a design flaw than a defective unit
bodum stainless steel vacuum travel mug.i liked the overall look and feel of the mugs, but both of the two mugs i purchased leak from where the top screws into the mug.  i contacted bodum and they had me send the mugs back for replacements.  as of this review, i have not gotten the replacement mugs, so i cannot say if the originals had defective seals or if the problem is endemic to the product
did not get.i ordered this item 5 months ago was told by amazon that i would get this item and it was avaliable and then after 5 months they tell me that they cant get it and it is still avaliable on there web site as far as im concerned amazon is not worth shopping if they cant hold there promises and say it is avaliable please take this very seriously when ordering from amazon thank
surprisingly low quality, for a bunn.i have nothing but respect for bunn, usually. we swear by their coffee makers. but it's hard for me to believe this grinder is from the same company...the dial on the front -- which regulates the amount of coffee you grind -- feels fragile and flimsy, as if it might snap off...the dial for fineness of grind is inside the coffee bean chamber... under the beans. if you want to adjust the grind once the beans are in there, you either have to empty the chamber, or feel around to turn the knob without being able to see where it's pointing...in our case that hardly mattered, because the grinder produced huge particles no matter what setting we used. i'm not talking about the coarse grind needed for french press -- rather, the pieces were about 1/8". clearly, it was defective. ..as others have mentioned, it was unusually noisy. coffee grinders tend to be loud, but this one was abnormally loud
thats too much.i find that hard to believe that bunn wants $160 for a coffee grinder and yet their coffee brewers are only about half that price. i just cant see spending that much on something that dont even make the coffee, just grinds the beans, and the coffee makers are cheaper....?????? i think buying already ground coffee will save you time and money, its cheaper than buying the whole beans
this machine is going back.i have owned two bread machines in the past and both worked excellent.  the first one was a small inexpensive machine so i bought an oster 3 or 4 years ago.  it worked great but i finally destroyed 2 paddles and eventually the pan.  i just bought an oster 5838 and for the past week and many attempts, i am taking it back to kohls.  my old recipes don't work, the ones that came with the machine don't work. i have tried new and different brands of bread machine flour and yeast and no luck. i tried adjusting my recipes their recipes and the only ones eating fresh homemade bread are the birds and the squirles in my backyard.
a total disappointment.i had another oster breadbaker before this one, and i just loved it. i don't recall that i ever had a failure with it. after i started having trouble with the belt breaking in the old one, i decided to go with another oster, and i have been totally disappointed with it. the flour doesn't mix in from the corners of the pans. the crust has been so hard you can break a tooth on it. and sometimes the bread rises and sometimes it doesn't. it seems to me that either the recipes are faulty--in which case the oster test kitchens need to get back to work--or the machine is poorly designed. i sent an e-mail message to sunbeam customer service about ten days ago, and even though they replied that i'd hear again from them within 48 hours, i haven't heard a peep. i cannot in good conscience recommend either this bread machine or the company that makes it
not impressed, sorry!.i've worked at a coffee shop part-time for 8 years, so i feel i'm pretty experienced with many types of espresso machines.  there are many machines i like, but this one has so many flaws...most machines have a way to regulate your espresso shots by pressing a specific button just for pulling shots.  when you want steam, you turn a knob, or use a different button.  you can usually make at least a couple drinks without having to refill the boiler.  ..this one has no button to specifically pull espresso shots.  (except the 'power' button, which seems odd to me.)    basically all the water you put in comes rushing out with no way to regulate, other than being precise with the amount you pour into it in the first place.  i wasn't able to get the thing to steam milk.  (perhaps mine was defective, but i don't think so.)  the wand is really short and has very limited movement or space to put a medium sized mug.  so if you want a big drink, you're out of luck.  you also have to refill the boiler if you want to make more than 1 drink.  so this isn't the greatest for having friends over for espresso drinks, well, unless they like waiting a long time...the instructions are a bit confusing.  they have 2 different sets integrated into one manual, one for if your machine has a 'vario system' and for without the 'vario system'.  my machine did not have this feature, so maybe it makes a difference.  perhaps those machines with that system work better?  it apparently affects how dark or light your shots come out, so that may help regulate the shots and steam?..i know you 'get what you pay for' and i didn't pay much for this machine, but there are certainly other machines within the same price range that work much better
poor quality machine.only half to two-thirds of water went through after the second time of use. not reccomented
good while it lasts -- but that's not long.definitely good for your money as far as what it achieves, but for how long it does that you are better off spending more on a more reputable brand. after exactly a year (how convenient for delonghi, warranty-wise), it started heating the water so only half to two-thirds went through, then the rest would go after a 10-minute delay. three months later, today, it is not heating any water whatsoever. time to go shopping for a new one. it definitely won't be delonghi. i was happy with the machine before, as it made good, timely espresso with a wonderfully easy froth. now, i realize if i had just spent double, i could have had a better machine that lasted 5 years. my last $70 krups lasted that long. [note: i use my espresso machine daily.
just okay.i like this ok, but the steam wand doesn't really froth the milk very well. sometimes it does, others it doesn't. then i have to heat the steamed milk in the microwave because it is still cold. i guess i'm not having much luck with it. but after all the extra work my lattes taste good! overall i guess it doesn't work the best
revere whistling tea kettle.an oldie but goodie, this tea kettle is great for any type of stove.  easy to clean and maintain, it coordinates well with many of today's stainless kitchen appliances.  the whistle is a great reminder it's time for tea
not wonderful for red wine.i bought these because they are advertised as "vino grande red wine glasses."  i bought a similar-titled item 2-3 years ago but they had a different and more red-wine-friendly shape. actually, they are more suited for white wine or a desert wine.  red wine likes a large bowl with a thin lip.  the glass is high end (spiegelau is wonderful) but the bowl is not large.   if you prefer a barolo or cabernet type wine, you would be advised to purchase the "burgundy" or "bordeaux" glass which is better suited for most red wines
superb coffee while it lasted.same experience as many others.  lasted a couple of months and now makes weak luke warm coffee.  my wife and i both really liked the coffee and its small footprint, but it has let us down
honeymoon is over.after just 4 months of minimal use (monday mornings only), our attractive hamilton beach 12 cup suddenly quit.  i should have listened.  it produces only weak, warm clear coffee as of yesterday. .irreconcilable differences. the required $9.95 shipping to return to the manufacturer is an insult.  good bye hamilton beac
great coffee...until it stopped working after about 25 pots.before i purchased this coffee pot about a year ago, i read reviews by others who said 'good coffee but lasted only a few months.'  i thought to myself...'oh, those people must have been the unlucky few who got bad units...or they emersed the pot and ruined it.'  i should have listened to their 'don't buy' pleas, and hope others will listen to my message of warning.  ..i loved this coffee pot.  rich, strong, hot coffee, and great classic looks.  my only complaint was that compared to other percolators i've used, this one is noisy.  it makes a loud popping sound while brewing.  i never emersed the unit, and was always very careful to avoid letting any water get near the base of the unit when washing it...i bought this pot a year ago, and used it about twice a month.  yesterday morning, i attempted to make coffee but got only the same 'beige water' that others have reported.  tried again today thinking maybe it was just a fluke, and got a second pot of luke warm 'beige water.'..i suspect that others who posted initially positive feedback about this pot have had the same experience, but just haven't returned to update their reviews.  in any case, i would strongly caution against the purchase of this pot.  it's just not durable
better buy the extended warranty plan.this made the best coffee...for about two and a half months.   one morning my husband woke me up at 2 in the morning to tell me thanks alot for forgetting to put enough coffee in the basket as he waved his cup of beige, lukewarm beverage under my nose.  he was mad, i was madder!  i can't believe i paid $40.00 for this thing..    other pitfalls...i don't grind my own coffee, i just buy the cans.  i found that they were a bit too fine and more than the usual amount of grounds ended up in the coffee.  to correct the problem, i bought the paper filters which only made matters worse because the basket clogged completely.  and the nut at the bottom of the pot pitted within a few weeks.  i'm not sure why this happens, so maybe it is something that i did, but i can't imagine what..    very dissatisfied with this product.  and to go a bit off topic and be honest i'm not thrilled with amazon's return policy.  30 days??  yes, i know it's stated clearly in their policy (and no, i never checked because i never thought i'd have to return this), but heck, even walmart gives you 90 days. so not only will i not buy a hamilton beach product again, i am going to look elsewhere for replacing my vacuum because 30 days is just not long enough (i was actually on here searching for one when i remembered that i never left this review).  i will stick to books and cd's from amazon as i will know within 30 days if those are bad
i'd give this zero stars if i could.less than a month and a half after receiving this percolator, it gave up the ghost. about two weeks ago, i noticed the coffee wasn't as hot as it should be. two days ago, after brewing was completed, i poured myself a nice warm cup of light brown water. i tried making another pot, thinking i had goofed on measuring the coffee. but i hadn't. the percolater simply no longer worked. less than a month and a half after i took it out of the box. this was the fourth electric percolator i'd had in about six years. i'm not that hard on them -- i don't fix coffee every day, and i never fix more than one pot a day when i do. but they each and every one -- and i've had all makes -- stopped working less than a year after i got them. this one, however, takes the cake. not only was it a waste of money, the coffee it did make was really not that good, and the pot itself is downright ugly, with a very thick, heavy handle (i have small hands), and an unnecessarily long spout that is impossible to clean out. do yourself a favor. don't buy this percolator. i'm now going to check out drip coffeemakers
one star henckles breakable knife~.after reading reviews of this knife and others, my husband came to the conclusion that this knife would be the best christmas present for me.  and it was for about 5 days.  it cut wonderfully and felt perfect in my hand.  after i was washing the knife off after cutting an onion, i noticed a crack in the blade!!  so i sent it back for another one, and that one was defective.  the divits that are on the sides of the blades (to keep food from sticking to the knife) were off centered and went off the blade's edge instead of running above it.  so i sent that back for another one.  then amazon said lots of other people were having problems, too, so they did not have any more in stock.  i gave up then.  i am using my refund money towards a trip to california...
cheap.very thin and unsteady. couldn't open it without having to hold the back of it. it wobbled side to side as i was forcing it to open. i sent it back as soon as i got it
deluxe? try "cheap".i decided to return this about 45 seconds after opening it.  the metal is thin and flimsy, and the construction very poor (e.g., little plastic end guards cheap looking and loose).  also, it was a bit lopsided, so it did not sit squarely on my counter...maybe it works fine.  who knows.  the design and manufacture were so poor, i didn't keep it long enough to find out
save your money- buy a better quality.the quality of this isnt great- the sound of the "waterproof" material is loud.  i dont like the side material and think it will fall apart easily.  i would save your money and buy the more expensive one that has better quality.
beautiful design but a very basic design flaw.the teakettle has a very fundamental design flaw. if you look at the picture you would notice that the handle is not securly tied or welded to the kettle. the handle has just ordinary wires that goes through the holes in the teakettle and not very secure. it can very easily come off. yes you can tie with some other wire and make it secure but i did not know that. and it does not ask in the manual to do so...i filled it up completly with water one day and put it on the stove. after the water was boiling, i picked it up to pour water into the tea pot. before i could reach the tea pot, the wires gave up slipped through the holes and the kettle came off while i was still holding the kettle. it fell on the kitchen floor and broke and water was all over my feet. both my feet burned(imagine the water boiling point)...luckily i had bought it from a local stores(bed bath beyond) and i was able to return the broken kettle. i explained it to the store manager and he brought in the new one to verify that the flaw i was explaining. he agreed and promissed me that he will contact the headquaters. this was a couple of months ago and that store is still selling it. perhaps they would keep selling it until someone sue then...the kettle is nice looking but i cannot give more then 1 star becuase of its design flaw
i like everything oxo good grip - except this.this is awkward.  it is sturdy and easy to grip, like all oxo products, but it doesn't fit into a utensil pitcher well.  it is hard to get out of drawers because of the size and the shape of the handle.  i rarely use it and that surprised me because normally i'm a pretty big fan of this company's products
description / item does not match photo on web site.the photo on the website shows 5 different pieces - the set only has 4. also, the description does not indicate that the mugs included with this set are made of stoneware, not the corelle material
not comfortable.i have purchased this set based on the other reviews but i didnt like the product since it was not comfortable,very heavy too
very unhappy with the product.the comforter is uncomfortable and unsoft. the bedskirt is made of some cheap material between clothes and paper -- very easily to be broken. the original price is so misleading. i think it doesn't worth $30
not correct size.beware it is a beautiful comforter but the wrong size. i ordered a california king which is bigger than a standard king and it is the same size i already have on my bed..very disappointed..
average coffee.this coffee tasted bland.  i recommend senseo's version because it works with also works with home cafe and has a stronger, earthier taste (5stars)
it works, just not well..my coffee came out watery and i missed the trade mark foam from my usual pods.  i was underwhelmed and now it's gathering dust
not worth purchasing.i normally buy my coffee pods from coolbeans and decided to give this a try as i had run out of pods and i had family over...the coffee pods i buy are designed where each pod makes 2 of the senseo cups. 2 senseo cups equals 1 standard mug of coffee...i filled the holder with 1 scoop of coffee put my coffee mug in the machine. hit the button for 2 senseo cups. it started brewing the coffee and filling the cup. man did it fill the cup to the point that it ran over the side and completely filled the drip tray below the coffee mug...i began thinking that the senseo might just run the pump for a predetermined amount of time and that the small hole in the original coffee holder restricts the water that is used. so i filled the holder with 2 filters and added 1 1/2 scoops of coffee, packed it well and hit the button. i had to turn off the machine before it overfilled the cup again...water appears to leak around the top of the holder, and runs down the handle of the holder and into the cup of coffee. when you open the senseo up after running it, there is a puddle of water in the holder
waste of money.i saw this product while walking through walmart and thought it was a great idea.  i felt the packaging implied it would produce a "senseo pod"-quality brew from my own coffee.  well, what i got was yucky coffee and a big mess!  as other reviewers mention- the coffee is brewed very weak, you have to watch the water level to prevent an overflow mess and there is no froth.  there are lots of inexpensive 1-cup cofee makers that would be way better, and this does not get you the "senseo" coffee experience.  save your money and don't buy this product!
sturdy but ugly.the color on this is uneven and very dark its suposed to be cobalt, but is black to indigo.  don't be fooled by the picture, this bowl is very dark there is none of the vibrancy seen in the picture, except where the glaze is thin on the outside in odd ridges, there the color is closer to a pale indigo. this creates an unatractive stripping that looks cheap. but there is very little blue or cobalt color to this bowl
they smell and are way too low..these pillows fluff up nice but will have to be used on top of others. they also smell of chemicals
disappointed with quality..although i was pleased with the look of this set, the blades of the knives did not hold up.  upon washing, black spots appeared that did not come off and appeared to be some sort of tarnish.  i was very disappointed and returned the set.  brand new flatware should not look like that after a week of use
grater broke.i bought this set and was very pleased until the grater just snapped at the handle. this implies that there is a support problem with the manufacturers design
watch out!!.i have owned 3 of these (and one of the narrow ones)and every one has snapped in two at the base of the handle with no unusual trauma. anybody know of another heat-safe spatula out there
buyer beware.i bought this spatula after reading the good reviews for it, only to have it fall apart 4 months later. pieces of the plastic head are chipping and peeling off, and i don't even use it more than once a week. i washed it in the dishwasher, but it is supposed to be dishwasher safe, so that shouldn't matter. buyer beware
can't be used at all on the stovetop!.after only 8 months, the teflon started to bubble off the pan and after contacting kitchenaid (who, to their credit, responded very quickly) i was told that the pan cannot be used on top of the stove, even just for making gravy.  what kind of a roaster is that, i ask you???  they will replace the roaster but now i think of it as merely a lasagna pan with a rack.  or a roaster that can be used only if you scrape all the drippings out and into another pan before you make gravy...the bottom line is, don't buy this roaster even though it looks great and works fine for a while
a disappointment..the roaster is a nice size and weight.  unfortunately, after a few uses, the teflon started coming off
not worth ordering.i've had two of these.  despite a great design, the quality is unfortunately seriously flawed...     the coating on the first started to come off after a month of use, despite using appropriate utensils and only hand-washing.  i replaced it, and the second was even worse.  since i don't really want teflon in my food (or bloodstream), that was it. i'm back to all-clad stainless steel and calphalon hard-anodized roasters
money wasted.i am dissatisfied with the kitchen aid cofee maker. sometimes water spills under the carafe during brewing if the carafe is not placed on burner just right. it's almost guaranteed to get coffee grounds in my coffee due to the forceful perculating.
leaky mess.got this coffee maker after the recall and am sorry to say will never come close to the quality of the coffee maker they recalled (kcm200).  coffee can run all over if carafe is not postioned just right!  for a programmable coffee maker, if you set it to start in the morning, instead of waking up to hot coffee, you get to clean up the mess...  also, another flaw i have experienced is that it can easily overflow grinds into your brew.  after waiting forever for this replacement, it was not worth the wait...if everything is just right, it can brew a nice cup
water filter?.we are still using the original water filter, now over 10 months old.  no problems with leaking, no special care needed in inserting the pot.  (really messy if i forget to use the coffee holder/filter when putting in the coffee!  but that is just my own getting old.)  but it really annoys me there is no way to replace the water filter
the big leaker.this new coffee maker we received from kitchen aid is the worst coffee maker i have ever owned. it will leak if the pot is not exactly in a certain spot in the coffee maker. if it is 1/8 " off it will plug up the drip hole from the coffee grounds basket and then it will overflow into the casing causing hot coffee to run all over the counter. it also has a water filter that i have not been able to find anywhere even on the kitchen aid web site. this filter has a stick on it to tell you how much water you have put in the coffee maker and it keeps popping out of its socket. the old one that was recalled worked much better than this new "improved" model and this one holds only 10 cups where the old one held 12. if this was the only one i had experienced that was like this i would think i was the problem. i know of two other people with the same coffee maker and they both have experienced the same problem with it leaking. this is just a very bad design
auto shut-off isn't really off.be aware that this iron's auto shut-off is really a standby mode.  the user guide says "when the iron is picked up or moved, it will re-start at same temperature setting. to turn off the iron manually, press the power/temperature setting button for 2 seconds."..so if you bump the iron and it falls over when in "auto off", it will turn back on and reheat.  if you want it to be truly off, you have to take positive action.  i don't know about you, but that isn't what i expect from this feature, and it doesn't say this on the box...apparently other bd models have this same notion of "shut off", so be aware and read the fine print in the user guides..oher than this issue, the iron works very well.  it heats quickly and the variable steam is grea
lasted two days before spontaneously combusting..short version: don't buy the wal-mart model. it will cost you the original price, plus sh for the replacement, plus the cost of another iron to tide you over until your replacement arrives. oh, and it might burn down your house...long version: okay, here's my story. after reading glowing reviews on amazon i decided to buy the d2030 or d2020. i justified the high price (relatively speaking) because i wanted an iron that would last me forever, do a great job on my collared shirts, and be a no-brainer to operate. unfortunately, because my new job was starting the next day, i couldn't wait for amazon to ship it, so i headed to the local 24-hour superstore. they didn't have the d2030 (or even the d2020), but they had a similarly-priced digital advantage model called the d2000, and i decided to chance it. sure enough, the manual that was included is for both the d2000 and d2020. i figure the d2000 is the wal-mart special since i can't find it anywhere on amazon or elsewhere online...that night i filled it up with water, plugged it in and set the digital temperature setting. by the time i grabbed some shirts out of the dryer and returned it was already beeping and ready to go. awesome. so i ironed a stack of shirts and was blown away by how great it worked. i didn't even have to use the steam press button. there was already plenty of steam kicking out of it and it seemed to do a great job on my shirts. but i tried it anyway. mistake. it left tiny little black marks (burns?) and would have ruined the shirt if it was in a more noticeable place. i was kinda bummed by this, but i didn't really care because i didn't seem to need that function anyway. i was very happy with my purchase...day two. (that's right, day two.) i had just finished ironing one shirt and all of a sudden the iron starts beeping repeatedly, the led goes out, and the iron starts smelling of smoke. sure enough, smoke starts pouring out of it. as another reviewer said, thank god i was there to hear the beeping. i yanked out the plug, grabbed it by the handle--thankfully the handle was not hot to the touch--and set it outside on my patio, away from my apartment wondering if it would explode/melt/spontaneously combust etc. ..i called bd that night and had a very nice customer service rep. i gave her the model number and she immediately started giving me instructions how to get a replacement. i asked, "don't you want to hear what happened to it?" she said yes, and listened politely, but clearly she's heard this story before. many times. ..my return instructions? write a letter explaining the problem, clip the end of the power cord and send it with a check for $7.50 for sh and they'll send me a replacement model (the same, or better). she can't guarantee it will be the same color, though. umm...can you guarantee it won't catch on fire? let's start with that...my $20 sunbeam classic is doing the job just fine while i wait for my replacement from bd. should have gotten it in the first place. bd better send me the d2030 as a replacement, and it better rock my ironing world. and it better not be purple. ..update 10/15/06: i still haven't sent them a letter or any money for sh, and yet a few weeks later black  decker sent me a replacement d2000 anyway, so five stars to them for customer service. but the new iron is still sitting in the box--i'm sort if afraid to use it, and the sunbeam works just fine
iron fire.we purchased a d2020 type 1 several months ago and recently my wife plugged in the iron, went into the bathroom to brush her hair and then heard a constant beeping from the iron. she went out to investigate and tried to pick up the iron but the handle was too hot. upon touching the hot handle, she dropped it onto our insulated ironing board pad causing an immediate burn in the pad. this iron's safety shutoff device was clearly not working. by the time she got the iron unplugged, the iron was smoking, smelled of burnt wiring and the handle so hot that she had to get a towel to put it in a non-flammable area to cool off. it only took the iron less than 3 minutes to get to those extreme temperatures and surley if she was not there to hear the beeping, we could have easily burnt down our house due to the fact that the iron would not shut off. .we're going back to a rowenta despite it costing twice as much. better than a burnt down house
rosle can opener.i have never been able to attach the opener to a can; hence, i cannot open cans with it.  although it is useless, i have an an attractive tool hanging above my kitchen sink
could have made it better....i was very disappointed when i opened the package. the bowls are made in china (other butterfly meadow sets are made in indonesia).  the white color does not match with the other butterfly meadow sets.  the quality of white procelain is very poor.  it looks cheap!  however, i like the other sets i bought (18-peice dinnerware).  they are beautiful
bath sheets.one of the bath sheets is flawed.  but i don't feel that an exchange would be worthwhile
continually breaking.cleans carpets pretty well when it works - which is not very often.  cheap plastic parts keep breaking.  most importantly, the six plastic brushes are all gear-driven from one of the brushes that has an elongated square shaft.  that shaft shears off at its base - it is not strong enough to drive all the brushes on moderately thick carpets.  the brush set has been replaced three times already.  basic design flaw that could be remedied with a steel shaft
leaks like a kid with a runny nose!.i purchased the all terrain after much research. i read reviews about the previous model in which several users had issues with broken and leaking clean water tanks. since this was a new model, i had hoped -- a wrongly bet -- that hoover would have addressed such issues. i even found an email posted by a hoover representative assuring that "yes, the all terrain will have a new tank"...after using the all terrain for about an hour, the detergent tank began to drip. upon further inspection i noticed that the caps do not seal on either the detergent tank or the clean water tank (which began to also leak). ironically, printed on each cap are the words "close tightly". yet when attempting to do so, the caps, which are made out of a flexible plastic, simply 'pop' off when tightened. this is a fundamental design flaw and i am disappointed that hoover let this model out with such a blunder, particularly after the issues with the previous model. a simple and more durable bayonet type cap would have easily  fixed the problem...like so many other corporations, hoover is accepting mediocrity over quality. stay away if you value your well earned time and money. hoover should be ashamed of themselves for allowing customers to shell out $300 to test their faulty products, causing only frustration and a waste of valuable time
ummmm no thank you...................ok i was so darn excited about getting these new pillows....well i have had them for probably about a month now and they are flatter then my old pillows which i am sad to say i have already thrown away.....if you like flat pillows then these ar ethe ones for yo
wife is ok with them, i hate them.the feel is of the head squishing into and being surrounded by the pillow material, and the head resting then at an odd angle giving a sore neck by a few hours. i went back to my trusty feather pillow. actually my wife added some feathers from her old feather pillow into mine and now we are both content...given the chance again, i would pass these sealy pillows by, a name brand does not always warrant normal expectations
sleep.yes yes yes, these do to sleep, no bunching, sleep one or two up if you buy two, ah ah ah, even watching tv can be bunched. when i've sweated these too much i will buy again; no problems
mdeium support?.i purchased these pillows with the hope of sleeping better, but i have been very disappointed in them.  they do not support, they go flat under my head.  i would not recommend them
i don't like cookware with plastic parts.the center posts of this double steamer are made of plastic.  this was a christmas present, but it's going right back to the store.  i don't want to see how long it is before i overcook something and melt it
good kitchen timer - not for all purposes.i purchased to use in the classroom, however it beeps whenever you press a button.  for example, to to set the timer for 10 minutes it beeps 11 times - once for each minute, and once when you press the start button.  very annoying, and no way to shut off the volume.  this would be great in the kitchen
the stand broke in 48 hours.a cheap plastic part on the stand of this timer (so it can be placed on a table) broke off within 2 days of receipt...cheap and to be avoided
dull and useless blades.i bought this exact item for about $20 at a tuesday morning store that mostly carries items that were returned from stock at other stores. ..the slicer is solidly built and looks beautiful out of the box. but the looks are deceiving. the problem is that the blades are so dull that the slicer is completely useless. you must use a lot of force to cut with these dull blades. moreover, carrots and potatoes will end up smashed up rather than julienned if you try to use the fine blades.
i expected more.i own a bunch of calphalon cookware with no complaints except for this one.  its poorly designed because the handle is so heavy, the pan tips over to the side and will not sit flat.  because this happens food is unevenly cooked
artisan refurbished.i bought it with augsaver and free shipping a deal!.the unit is arrived very fast, in great shape, just a few cosmetic dents. i was surprised that the head wasn't ajusted, so if i had run it with a hook , i would have scratched badly the bowl, but it's easy to fix..otherwise, every things ok
leaks water.the grip is indeed good, and the scoop works well, even with hard ice cream. this product has an annoying flaw, however. when you wash it, water gets trapped in some tiny nooks and crannies. then, when you are scooping ice cream, especially ice cream that's straight out of the freezer, the pressure from scooping opens up these nooks and crannies (e.g., around where the scoop shaft joins the handle) and water starts dribbling out and down into the ice cream container. ..if you only use this scoop occasionally, i imagine the water trapped inside would have evaporated. since we tend to use our scoop every week or so, this water dribble happens frequently. i'd recommend taking a pass on this scoop
the handle fell off.i haven't been eating that much ice cream! the handle fell off as i was scooping ice cream for impatient children. i kept scooping with just the scoop part and cut my hand on the jagged broken part. while my cut has nothing really to do with the poor quality of the scoop, it not being designed for use once broken, it did add to the annoyance factor
makes life easier...but....this liner is just too small for most toaster ovens..the product is as stated and wipes clean, but only covers a small area in the middle of the oven.  very slow delivery
ineffective.i had hoped to use this with mason jars to greatly expand my available vacuum storage for crushable/bulk items, without paying the high price for the containers. but it doesn't actually work, even when you think it does. ..in more detail:  at first i found it impossible to get a lid to stay sealed on the jar at all - air would fill the jar as soon as the pump stopped.  i found that this was because i was using new lids; when i tightened the lids onto empty jars for a few days to "work in" the rubber i got better results. after that, if i removed the "jar sealer" device carefully after running the pump, the lid would stay firmly on the jar, it was "dimpled" down indicating a vacuum, and took a bit of effort to pry off...i remained a bit suspicious, so i decided to actually test how good the vacuum was in the jar.  to do this, i vac sealed a jar, then put it in bucket of water upside down, popped off the lid so that water would fill it only the extent that air was absent, then popped the lid back.  the results: only 20% of the jar was full of water, the rest was air that was left in there after the vacuum seal - that is it left 80% of the air in the jar...for comparison, i did the same test with a regular foodsaver container.  the result: the container was 67% full of water. (i think you're not supposed to immerse the lids on those, but hey! in the interests of science... ;)..the bottom line: this attachment is less than one-third as effective in removing air from jars, as the base device is when used with purpose-made containers.  even though the mason jar lid seems firmly sealed, most of the air that was in the jar, remains in the jar.  the device is ineffective: don't buy it
does not work well with small jars.i am not sure if this is specific to my machine but the regular mouth jar sealer does not seem to work well for smaller jars: there appears to be not enough vacuum as you release the button to keep the lid tightly sealed
doesnt work.followed instructions and very rare that it actually does as advertised...  will stick to the canister
too tight.i find that this cover is too tight and pulls the lid off the mason jar after i use the vacuum sealer and breaks the seal. the large version works much better
large and flexable.i have to admit that this is not as handy as i hoped.  it is big and clumsy and it's a little too flexable
flimsy goes to dumpster soon..after four cookings/cleanings, all four spikes and the center spear are moving like loose teeth. pour mechanical design. can it be returned for some form of credit?.one star for easy cleaning
broken in a million pieces.i ordered this item twice and both times it was broken in a million pieces and it has been discontiued by anchor hocking so i never got any of them. so sad as it looked really nice and different so beware if you orde
my wife hates it when i cook with this thing....always a greasy stove top mess to clean up after using this thing, even with a splatter screen... it's not really big enough to fry a big batch either... it comes with a nice thermometer but it's clip doesn't fit the edge of the pot.. it seems to fit best in the hole in the small open handle opposite the big handle.. i've got a ton of lodge stuff and this is my least favorite piece
a dangerous purchase.with all the news around about ingesting teflon and the hazzards of this cancerous material, this product should be taken off the market.  the first time i washed this item, alot of the black coating came off.  and that was withoiut scrubbing it.  i can't believe the fda hasn't pulled it off the store's shelves.  where are they when such a dangerous condition exists
2-piece toaster oven broiler set.i would not recommend this broiler set at all. it is very small (i had lots of extra room in my oven). also the nonstick coating started coming off after only one use, and this is the reason i returned it to amazon
disappointed.the first time i washed the grill, some of the black coating came off. the second time i washed it, more black coating came off. i am tempted to just get it over with and wash off all the coating so perhaps i can use it without being afraid of getting teflon chips in my grilled meat. the advertisement should show the pan with a dollar bill next to it so the customer can see how tiny the pan really is. the size they give in inches in the description is misleading because the pan has almost no depth to it.  i would recommend buying if for a dollar and have them send it free.  then you won't feel so badly when you see how much money you wasted on it.
avoid like the plague..this thing is a sin. admittedly, as the good reviews note, this is a non-stick toaster over broiler pan. as such, it does do what all the good reviews say it will. but of course it does, all non-stick toaster oven broiler pans will...but that's not the point. the point is to review this pan, and as i noted above, this pan is a sin. it does all the good things the other reviews note, until about an hour after you receive it when the non-stick coating starts to flake off. wash it, and it gets even worse. the point here is simple, as others noted, the non-stick coating won't even stick to the surface of the pan, and therefore it ain't non-stick for long...i haven't found another effective solution for my toaster oven yet, but i can tell you that this certainly isn't one. in the words of the immortal pet shop boys: it's a, it's a, it's a... it's a sin
terrible product!.i purchased a couple of these and the paint on both the broiler pan and wire rack flakes off after about 5 uses.  i, too had to throw it out.  i am real disappointed
poorly made.the rack doesn't fit into any type of a groove  when food sticks, which it does, the whole rack comes off. you are constantly having to hold the rack with a pot holder to flip or remove food. it began to chip  flake after a few months and we tossed it in the garbage. not recommended.
avoid this pan.it is very poorly made and the non-stick surface starts to flake off after the first washing, and by the 10th washing, it starts to rust
worst toaster i have ever bought.kitchenaid quality control must be asleep, for nearly $50, i expected the performance of a $20 toaster out of the box.  it had most elements working when it arrived, and now manages to toast only 1/2 the bread (top half). it is only about 4 months old.  well, i could go through the warranty hassle, but i would end up with a kitchenaid, and i'd rather eat frozen bagels and bread.  *updated* my better half convienced me that i should at least give kitchenaid a try, so i called them.  they were very nice and prompt on the phone.  i will update when my replacement arrives to see how their return process works..
cookie sheets not durable.i got this as a wedding gift.  i do not know if it cooks well, as i have not used them yet.  i did run them through the dishwasher, as i wash things before first use.  on the bottom of the cookie sheets, they say amp;quot;dishwasher safe - do not soak in wateramp;quot; and amp;quot;caution! do not use if water is inside pan layers.  risk of burning from steam release.  to remove water, place pan upside down in oven at 250 f until water is gone.amp;quot;  on it's first round through the dishwasher, one of the cookie sheets got water in it between the pan layers.  so now i have to stick it in the oven for a while.  i will not be happy if i have to do that every time i wash the cookie sheets.  also, the tops of the cookie sheets scrape easily (i stacked one cookie sheet on top of the other, and if you slide them at all, they scrape the tops).  although still usable, i am not impressed with the low quality of the cookie sheets.
split after one use..i used this spoon one time, to stir a lasagna meat sauce i was making. washed it. dried it. put it on the counter. came out this morning to find that the spoon part had split, from the tip to about halfway into the spoon...the three cheap wooden spoons i bought for $3.00 (for all three, combined) at the grocery store are still working just fine. while this spoon looks great, i absolutely would never buy it again
pretty expensive!!.i'm sure that it's every bit as good as a roomba but, holy cow, look at that price!..electrolux is a great name. we had them install a central vac in our last home (at great expense) because we thought it (the name) would be a good investment at resale -- it was. i don't believe, however that this item has much resale potential any more than a roomba does, but the roomba only cost us $199.00 for a refurbished unit (4230) which gives no trouble
i was expecting a lot... and got nothing..i bought a roomba discovery a few years ago, it worked great! so i thought i would buy an electrolux trilobite also, but it didnt even function. i opened the box with very high expectations because it costs $1,650 plus tax, whitch is 100 dollars more! the first conflict, it wouldnt charge! i did everything the directions told me, but it wouldnt charge at all! i called customer service, and they sent me a new one to trade for it. it did the same thing! it just wouldnt charge! they sent me a new battery for it, then it started to charge! when it was done, i pushed the button for it to clean, it started but when it came to a wall or an obstical, it would run into it and wouldnt turn around or stop, it kept going! i was so frustrated, i took it back for a full refund and bought another roomba discovery for a fraction of the price, and worked much better then the other one, so dont go through the hassle of buying a electrolux trilobite, just buy a roomba! its much better!
inaccurate advertising..i ordered this toaster, received it in the mail, and had only to look briefly at the manual to know that i needed to return it. the amazon web site states that it toasts four slices quot;independently,quot; and that's exactly what i wanted. but that's not exactly a feature of this appliance. slices 3 and 4 must be toasted with 1 and 2. there is one knob for browning control for all 4 slots, not one for each 2 slots (like my old hamilton beach toaster.) with this machine, i can't put a split bagel in two slots, then bread in the others. i can't put 4 slices of anything in, and get them done 2 different ways. that's not what i call quot;independent.quot
doesn't heat oil to correct temperature.this is the second fryer we have purchased, and we are sorry we did.  we had a delonghi that we really liked, but got tired of the clean up, so decided to give this one a try.  even after preheating for over 15 minutes at the highest temperature, the temperature of the oil never gets high enough to correctly fry the food. (i used a cooking thermometer to test the temperature on several different occasions; even after the 15 minute preheat, the temp. was at least 20 degrees too low. as every good fryer knows, correct temperature is key to great fried foods.)  everything comes out a bit soggy, and just doesn't have that great "fried flavor."  we have used this fryer 5 or 6 times, and now it's headed for the trash can.
average fryer didn't last long.i got one of these less than a year ago and the heating element has already died.  it sits out from the upper cabinets 2ft whenever it use but it steams so much you can see the results in the bottom of the upper cabinets and the whole house smells even with the filter being brand new.  it beats the fry daddy fryer i had but i won't buy one again
cover does not fit well.the design and material seem great, but the stir fry and cover do not fit well.
interior glaze was flawed..i was very excited to buy this pan but was sorely disappointed when it arrived.  the interior glaze was covered with many small pits that were visible to the eye and could be felt when i ran my hand over them.  i sent the pan back and asked for an exchange.  the exchange arrived very quickly, but unfortunately was also flawed.  this time it was a single, but large flaw in the interior of the pan--a sizeable spur with a pit in the glaze.  i sent the second pan back as well, but this time got a refund on my money.  i love amazon, but i've given up on buying this pan from amazon.  maybe i'll have better luck in a real store where i can inspect the pan before buying..
not worrth it........i have bought flannel sheets from amazon before but they were from martex and they were greate. but, these are just bad. they are too thin to start with, left lint all over the bed and even after washing they have left fuzzies all over the sheets, i cannot even explain how bad it is. i  should have waited for another martex deal
junk, do not waste your money.you truly get what you pay for in this case.  we bought the red ones and they have left fuzzies all over the house.  in the dryer, you need to check the lint trap frequently, as they shed like mad.  they are not smooth and cozy, they have a very high coefficient of friction and it's sorta hard to scootch around on them.  i would not recommend.
horrible product.product not even worth a penny. impossible to use after the first wash..wont recommend to anyon
afraid they'll fall apart.i bought two sets to take advantage of the free shipping, despite the low reviews. (i plan to buy good sheets once they go on clearance at the end of the season...) when i took one set out of the package there was already a hole in it. amazon replaced them, but when i washed them they feel like they are going to fall apart. the filled up the lint collector. i have red and green lint everywhere, even after washing them. you get what you pay for
horrendous!.i bought 2 sets each of the twin size brick and navy blue.  .i opened and washed 1 of each color - seperately because of the pillig issue i read - and even after 4 wash and drys (and full dryer filter cleanouts after each dry) - they still have bits coming off . .to top it off, with all the 'fuzz' in the dryer filter - they are now no longer as soft and thick as when i first opened the package and they haven't even been used yet..i see from some reviews that the light solid colors seem to not have the same issue so maybe this is some type of dye process issue.
not loud enough.it won't wake you up. it has a very soft beep, and the vibration is easy to sleep through
don't buy this.for a silicone spatula it is not   heat-resistant.  the first time i used it the edges cracked.  plus it is not flexible so you can only use it at certain angles.  waste of money...i sold it in my garage sale!..i recommend le creuset instead
good spatula, but....pretty nice spatula, but the shaft is bit too flexible for my taste :(  also, although it is 9quot; in length, this is certainly not a compact spatula
totally disappointed.i bought this item with the impression that permanent coffee filters made coffee taste better, but i can honestly say it doesn't.  once more, there are still grounds in my coffee and a disgusting syrup at the bottom of my cup.  i'm not sure if the filter i got is bad.  it did come from amazon and i haven't had problems with anything i've got from them, so i'm not necessarily accusing them of giving me bad product, but i'll leave that open for later interpretation.  ..cleaning this item is not easy at all.  some of the grinds fall out, but not enough of them.  you get a huge clump on the bottom that will not move.  ..i bought this filter with my grind and brew coffemaker and i have to say that both are becoming more trouble than they are worth.
attack of the 12 pack.interesting little gem which actually worked for 11 times 'til i got to the end of a 12 pack of water my wife makes me drink.  then it kind' a sighed, gave a short springy gasp and died.  after trying several attempts as resuscitation, i left its brushed aluminum body lay silently on the counter.  i informed my well meaning spouse of the contraption's early demise and blamed it on the water
great idea, poor quality....i purchased one of these nifty gadgets for my husband, who has trouble with arthritis. we were so intrigued that we immediately ordered a second as a gift. the first one opened about 18 bottles before its innards were sprung. no longer anxious to give the other as a gift, we kept it, hoping that the first one was just a dud. the second one is not dead yet, but it doesn't have long..it feels hefty and solid in the hand, but the little-bitty wire spring inside is flimsy. not one of my best purchases from amazon.com and i wouldn't recommend this product if you expect it to last through more than a case of brew.
cheap glass.for the price i don't suppose this is a terrible choice.  however, i chipped the base the very first time i washed it.  you have to be very careful because this is not high quality glass and will break on you very easily.  in addition, the base is much lighter that the cover and makes for a somewhat top-heavy arrangement when there is not a cake on the base
works but low quality.i purchased two because the price was great.  however, the quality is low due to large manufacturing tolerances.  on one unit, the top did not fit the base, making the spinning difficult.  oddly, by swaping the top on one unit with the base on the 2nd unit, both could be made to work adequatly.  however, once you have spun your greens, there is no way to remove the snapped on top because there is nothing to grab on to.  you have to pull up on the spinning knob, which means the unit will not last long.  i would not purchase again because it is so difficult to use.  perhaps the unit you buy will fit better.  good luck
cannot use.i wanted to add a second pair of kitchen shears to my life as i use them for so much (my first pair is a henckel's).  what a disappointment!  this is actually the first item i have returned to amazon (and i've been ordering from them for years).  the place to put your fingers in handle is so big that is was very uncomfortable to use and the blades seemed 'to go too far' (hope you know what i mean).  anyway, totally unusable to me.
spend a little more to get something nicer.....i was surprised when i opened the package for this product -- it wasn't anything like how i'd imagined it. this cookie sheet is very flimsy and cheap feeling, almost like a one-time use product. plus, everything sticks to it relentlessly. i'm not sure i'm going to get much use out of it, and i wish i'd spent a few dollars more to get something more substantial
not very good (return).this cookie sheet when put in a 350 degree oven smelled like toxic chemicals and ruined the food i was baking. i am returning the product as unacceptable
very disappointed.when my cookie sheet arrived, it had a product label glued on with some  sticky substance that was   all over it. getting the glue off has been a nightmare. it was sorta like hard rubber but didn't want to come off the cookie sheet. i've used everything i can think of to remove it from the cookie sheet. it's now scarred from brillo pads and various implements  to remove the glue. i guess somebody at the factory  must've had a bad day or something and decided to plaster the glue everywhere. i won't be ordering anything from this company again
keep coming apart.i guess they cut as well as any kitchen shears, but i find that they regularly come apart into two pieces. that's probably good for cleaning, but annoying when you use them. i also find the grip is not very comfortable (and i have small hands!). i bought them separately (not a part of a set)
not the usual magnalite.my first set of cookware was magnalite and both my mom and grandmother owned magnalite. this aint your usual magnalite. it arrived warped and scratched up and was shipped in it's own box with no packing materials. it also appeared to be a return because the box had been opened and retaped shut. not to be anti china but that's where this was maufactured. i will try to buy this made somewhere else because it looks to be a cheap immitation of the real thing
dinner plates won't fit in dishwasher or upper cabinets!.i searched for almost a year to find a new pattern of everyday dishes i liked.  and i love the look of the sedona pattern, and especially the centerpiece bowl and pitcher.  but the huge 12" dinner plates won't fit in my dishwasher, or in my upper kitchen cabinets!  so i guess i will have to return all the pieces i received for christmas and resume my search for a new pattern.  i am so bummed
horrible.these are the roughest sheets i have ever purchased.  1000 thread?  more like 10!..i returned them after trying to get them to soften up in the wash and they had to be ironed
beware!.these sheets are thick, but not smooth at all.  i did some research (after i bought them) about thread count.  apparently, some manufacturers use a "new" method for thread count which is totally different from the one we know and rely on.  according to my research, thread count is the new marketing mantra for sheets. the higher the better, you'll hear. but some sheet makers are boosting thread count simply by counting wrong.  the right way to count is to add up all vertical and horizontal threads in a square inch of fabric. two hundred is typical and perfectly fine; 400 may provide a finer, softer sheet. above 400, the only difference is likely to be price.  many sheet makers are now counting plies--very thin yarns that make up a thread.  hence your 1,000 thread count sheets are probably 400 thread count shees.
very poor quality.the quality of this set is very poor, especially the non stick pans.  i have to exchange it because of one of the non stick pans came with scratched coating.  however, the new package also has one non-stick pan scratched. very fraustrated
no lid for small frying pan.unbelievable - the set does not contain a lid for the 8" frying pan
it's a microwave only, don't buy.this oven looks great, is a little big.  it has to be dialed for the times, you can't just punch in 3min 30 seconds.  not the worst thing.  the worst is it's only a microwave.  the "toaster" is a joke.  it's the same thing as the "oven" with a wire rack.  a broiler element comes on from the inside top and within 3 minutes will turn your slices of bread to hardened bricks.  the bread is not edible.  it's as if you'd microwaved it and then tried to dry it out in an oven overnight.  the "oven" is the same broiler element only and will also ruin any dinner rolls you might have put in a small toaster oven.  i didn't want to pay to send it back, but should have!  i ended up having to buy a small toaster oven from target to do the two jobs i was told this one would do.  i could have bought a nice looking, well made microwave for a lot less money and the same toaster oven.  big mistake.  live and learn.  don't buy the combo machines, they can't do it all
just say no.. once more.loud.  ugly.  cheap and not only cheap as in price...broke on mehh!!  s0 ii started t0 siing!  l)0(
can't beat the laws of physics -- bought and returned.when i saw the combo microwave/toaster over thought that it was too good to be true. with a kitchen that always has one too many appliances on the counter, and with an aging microwave that should be moved to the office i was really looking forward to the product...there were two problems that made me send it back before trying it out: the size and no toast...apparently because of the heat generated in grill mode the unit needs from 2 inches (side) to 8 inches (top) of clearance and that meant i could not find a place in my kitchen for it...also, the grill seems more a grill than a toaster; i actually use a toaster over for toast and it doesn't seem designed for such purposes.
disappointing coffeemaker.i received this coffemaker as a christmas present last year, and the quality of the coffee is just disappointing.  it seems weak and always has a burned smell/taste to it, even the first cup but especially after it's been in the pot for more than a few minutes.  i've tried using more beans, less beans, ground coffee, filtered water, bottled water, tap water, wire filter, white paper filters, brown paper filters.....but i've never hit on a combination that give me a cup of coffee without the burned taste and smell.  ..as for cleanup, it's not a big deal unless you're making multiple pots of coffee.  just pop the parts in the dishwasher.  i've never had the filter door pop open while brewing as others have.  the grinder is very noisy...overall, it's just a disappointment for the money.  since i'm the only coffee drinker in the family, i'm thinking about a single serve machine like the keurig.
the epitome of bad design.dude, i bought this thing at a kitchen specialty store mainly because it was on sale. ok, the red color was also rather enticing. ..anyway, it sucks. i wish to god i'd read everyone else's reviews before buying it. what's scary is that some people actually paid full price for this piece of junk...anyway, nothing i can say that hasn't been said before. this. machine. sucks
poor performer in the realm of flavor... that's everything w/coffee eh?.i know exactly why this unit gets consistent 3 star reviews...the water is rushed thru the filter basket too fast to leech the optimum flavor from the coffee grounds. i beta-tested/compared to my krups unit, which allows the water to swim in the bean much longer. temperature-wise the cuisinart dgb500 wins by 10 degrees, but that doesn't matter, the coffee still tasted like tea unless i put about 35% more bean than a regular coffee maker. great idea, but using that much more bean over a long haul means you might as well head to mccoffee for the $1.70 cup of gold coast every day. you'll spend a lot less time cleaning parts that way too! face it, it's all about the flavor if you're a serious coffee drinker...this unit will only frustrate the serious java-lover's palette. save your money.
non-stick???.i bought this pan to replace a cuisinart pan that i've had for 8 years. first time i used the calphalon, i tried to cook an omelet. i carefully followed instructions for first use, but nevertheless ended up with egg stuck all over the pan, and it took me 20mins+ to clean it off. rubbish for nonstick cooking -- though it will probably be good for sauces and deglazin
pan is useless.i own an induction cook-top stove.this cook-top cooks using magnetic energy.the magnetic energy cooks by vibrating the metal in the cooking utinsil only, which must be made of a magnetic material, such as steel or iron.all-clad is noted for being made of steel but i was not told that this pan has an aluminum outside shell, which is non-magnetic. thus, i own a great pan that is useless to me!not all all clad cookware can be used with an induction stove! ask mfr. before buying
recurrent problem.i'm amazed so many people find no problem with this product -- for me it has been nothing but trouble.  when it works, it works well; unfortunately, it mostly doesn't work.  the common failing is that after producing a vacuum, the heat sealer fails to activate. i have sent the product back on two occasions because of this and received back a repaired product on the first occasion and what i presume was a new replacement the second time.  on each occasion the device worked for a period of time and then re-developed the same problem.  i think i'll try an alternative brand this time around
food saver professional ii.i am disappointed with this unit.  it has a tendency to over heat and shut off.  my father-in-law owns the same unit and he has the same problem with his...ours just recently died after hardly using it over the past year.  the main board went out, so the unit will not even turn on.  it will cost $89 for the part plus $45 in labor and shipping fees.  the service dealer said that this is a normal problem for the professional ii.  we paid $289.93 for the unit...that aside, the unit worked well to seal alaskan wild game and fish.  it is a plus to have the built in bag cutter and the sealing time adjustment switch.  for the price paid and the amount used, it should have lasted longer
if you have problems, buyer beware.i've been a big foodsaver user for many years.  yes it has it's limitations, but it helps when buying in bulk.  i purchased my first foodsaver many, many years ago after seeing the tv commerical for it.  i was extremely happy with it and couldn't tell people just how happy i was with it.  i used it for years and years.  finally the motor started to slow down and the suction power failed.  so i got a new one.  a no-brainer i thought.  ..i was really disappointed with this one.  it didn't have the same suction power that my older version had and there was a wrinkle on the sealing tape.  that wrinkle soon because bigger and bigger and then became a hole in the seal which let air in.  finally after a year and a 1/2 of sealing it twice on each side i called for support.  i was told it would be $50 and if they couldn't fix it immediately would send me a new one.  as it turns out, i was without one for over two months and i got a refurbished one back.  this one isn't any better than the one i returned.  it also has wrinkles in the sealing tape and this one has less power in the motor.  i'm very disappointed in their products now.  i'll call again to see what they'll do for me, but i don't expect to get anything better...i guess it's a hit a miss with this machine.  if it works great at first, than it'll work great for a long time.  but if it doesn't than you got a lemon and don't expect to get anything better from their support...i'm in the process of researching a better machine from another company.  hopefully i can find what i had with my original foodsave from the '90s.
over priced.i suggest the opening price point rival unit. just as good and you can buy three for the price of one. great gift
keeps coffe hot--that's its only advantage--poor performance and quality..purchased the unit about 6 months ago and have never been happy with it. the heating plate under the pot started to rust; the pot leaks every time it's poured; it's almost impossible to pour water into the water chamber without spilling it; the handle of the coffee basket broke within a few months; and two days ago the entire top of the unit snapped off when we opened it to pour in the water. we purchased this unit because of the cuisinart brand and the stainless steel carafe. we will not purchase another
looks better than it is.i purchased this coffeemaker because of the stainless steel carafe. the problem is when you pour coffee into a cup, it goes all over, i have to pour off the kitchen sink. no matter how slow or fast, it makes a mess. the second problem is when the coffee sits on the warmer, it starts to boil. this may be a problem with just this one. i would not purchase this item again
barely a year and im ready to get a new one.i have too many complaints. first its slow. second the spout is awful. i always have a mess and i never usually have this problem..now the heating element is wearing off. also if you take the carafe out while the coffee is running it doesnt seem to shut off. so i have to wait for 5 minutes to make 4 cups of coffee. dont bother. waste of money
metallic taste.i searched through these reviews to find out if i was the only one who recoiled at the metallic taste. i see i wasn't. if you want coffee that tastes only like coffee, avoid this thing. design flaw: top is hard to open (at least on mine; snaps shut, requires two hands to release). anyone know of an alternative 4-cup (actually, this is more like a 3-cup)
the little coffee maker that couldn't.it is cute, but it spills and it's defective. the water spills while trying to fill the maker. the coffee spills when trying to fill the cup. the so-called plate warmer is more of a burner. it doesn't keep the coffee warm as much as it burns it if you don't use it in 15 minutes. but now, after only four months, it doesn't work at all. the automatic timer turns the machine off after 3 seconds and that's being generous. don't buy it for yourself... don't buy it as a gift...
disappointing.i was thrilled to finally find a coffee maker without a carafe.  however, cuisinart on demand made the worst tasting cup of coffee i've ever had!  i tried different brands of coffee hoping it would finally produce a good cup of coffee.  no luck!  every cup tasted like plastic even though all instructions in the manual were followed before use.  very disappointing.  it's being returned to the store today
works well until it breaks.i loved this thermometer for the first four times i used it.  it let me accurately cooked all the food i used it on.  but after four uses, it broke.  the display unit works fine, but the temperature probe is broken -- after some research, i found out that it won't resist temperatures over about 200 degrees -- and my grill will get hotter than that.  oh well, i guess you get what you pay for
rubbish, absolutely rubbish.wish i could give this item 0 stars, i guess one star will have to  do...i have had three of these, one maverick, one william sonoma, one polder, all the same exact make/model, just different branding..two were gifts, one i bought and returned. i have replaced the probe twice on each - guess i didn't learn my lesson fast enough...i should clarify the display device works like a charm - timer function is great, and probe works as long as it doesn't need to be in the oven, grill, smoker or other hot environment (for e.g. it can be used to have an alarm go off when your water is about to boil). ..but in general the metal probe is complete rubbish, it does not stand the test of time or a 350 deg f oven. the insulating material around the thermocouple consistenly fails prematurely. ..i bought these because i saw alton brown (good eats) use a similar model - this was a bad idea - i have been dissappointed time and time again with this item. please do not buy this item, unless you plan on purchasing a probe that can withstand the temperatures w/in your oven/grill (see grainger for a probe that can w/stand at least 600deg f
disappointed.bought to use with our gas grill, so could monitor meat doneness without lifting grill lid and losing cooking temperature.  worked fine 1st few times.  but then alarm registered well done even before probe inserted in meat!! returned it and got a replacement.  after a few uses same problem with the new unit.  the idea is great, but the device stops working after only a few uses.
everything sticks and it rusts.the title says it all.  food sticks to it.  especially the grill side.  it leaves pieces of the chicken breast all over the grill and it's tough to clean.  after you do clean it, there are rust spots all over it, so you have to clean it before you use it again!  go with non-stick or cast iron
typical poor packaging by amazon.amazon continues to amaze me with the total lack of due care for packaging breakable items correctly. the le creuset griddle measuring 8 1/2 x 13 inches with a deep of 3/4 inch was packed into box nearly 100 times the volume necessary with only two small  bubble bags. is it any wonder why the item received was broken?
heavy and difficult to clean!.this pan is very heavy.  i agree with other reviewers who recommend the lodge grill pan as a cheaper and similar alternative.  i found this pan difficult to clean since i don't have a sink basin large enough to soak the entire pan.  truly a disappointment for the $$.  i have ordered the all-clad grill pan (cast aluminum) for the lighter weight.  although i am a fan of lecreuset cookware, i do not recommend this pan.
hyped fan.i bought this fan for a friend. they were previously on sale at cosco @ 2 for $39. she was disappointed, as she said it wasn't very powerful. it does move air around but that's about it. this fan is overpriced!
stinks on ice.i bought this to replace a polder oven thermometer that had a shattered face.  worked once, now the needle is stuck at six o'clock.  unacceptable, i will replace it with a different brand
never worked!.this product has not worked since the day i received it
frank d.this thermometer had good ratings in some of the cooking magazines. i am on my second and last one because they stop working. i am going to try another brand
first one quit working -- replacement is hanging in there..after only six weeks and a few times in the oven, the needle no longer moves.  it doesn't matter how easy it is to read if it doesn't have anything to say...follow-up:  amazon replaced the defective unit quickly and courteously.  we've used the replacement occasionally for several months now without any problems
died after 40 days.the pointer got stuck and does not move after about 40 days after purchased.  thats about 15 usage.  careful when buying this item
dissapointed.the thermotmeter failed the second tiem i used it, the pointing needle got stuck and it did not give a reading.  for ten bucks i would not go through the hassle of returning it so i disassemble it and unstuck the needle, but it got stuck again the next time i used it.  definitly  not a good experience from such a simple product, which appeared to be very reliable, but wasn't
does not hold seal..i love the vacu vin wine bottle stoppers, so a year ago i purchased the marinator and a set of canisters.  big mistake.  i can't get the seal to hold most of the time.  this happened after a few uses, so it's not that they're old or anything.  every month or so i give it another try, to no avail.  the seal and edges are clean, and i can't figure out what to do
inferior product.unfortunately this product did not work at all.  nice idea no performance.  stick with the vaccuvin
inferior item.i purchased the rabbit vacuum pump in december, 2003.  i have used it several times a week since then. one of its flimsy plastic arms broke several days ago. i tried to contact its parent company, metrokane, for several days since then. i've tried telephoning them several times and all i get is voice mail.  i've sent them an e-mail without response.  i've since purchased a vacu-vin concerto pump and i am very happy with it. it creates a much better vacuum than the rabbit lever pump. it costs less ($19.95 vs. $30.00)  and i bet the company is more responsive. in general, i think their products are inferior. their wine opener is much less expensive than comparable bottle openers such as the lever-pull, but they break and the lever-pull lasts
piece of junk.i don't bother to review items generally but this was an exceptionally bad piece of junk that i wish i had saved the box so i could have returned (which i also don't usually bother about).  i love my lever pull corkscrew and thought this product would live up to that level of quality.  i couldn't ever get any suction no matter how hard i tried and just tossed it in the garbage and chalked it up to the lesson of not tossing the box until you have tested the product
rabbit vacuum pump a "fizzle".i like my rabbit corkscrew, and when i saw that it had a companion,  the rabbit lever vacuum pump to preserve  the wine in an opened bottle, i was sure that it would be the same quality.  but, beware the so called  less effort-just 4 swift pumps of the lever (or even 10 pumps )  does a minimal job of  creating any vacuum in the opened bottle.   a real bust for $30.00.  in addition , we have had no response from our complaints and return of product from the metrokane co.
better off with a $5 wine vacuum......i was very excited about this product as i like the corkscrew they make.  unfortunately this product simply does not work.  we have thrown it away and gone back to the $5 models that actually preserve the wine
shapen the blades and it will work fine.i bought one of these the first time i saw it because my wife and i had such a good service from or ka stand mixer for many years. it looked so well built and sturdy. the noise level was so low, easy to clean, we liked it very much until we tried to make a banana smoothie, the result was banana chunks even after long periods of pulse or different speeds. i called ka service and the lady suggested to try riper bananas or even to puree the banana first in the ka food processor!..the blades were strong and dull, then later i learned that there is a sharper version in newer models,  was not interested in making the change, since it involved a cost and hassle, so, recently, i sent the blades to a sharpening store, where they sharpen many types of cutting tools and they did a wonderful job, now it purees everything smoothly, easily and with a very low noise level..i think ka should call back these dull blades models and make the blades change at no cost for consumer, in the meantime, my pretty kitchenaid blender was saved from the storage room and is now working flawlessly on the kitchen counter...1 star for the hassle of having the consumer to fix the problem
it cannot puree.i got this as a christmas present so i felt bad selling it, but i had to.  it seemed like such a bummer that such a well constructed and powerful blender can't liquify anything (even though it's got a button for that).  the blender has a deliberately dull blade and i could never can a reasonably smooth puree.  there's a lot of nice things to say about this blender and it's very easy to take apart and clean.  which is why i was hoping kitchenaid would have a sharp replacement blade somehow available (think of their mixers and how much attachment stuff they make for that).  that would make all the difference in the world to just swap a sharp blade in for soups, and putting the dull one back in for crushing ice or whatever.  as far as i know, they don't make a sharp blade for this.  too bad
it's a pain to clean.i have had cast iron pans my entire adult life so care and cleaning was not an issue for me. but this pan is a pisa.  every time i have used this pan the food has stuck.  i have reseasoned this pan using the traditional method not once but twice and after the second time i grilled pork cutlets and they stuck all over the place.  this pan is truely a mystery to me as to why it won't season but it heading to the goodwill store and i am here tonight to buy a nonstick grill pan...bottom line, i wouldn't purchase this pan again
lodge pro-logic pan.this product did not live up to its description in terms of being pre-seasoned and therefore almost non-stick.  i only used it twice.  both times the food stuck to the pan and was quite a chore to clean up, especially when detergent or other cleaners were not to be used on it.  i would not buy any of their similar products based on this experience
this product didn't live up to expectations.i purchased this pad after reading a review here with the hope that this was the answer to my sleeping problems associated with premenopause. it didn't seem to keep me cooler when i got hot, and it didn't warm me when i was cold. i'm sending it back
siz is too small.it says this is a 2 burner grill pan but that is so wrong. it does not cover 2 burners it sits in the middle of each burner causing the handles to be right ove both burners. very dissapointing, i love the le creuset normally and was really looking forward to having a grill pan made by them. unfortuanatelly due to the shape it will not work for just one burner either. hopefully they will come out with an updated one, until then my search for a good 2 burner grill pan continues
sadly disappointed.i had high hopes for this grill.  after all, i love my zo bread machine.  however, i don't love this grill.  the good points are that it cooks a decent steak or burger.  the bad points are that it smokes horribly,  is very difficult and messy to clean and takes forever to heat up.  if you really want one of these, look for mine soon at a goodwill near you
poor browning compared to higher-quality pan.adequate pan with lackluster browning.  i prefer my all-clad.
cheap metal.when i first got the juicer, i absolutely loved it!  finally, fresh o.j.! worked well, was able to juices 10-20 lbs. of oranges in minutes.  however, i did get the feeling there was still plenty more left in the halves.  then one day the gears felt quot;stickyquot;, and then on one more pull of the arm the metal body just cracked and broke!  right where the arm attaches to the body it just cracked apart.  this was not mechanical. it was just poor quality
far from being quot;professionalquot;.nice looking chrome gadget but we found it to perform poorly. the holding glass is small and tilted very easily. the halves stucked to the cup on the lever. you have to remove the fruit halves with your fingers (very impractical and messy). the cranker does not produce enough leveler pressure often leaving plenty of juice in the halves, no matter how hard you push. if you push to hard the stability of the juicer is not good. there are no suction feet to hold the machine in place. can't recommend it. far from being a so call quot;professionalquot; equipment
hard to handle for old people..no directions to maintain or use came ith the juicer.did not seem to extract all the juice,but left pulp all around the edges.i want to return it when i learn how.your return thing is down.  . thank you for asking. . lou borczak . borzzak@comcast.ne
terrible quality....poor repair options.not only is this product over-priced, poorly designed and highly inefficient, but its components are very poor quality.  the most recent problem is that the toaster timer mechanism broke...after no more than 3 months of use.  when we called delonghi, they directed us to a "repair center" about 20 miles away.  very frustrating.  unfortuntately, i can't recommend any other product, but i'd avoid paying a premium for this one
it just died..first, the oven didn't match the picture on the box. the picture was much cooler looking. (i didn't get it from amazon.) then, i noticed my second batch of waffles, bagels, or whatever would burn. the setting needs to be adjusted according to how warm it is from use. finally, it just died for no apparent reason after 6 months of use. i did like the fact that i could fit a small pizza pan inside this oven and i used it a lot until it went to appliance heaven
horrible experience with this toaster oven.it was impossible to actually toast anything without drying it out like a piece of jerky.  jerky toast - that's what i want in the morning!  this was a problem from day 1, but i thought that i'd solve it by turning the thing on for a few minutes before putting bread in for toast.  occasionally this was an acceptable strategy, but many times the oven would shut off the top element.  ..i never could figure out how to get the heating elements hot and keep them that way.  additionally, i only once ever saw the bottom element get to a dull red hot, so i don't know if it ever was fully on.  i don't know who the genius was at delonghi who designed this, but i'd like to tell them that you cant toast bread on low heat!!. ..note: i purchased this toaster oven from a brick and mortar vendor, not amazon.  this was fortunate, since it simplified the return process
bad delonghi experience.we purchased a delonghi toaster oven and both the toaster and oven functions stopped working right after the one year warranty expired. we barely used this product. when contacting customer service we were told that there were no replacement parts available for our model and there was nothing we could do and nothing they would do for us. my $20 toastmaster lasted more than 15 years! this is the lsat time i buy a toaster based on appearance
i tried to like it.i bought the delonghi 4 slice retro toaster and wanted the matching toaster oven. wow was i disappointed. i tried to like it but it just doesn't get hot. also the timer ticks through the whole process. unfortuntely i had to return the toaster oven to amazon and recieved a full refund. thanks amazon
run while you still can.let me start with saying i love kitchenaid! however, they dropped the ball when trying to make a coffee maker. we are on our 4th attempt at getting one to actually work. there were various problems, but i will say that buying the $20 coffee maker from your local grocery store would work better than this coffee maker. again my whole kitchen is mostly made up of kitchenaid, but they need to go back to the drawing board when it comes to this product.
kitchenaid is bad.as with other reviews here, my coffeemaker spews coffee all over the counter, this is my second kitchenaid coffeemaker- the first was recalled and they sent me this piece of garbage- i have a 220.00 kitchenaid blender that is worse than this coffeemaker- stay away!
returned the item.we returned the product after 2 weeks.  the coffee pot did not fit the machine and everytime we made coffe it poured out all over the counter
i really got took how about a refund.boy did i get took on this one, the pillows were hard as a rock. they felt like an over inflated air matress pillow, i sure wish i could get my money back on this. i will really have to think twice before ordering from amazon agai
not impressed, go to brick and mortar to buy..i agree with another reviewer.  they are very tall and hard, makes for an uncomfortable nights sleep.  probably better to buy in a store where you can judge the firmness.  only product from amazon that i was not that happy with
awful pillow!.the pillow is extremely hard. when you lay on it your neck sits up a good 4-6 inches so if you like really soft pillows, this is not the one for you!  also, whatever it is stuffed with is really noisy.  whenever you move your head, the pillow "crackles."  i put my old one back on and i will stick to buying pillows in stores from now on
good while it lasted.suited my needs for reasonable coffee and milk steamer for about 8 months. cheapie knob for switching from coffee to steamer is a bugger. steam is now leaking inside somewhere in steamer mode causing serious heating of the top of the unit, nasty noises, and fear of explosion. i descale it every month so i don't think i mistreated it. did get daily use and was only $[...] but i think it should still last more than 8 months
buy this if you want to burn your coffee (or cash).this espresso machine burns coffee grind because it takes too long for pressurized water to flow through the grind. i am not sure if my particular machine is defective but it takes about 2-3 minutes for 50ml of water to flow through. the result - just one pure shot of burnt espresso! this is not even the case of what you get is what you paid for. i don't think anyone would pay $[...] something bucks for making burnt espresso. don't waste your cash. try something a little bit more expensive, and hopefully it will be better than this one. to be fair, the frother did seem to work fine...needless to say, i am planning to return it back
you get what you pay for!.if you want an inexpensive espresso maker this will work, but you get what you pay for.  its all plastic on the outside and thin guage light weight aluminium.  our old krups had stout coffee holder and stainless milk foamer and we thought we'd get as good or better but the quality has been stepped down a notch.  too bad krups is cheapening its products
krups fnd111 no 871.just been using this fnd111 as a replacement for a krups 871 i've had for the last three years and i can't say i'm impressed...the main issue with this machine is the pressure. it's insufficient to the task. i like a fine grind and usually make 2 espressos at a time; one for me and one for the my so. ..the 871 would spit out a full caraffe in about 3 minutes. the fnd111 spits out about half a caraffe then seems to not be able to do the rest lending a burnt flavor to what does dribble out over the course of 5 - 8 minutes. way, way to long...the second issue is the on switch. it's integral to brewing or foaming meaning there's no way to release the steam without also having the boiler on. no walking away from the machine for you!..given these two objections i'm hunting down another 871 to use for the next few years. hope this is helpful and don't waste your cash. if i'd gotten one of these initially when i wanted to make espresso at home i'd still be going to the cafe
worthless.if you want your beans aired out every few hours, this will do it. if you want them to stay fresh, this is the worst possible storage system imaginable
seals ok, but cannot hold a vacuum, runs down batteries.the instructions say the unit seals in 1-2 minutes, and mine does. it is very loud, but it does seal. but about every 3 hours or so, it apparently has lost enough vacuum that i hear it re-sealing for at least a full minute. yes, it is supposed to reseal automatically. but every 3 hours? that is going to eat batteries like crazy...i bought the beanvac because we don't have room for our foodsaver on the kitchen counter. when i seal a foodsaver canister, it will hold a hard vacuum for *months*. i realize that the beanvac, being battery-powered, isn't going to develop as good a vacuum, but the canister still should be able to keep the air out for more than 3 hours at a time. this is a poorly-designed product
poor quality.we have only been using the sheets for 2 months and it is already pilling (balling up) very badly.  it is already affecting my husbands sleep so we are on a search for another sheet set.  when you see 500 thread count, you expect more from the sheet but i guess we should have know what to expect given the low price.  i suppose you get what you pay for.  take my advice and don't throw away this $$
don't buy these sheets.they are thin and cheap.  basically you can get better sheets from walmart.  put a little more money toward your comfort and get some quality cotton sheets
farberware 3 pc poly cutting board set.ordered this as a result of your prior reviews, however i am disappointed.  from the 1st time i used each board, cut marks appeared and stayed.  i can see that i will be replacing these in the near future.  but, the sizes are very versatile
if "cheap" is your primary objective, this is the product for you..the only reason why i would recommend this product to anyone is because it's cheap.  but even then, i don't think that it's cheap price is worth its many cons.  a good cutting board is many things more than what this product offers.  so let's break this down:..pros:  .1.  cheap.2.  light.3.  easy to store and clean.4.  dishwasher safe..cons:.1.  do not be fooled by the claim of a built-in antimicrobial agent.  read their claim very carefully and consider what it means.  it does not mean that it will kill the bacteria that can cause food poisoning, it's just claiming to inhibit the growth of bacteria that cause odors and stains.  so sanitize the board thoroughly!!.2.  no shock absorption.  one of the best things about having a nice wood board that's over an inch thick is it's shock absorption fact, that greatly reduces the jarring and fatigue in your arm.  .3.  after it's been badly knife scarred, you will have to replace it.  wood has a true natural antimicrobial agent built in, it will last for many, many years with proper care.  plastic cannot make this claim because once it's knife scored, there's no turning back.  you will be able to see those knife scars as they will turn dark - that's filled with bacteria. at this point, scrubbing it with soap will clean it as thoroughly as brushing your teeth - meaning, it does nothing for what's inside those knife scars, same way that brushing your teeth does not get what's between your teeth.  soaking it in bleach will not get to the bacteria because of the vacuum effect - the same concept illustrated when you stick a straw into blue colored water, plug up the top to create a vacuum, then move the straw into another container filled with red colored water. just as long as you maintain that vacuum, the liquid in the red water will never mix with the blue in the straw unless if there was some way for you to force that red water into the straw as well. .so, yes, plastic is more sanitary than wood when it's brand new - but once it's badly knife scarred - and you see those scars darkening in color - replace it.  you might notice then that you'll have to replace it after a few months of daily use...that will make it more expensive to buy this product than a real good cutting board that should last you years..4.  aesthetics - it's ugly.  plain white - no personality...ewwww..5.  although they claim it's dishwasher safe, the plastic is still thin and can therefore warp under high heats of the dishwasher - so it may be safest to handwash if you don't want to take on that risk..6.  sizes.  the sizes that come in this 3-pack is only good for a person cooking for 1.  anyone trying to cook for two or more should really look for a larger cutting board.  i would say that an 18x12 board is the good, minimum size if you cook a lot for 2 people.  the largest board here is only 14.25 x 10.75".  the medium and small sizes are only good for small tasks, like cutting up an apple, making a sandwich, etc. .7.  they are thin and light, making them easy to manuever, but they will also move around on you while you're chopping, you can fix this by putting a non-slip pad/mat under it while you're working..8. plastic will dull your knives more than wood.  if you sharpen your knives yourself as i do, it's not that big a deal.  but just know that it is harder on your knives than wood.  if you have very expensive knives, this may be a factor...in conclusion - these boards are cheap, their easy.  don't expect them to last for years.  do some research and know what to expect as far as bacteria goes.  yes, plastic is more sanitary than wood, but not once it's knife scarred.  the "more sanitary" claim of plastic greatly goes downhill once it's knife scarred.  will it do the job of being a basic surface you can cut on?  yes.  will it suffice if you're looking for that truely great cutting board?  no.
poly want a new board?.the boards are lousy. bouncy, do not sit well on counter without a cloth base. no big deal. they are not at all resistant to knife marks, therefore they are all streaked with stain in the knife cracks.  must use bleach. not expensive so i guess i got what i paid for. would not recommend , though.
poly not so jolly.this 3-piece set has only one usable piece, that being the largest -- the 2 other pieces are too small and move around.  i wanted a medium weight, smaller piece due to my counter space, and that worked well.  however, the board has deep and unattractive cuts from dicing vegies and cutting meat.  i worry about getting it clean from bacteria.  i have used it only and short while and i feel that's about how long it's going to last
inconsistent.this torch seems to work just fine about one time out of twenty or so.  when it does work, the flame is long and easy to control, but most of the time, i find that it tends to randomly shut off, as the reviewer below described, or worse, it just sort of runs out of gas.  the flame will start out fine, then over the course of ten seconds or so, it runs completely out of juice.  you can fill it ready to burst, and it still does this.  unfortunately, i haven't found a hand torch that works any better, but if you're in the market, look around and try these out in person if you can.  i think the next one i buy will be one of those huge industrial-strength models from the hardware store.
chef's torch was defective.this torch was great for the few seconds that it actually worked.  it would sear pepper skins marvelously for 30-60 seconds and then just shut off.  either the stop would be spontaneous or the safety lock would click up and shut the torch off.  it then could not be turned on until a 10 minute or so cooldown had been allowed.  then the torch could be turned on and another 30 seconds or so of operation enjoyed.  overall, a disappointing item.
i got a $50 lemon!.i bought an extra battery as spare. unlike the original one that came with my roomba, this one doesn't always charge in 3 hours. sometimes it does, sometimes it doesn't. when it doesn't, it doesn't matter how long it is connected to the charger, it remains in a barely charged (orange light) state. i have to take it off the charger, run the vacuum once to the end song, plug it in the charger again and pray that it will work this time...too bad i didn't test it when i received it from amazon. i put it on the shelf and waited a year after my original battery died before i used this one. moral of the story - test the battery as soon as you get it.  don't assume it will work because it might not. i paid $50 for this lesson...roomba should either address this production issue or allow second sources to make this battery
amazon, irobot and target in cahoots.i ordered this today and expected it to be delivered by september 14-18. i read further that target would not have this until december 31. i had previously ordered this from the irobot people and they said it was back ordered with no date of delivery suggested. they were however offering a terrific discount on a trade in for a new machine with all the bells and whistles, which would be a lot more expensive than the 50 bucks for a new battery. this is deceptive business practices at it worst and i plan on repporting amazon, target and irobot to the bbb. i have canceled my order. the whole thing is very disturbing. btw, the vacumm was purchased in december as a gift to my wife. the battery has died and it appears no new one is available anywhere.
a toaster that cannot toast is not a toaster..i don't understand how a company can make a product and seemingly not even test it before it ships. this is about as good a toaster as my dishwasher. if you have the time to stuff the bread in twice you can eventually coax this thing into browning the toast ever so slightly. all of the buttons are nice and they have lights. with the wide variety of features, i can even set push a button so that it will toast bagels (make sure you follow the picto-gram on top so that your bagel will be properly oriented when it pops up to disappoint you). with the variety of buttons you can also not reheat something, not defrost something. and there is a cancel button, which is a nice feature since whacking the lever to get it to spit up the toast is far too hard to figure out for me...but i paid money for the thing and it is sitting on my kitchen counter mocking me. it is a nicely designed paperweight with nifty buttons and knobs. if that is what you are looking for buy one. actually, buy them all and save the world from this bread warmer, it sure isn't a toaster
broke first day!.my kids broke the lever first day we had this toaster!  i agree with other reviewers, it does not toast evenly..and i have it almost all the way dark just to get a good toast...bagel setting sucks too.. sorry!  shopping right now for something better...
toast two you.this toaster only slightly browns on the darkest setting and when i called customer service it was suggested that i toast on darkest setting then retoast on the third setting. toast twice, what is wrong with this picture
good lookin' but not so much with the toastin'...i really love the look of this toaster. too bad it doesn't actually toast. i even read the manual (who reads toaster manuals?) thinking the slightly warm not toasted result must have been operator error. turns out it just plain doesn't toast. also as far as user interface goes, it is much more clear to use numbers for the toasting level. the little shaded images of toast could be interpreted two ways. we tried both and still no toast:(
nice features, mediocre performance.although this unit has more features for the money than most, it fails in it's basic duty of toasting the items placed in it.  i prefer darker toast (an even brown on both sides or one side for a bagel) and waiting for two complete cycles at the highest setting to even get close to the desired color, seems excessive. this puppy is going back to the pound
stale water.this pitcher is cheap, and you get what you pay for.  it has very poor functional design.  the chamber that holds the water to be purified and the purifier will pop out of the pitcher while pouring water unless you pour at a very shallow angle.  and since there is no spout cover, the purified water will take on all the funky smells of your refrigerator if left to sit for too long
ruined my cake.i own many kitchenaid appliances and love the brand. i even own a silicone muffin pan which i love. this pan, however, is terrible. the cake did not bake completely and i had a terrible time trying to get it out of the pan. (yes, i sprayed the pan effectively.) do not waste your money! stick to the metal pans
stick with metal pans.this is a beautiful blue color, coordinates with my kitchen. however, i'll bake my poundcakes in my old, reliable metal pans. i tried to use this a few times, spraying every nook and cranny with baker's secret release spray. without fail, each time the cake stuck to the pan in a few places.
ionic pro 90ip1rcmb1 compact air purifier.doesn't seem to do much of anything. oh it pops and fizzes a little but after a week in a relatively dusty room there was almost nothing on the collection grids. and there isn't even a hint of ozone coming from it. i have an oreck air cleaner in a bedroom and a honeywell in another and they both suck those rooms clean.  save your money on this one and save for something that really works
not worth packing home.i washed the griddle prior to using it to fry an egg.  i used some olive oil on the griddle.   the coating stuck to the egg when i turned the egg over. the coating is not non-stick.  after several uses there are four spots where the coating has "ripped" off.  i used the grill to cook hamburgers once and i will go back to using my contact grill.  cooking the burgers is not as quick or easy as the contact grill is. to top off my disappoitment when put on the stove today i found that it had become warped.  when i want to cook pancakes next time i will use my 50+ year old cast iron griddle
junk.as everyone else has stated, this non-stick is very sticky.  gilled tortillas on one side, fajitas on the other.  both stuck.  it's almost as if they friggin bonded to the material.  the most disturbing part - when cleaning, i used a nylon brush.  the nylon brush started removing the finish. and the stuck-on food still wasn't coming off.  it looks like i'm going to have to throw this thing away and buy one from a better manufacturer
good quality but really really thin.i bought this comforter because of all the other positive reviews i read on the site.  the good news: the comforter arrived very promptly, even with the free standard shipping option. the cons: when i opened up the package, i was disappointed to see how light and thin the comforter was...definitely not something you can use to dive under the covers with on a cold winter's day.  it was thinner than a generic down comforter i bought at a local bed bath beyond (which cost less)!  it just wasn't as thick and warm as i had hoped.  after putting the comforter into my duvet cover you can barely tell there was anything inside. so despite the good quality construction, i am disappointed
useless bunwarmer.bunwarmer???  don't think so.  also, bunwarmer lid keeps falling off.  i have laid it to rest in storage until i get it to the goodwill charity
grill ok; the bun warmer blows.this is the second george foreman i've owned, so i have no issues with the grill itself per se.  the problem is that stupid bun warmer.  first, it doesn't really get hot enough to make the bun toasty, especially since the grill cooks the food so quickly.  second, it's too small to heat more than one bun at a time.  i don't know where they make the buns shown in photos where there are four open halves in there all at once with room to spare, but they don't sell buns that small around here.  and even if they did, who makes burgers the size of silver dollars?.but my main complaint of the bun warmer, and the reason you should avoid this product:  after using the grill about 5 times (and trying the bunwarmer itself twice)  the lid to the bunwarmer no longer latches into the top of the grill.  now, every time you open the grill the bunwarmer lid flops back off.  poor design, cheap material:  poor product..bottom line: i like the grill, it is very convenient, but do not buy one with a bun warmer
comfy but poor durability.after one wash cycle, these sheets split at the seams.  otherwise soft and comfortable
poor quality.this item had not yet been reviewed when i purchased it.  i usually am wary of products that haven't been assessed since i find the critiques so helpful. however, this looked like such a good deal for a 4 piece set that i purchased it anyway. unfortunately, i should have followed my regular shopping strategy. i was extremely disappointed when the hampers arrived. they do not seem sturdy, and some of the wicker weaving was already coming undone. because of the poor quality, i don't think they are worth the discounted price. i can't believe they would ever sell for what is being advertised as the original price.
pure junk......use a straw instead.amazon was selling this for a $1 not too long ago which is about .99 cents too much. you could get more suction out of a straw with holes punched out of it
got rust inside the kettle.well, this is a pretty kettle.  this sure lighted up my kitchen and i really liked it when i got it.  but after a couple of month i found some rust inside bottom of the kettle.  no way!  i did't abuse my kettle at all.  i have no idea how i got rust inside of it because i used it as i had used my old stainless kettle.  so i called the customer service and they promised me to send a new one if i send my kettle to them.  although i haven't got my new kettle, i am not sure if i want to use that kettle again.  i don't want to worry about rust all the time.  i think i need to find a different kettle
beware!  - my cat attacked me after watching this dvd.although my cat was very interested in watching all the critters on this dvd, i was pleased at first that he took such an interest.  the next day, i left the dvd on loop while i was away at work for over 9 hours. when i returned later that evening, within minutes, he aggressively attacked me--scratching my legs and foot and viciously biting my hand and arm. i was shocked at his ferocious behavior, and quite frankly, became frightened of this usually docile, male, neutered indoor house cat that i adopted from a shelter over 2 1/2 years ago.  i had to run from the room and shut the door to escape his attack.  he has never acted like that in the past and i can only attritube this behavior from becoming over-stimulated, and perhaps frustrated, from watching and hearing all the critters on this dvd and not being able to interact with them.   i have no other explanation -- so beware!  no where on this dvd, does it meaning a warning of this sort
don't order this from amazon!!!!.unless you want to wait over a month to get your product, don't bother placing an order for the riedel vinum martini glasses through amazon. the shipping reads the set will ship in 1-2 weeks. i ordered my set on sept. 5 and they still haven't shipped. not very truthful to customers, in my opinion. i would love to tell you if the glasses are any good or not, but amazon seems to be holding mine hostage. i will come back with a review of them as soon as i receive them, but please keep in mind it might not be until 2004..
displeased.i was rather disappointed to find out that i overpaid for this product. i found the same exact product on elitediscountproducts.com ten dollars cheaper. please take my advice and check this site before any other bakeware site
don't waste your money!.i thought "kitchenaid" this has to be a keeper. i was wrong. the handles are much too heavy. there's too much give with the spatulas. i find the utensils to be too bulky and uncomfortable. i'll stick to my other much cheaper temperature regulated utensils
cheap product.i was looking forward to a single-serve coffee maker since i am single and don't want to brew a whole pot every day (even a 4-cup pot was too much.)  in theory, this machine is a great idea.  the pods are convenient and i don't think they are particularly expensive (although i don't use them every day, so...)..my biggest problem was the cheap manufacture of the machine.  i don't care that it's plastic, but the open and close mechanism is nearly impossible to use.  its difficult to get it closed properly, and while struggling with that, you tend to unseat the pod and have to start all over.  once you finally get it closed, it performs well...if you like your coffee on the cool side.  add a little cold milk to your cup and you might as well just go ahead and ice it! it's also pretty loud, so much so that i worried my apartment neighbors would hear it.  once done, it's another struggle to get the thing open again to toss the used pod...like i said, single use machines are a great idea and work particularly well for me, but i'm buying myself a flavia.  it's more expensive, but we have one at my office and it's well worth it
worked for a year.i used this appliance on the weekends for the first 6 months. after that, i began using it for 2 cups a day, seven days a week. it's been a year and the pod holder and casing around the pod holder have completely cracked. it costs $16 (w/shipping) to order the replacement part. my recommendation is to put your money into something that will last longer
good for a cheap coffee maker.i don't drink a lot of coffee, but what i do drink needs to be good.  and frankly, i don't want to pay an arm and a leg for a coffee maker when i can get a good cup by throwing a handful of grounds into boiling water...that said, i am pleased with this machine.  works well, does not leak, and brews a good cup of coffee or cappucino.  it does have some quirks:..** the instructions assume you can intuit a lot of stuff (like how to use the pod holder).  badly done instructions that could use an overhaul...** the grid the cup sits on is supposed to allow for overflow, but instead allows spills to roll off the machine onto the counter.  bad design...** the pod holder arrangement is badly designed and manufactured.  it takes way too much pressure to lock into place, which is why people keep breaking their machines.  and if it is not fully locked, the machine refuses to work.  when brewing is done, it is hard to disengage the lock and get the pod out -- again, probably why folks break theirs...black and decker has quickly gained a reputation for mediocre small appliances that break down rapidly.  this machine isn't going to help that...i will likely upgrade and send this one to the guest house where it will see only limited use.
machine is junk.after only two packs of pods, the pod holder cracked apart.  the coffee is ok, but the machine no longer works properly
piece of junk.mine worked really well for about 6 months. one day it started spewing hot water all over the place. that was the end of that.
terrible.i was very disappointed,  the coffee had a burnt taste. the machine always shut off before it brewed a full cup. it fell apart after six months.
brookstone desk fan.i recently moved to an office that did not allow any fan that required electricity.  i ordered 3 of these brookstone fans, one for myself and the other two for co-workers. after 5 months only one of the fans is still working.  i would not recommend this fan
worked great - for 5 months.the fan worked great and is very quiet but the motor died after about 5 months and i have heard nothing from the brookstone customer service department.  very dissapointing
one-armed cookie press.just returned this heavy beast to the store. the single arm would sometimes flip over the rod that ratchets down to press dough, once filled it cannot be flipped back over the now extended rod. this tool has to be filled from the bottom, so you have to remove the pattern and it's holder to fill, there is no flat area or air escape on top, so you cannot rap it against the counter to seat the dough easily. you need your second hand to steady the other end, because once you start pressing this thing wants to kick out. three out of four cookies didn't turn out well, and i was using a recipe and pattern that was identical to one i have been using for decades. i have used a caulking gun-style press for years but the plastic parts do get fatigued and crack, and was hoping this more solid model would last longer, i loved the extra ring that stores all the disks and the handle folding flat for storage is a good idea in theory.
worst cookie press i've used.this press is very poorly designed and cheaply made. the ratcheting action, assuming that the racheting works at all and doesn't keep slipping, is so weak as to barely extrude the dough through the disc. i had to keep peeling half-made cookies off the bottom of the press and feeding the dough back through again. i am not kidding when i say that my arm was sore for 2 days afterward from struggling with this thing to make a single batch of spritz. it went into the trash as soon as the last cookie was agonizingly pressed out onto the cookie sheet.
terrible.this unit is unsuitable for most recipes.  any dough of even a moderate density (most recipes make dough very stiff) causes the ratchet mechanism to slip.  in all my many years of cooking, few things have causes me more frustration in the kitchen
horrible.i can not believe that i was fooled twice by wilton! first i bought the battery operated one and that just drained my new batteries within minutes - then i bought this one and what a piece of garbage, i was able to get 4 cookies before i realized that the inside metal rod pushed right past the plastic "dough pusher" i tried for a half hour to fix it and couldn't.  do not waste your money - this is horrible
i expected a better product from wilton.when i bought this cookie press i expected it to last a long time.  it has lasted 3 years and the last two have been a fight to get it to work correctly.  i have been making pressed cookies for 35 years and have never had so much trouble with a cookie press.  when you push down on the handle to press out a cookie sometimes it catches the notch on the push rod, sometimes it doesn't.  i get about half of the dough press out each cyliner full.  what a pain
swissmar epivac wine  champagne saver set, chrome.pump shipped to me did not work. i had to get a replacement from the manufacture.  it took several hours of effort to find manufacture's phone number and another week to get replacement pump
wasted my money..i bought this for a birthday gift for my husband.  he's getting into wines.  well we were very disappointed.  you need to pump forever and the seal does not hold.  don't waste your money.  if you want the air taken out either drink all the wine or use a vacuum sealer
spring broke....i loved this set of tongs and was using them for everything... but after less than a month the spring broke.. and they were garbage.  i question the listing as dishwasher safe because i can't think of any other reason the spring should have broken.  very disappointed and hesitant to replace them with another pair
nice while they lasted.the locking feature was great, it made them much more manageable while in use and for storage.  however, the plastic grips starting coming out very soon after i bought the tongs.  not long after that, the locking mechanism broke.  this made them very hard to use and store, so we chunked them and bought a different kind.  it is probably worth a little extra money to get tongs that last
mine rusted/be careful.i have owned mine for 1 month,i saw this morning it had rusted in several places.i am throwing them away and getting a new one
for the love of god... don't do it!.i am so easy to please, it wouldn't have taken much to thrill me, but these sheets are terrible and instantly pilled up the first time i washed them. we are buying a new house and saving pennies, so i am not replacing them yet, but every night feel each and every pill in the fabric.  ..walmart would be an improvement.  i would have been happy with anything, but these are ridiculous!  the seams were fraying after the first wash in cold water as recommended.  ..i'm too lazy to normally write reviews, but felt it was my civic duty to all people who sleep.  don't do it
400 count egyptian cotton sateen queen sheets, white.the sheets arrived on time..i washed them before using them..i could barely fit the fitted sheets on my mattress..i needed heop to pull the sheets on the corners..the sheets read that they can go on 18" mattress but i think its more like a 16".i really needed help.to get them on. also after a few washings the fabric began to get rough and pill. i now must flip the sheet wrong side up..i would not order these sheets.
this is a ripoff.description states that this fitted sheet will fit matresses up to 18".  when it arrived, the container states up to 16".  however the pocket is only 14" so there is no way it will fit a 16" matress let alone an 18" matress. it may actually work with a 12" or possibly a 13" matress
very disatfied with this item.i bought this item dec.2004. it was used only for making toast, and on april 10th, 2006 the upper heating elemte stopped working so i got intouch with the george foreman 8 in 1 toaster oven/brolier model no.grv660???? but they said i could not buy this part. very, very..thank * god bless,.wanda
not all that.the heat that escapes the flimsy door and "griddle top" makes for inacurate temperatures during cooking.  i have to use an oven thermometer and make sure the oven is pulled far away from any walls/cabinets.  i suggest you keep a close eye during use as it gets very hot on the outside. i agree with the other review "you get what you pay for
bad door.most ovens open top to bottom.. not here it has a spring on it and opens to the right which if your not fast will burn you. not as good as advertise
great looking but hard to clean.i thought this grater looked great out on the counter and it does shred ok.  the problem is cleaning it.  cheese and the like tend to get stuck up at the top which makes it very difficult to clean.  also, the little plastic feet started to come off so it wasn't worth it to even keep it anymore and we just pitched it
how is this an helpful item?.i bought two of these, first two times using them, everything stuck to them. in both cases i was making cookies (with a lot of butter). i didn't add any additional spray/lube/butter to the mat, because i thought that was the point of using them. theoretically cleanable in a dishwasher, but they're so floppy and large that it's impractical. i left them soak in the sink and the dough did come right off after a few minutes of soaking. but... how is this better than a regular cookie sheet? i can put that in the dishwasher. a cooking salesperson today told me she had the silpat (or similar) and they worked great. i told her mine stuck and she said, "oh, you must have the kitchenaid ones.".buy something else
too loud and annoying.for no apparent reason, every time a button is pressed a loud annoying noise is emitted.  too loud, too annoying...  fatal flaw..
stay away from this ghastly junk!!!.the worst toaster made ever. i trusted the brand name and got a toaster that burns everything on the number 1 or 2 setting. the controls are non-existent and the whole thing is cheap and flimsy. you get what you paid for. still it's over $10 down the drain since i have to get a decent one now..
i wouldn't give this toaster to my worst enemy!!.by far one of the worst toasters ever made...i guess you get what you pay for
this is the worst toaster ever!.it will either burn my toast, bagel, or muffin or else not toast it enough without even moving the controls up from the lowest setting.  what is the point of the controls?  they do do something but if you increase the setting, you will set off all the smoke alarms.  the only good thing was that it was cheap.  of course what did i expect, but how hard is it to make a toaster?
chefs stay away!.do not buy this roaster if you are at all serious about cooking.  it warped immediately in my 500 degree oven, the high temperature i used to start my thanksgiving turkey.   also completely useless over two burners to make gravy--everything immediately burned, it has major hot spots, and horrible heat conduction.  the bottom is, as another stated, like tinfoil. i was very surprised at the poor quality, being so happy with other cuisinart bakeware i have purchased. it is a waste of money and i am currently requesting a refund from amazon or cuisinart.  wish me luck
worthless roaster - tinfoil bottom.this pan is not a 180 dollar pan. i just received mine today, and it is a 19.99 quality pan (if that). the bottom does not have a enclosed aluminum disk as stated in the amazon product description, rather a very very thin stainless steel bottom. anything you might get at walmart or target for 20 dollars would be supperior to this roaster. it is not worth the postage to return to amazon
bad design.i used this oven a lot over the last couple of years. loved everything about it and was not bothered by the timer issue that other people talk about. although this size oven is a great alternative to cooking in a conventional oven, the negatives outweigh the benefits. it is not at all easy to clean, holds food stains on the outside  the door glass, and after about a year, the door started to jam (would not close without slamming it). we don't have a repair site nearby, so we just dealt with it. eventually, the door completely broke and now it is useless. i would not recommend this product.
not versatile for the money.bought this item 1 1/2 years ago . worked well until yesterday, the heating rods on the bottom part just stopped working.now it's out of warranty and we have to purchase a new toaster oven.surely, i won't be buying this same brand ever again--- and this was supposed to be a good brand !!!!do not buy this product!!!!!!!!
breaks easily.we liked this toaster...while it worked.  not long after purchasing it the timer broke and now it only turns off if you unplug it from the wall.  as a busy mom who has burned several loaves worth of toast at this point, needless to say i am done with this appliance
delonghi toaster oven.a lot of money for something that is already broken, having used it for less than 2 months.  no service center in my area and i have to mail it (at my expense) to a service center for repairs
don't use it outdoors.the squirrels in my back yard were able to gnaw through the lid. once the lid is destroyed, the product is useless. the manufacturer does not sell replacement lids.
great idea - terrible design.i bought this coffeemaker based on all the great reviews i saw for it and thought it was a brilliant idea.  well, it still is a brilliant idea, but the design is terrible.  there is a small plastic lever with a seal that is supposed to stop the water from leaking.  the lever is not tight enough or spring loaded.  the instructions state that the seal has to be flush to work properly.  the seal is too thick and too small around to be flush with the bottom.  i spent two hours trying to get this machine to not leak with no success.  i am returning it and going back to krups.  i guess hamilton beach has the same quality it always has
not worth it!.i'm a big kitchenaid fan, but this attachment is very poorly designed. you have to be able to roll out the dough to the exact width of the ravioli maker for this to work at all. then the amount of filling you put in needs to be precise. i'd rather make my ravioli by hand. i would get it done ten times quicker and wouldn't have to throw away batches of ravioli that are bursting or not sealing at all. a very frustrating product
made in china not france.although this has the t-fal name it is made in china and not france like the rest of the t-fal line.  the non-stick surface isn't very non-stick adn doesn't have the red dot to tell you when it gets hot like the rest of the t-fal line.  definitely not up to par like the rest.
too heavy, lids don't fit.the first shipment arrived with pieces broken.  the lids do not fit.  they are much too heavy
broken.the item arrived almost two months after i ordered it and it had a broken lid.
red color is a dingy grey/red.i ordered this for my wife to go with some other red cookware she owns. the set arrived intact, although oddly packaged, a small box inside a much too large outer box with inadequate bubble pillows (packing material) just thrown in. the outer box was pretty beaten up, with the tape split on two sides...although the dishes appear to be quite sturdy, we are planning to donate them to a charity. the color is a dingy grey red, not at all as pictured on amazon. the low price lured me in, i should have known better. as the saying goes, when something looks too good to be true, it usually is
this set needs to be packaged better!.as the previous reviewers stated, amazon has a problem shipping this set so that it arrives intact! the corningware box does not protect the set well enough for shipment with the insufficient amazon packing.  my first shipment arrived in pieces. replacement set also arrived broken! amazon wouldn't or couldn't send me what i needed to make a complete set. returned order. so, i am now searching for a set in the orlando area
clearly these should be packaged differently to ship.it was quite disappointing to receive the items broken. looking at the way this package was shipped, clearly the packaging would not protect this item from damage. this method of packaging breakables should clearly be changed. especially since, my order was not the only one to arrive broken. disappointing! the crumbs looked like the bowls could have been nice
horrible.i wonder if i received the same items as the other reviewers. it seems clogged from the beginning, will not keep pressure, so does not work at all right out of the box. horribl
way too small..this should be called a lime squeezer. anything larger than a lime is mangled. i have a large lemon tree and many lemons to squeeze. this thing is worthlass to me
more sculpture than broiler.my experience with this pan is that it lies flat when cool, but when heated and place beneath a broiler, it warps and twists into odd shapes.  my chicken breasts or steaks would literally slide to the lowest end of the rack.  it was a major frustration.  i threw away the rack and now my german shepherd eats from the lower pan
look elsewhere....like many of the reviews say - the broiler warped ridiculously on the first use
do not recommend this item!.i used this item only once, and the whole pan and grill are bent, distorted, and all scratched up on the bottom. i didnt even keep it close to the heat. i wasted my money on it , and if you buy it you will waste your money also
complete waste of money.i bought this because it was the only one i could find on the internet.  i was disappointed with it from the outset - the non-stick surface wore off very quickly - the pan warped the first time i broiled with it - and even before the non-stick surface wore out it wasn't very easy to clean.  one year later i am ready to toss the thing out, but i can't do that until i locate another broiler pan
do not buy this broiler pan.i have had two of these broiler pans withen a two year period, 1 year of this period i used a standard broiler pan that came with the oven i was using.  the first of the two pans that were perchased started to lose its no stick coating after 2-3 uses.  i continued to use the pan untill i could stand it no more.  not only does the non stick coating chip off but it also looses effectiveness after each use.  the second pan i only used for a short period of time because, like i said before i was using a standard pan.  now i have moved into an apartment where i needed a broiler pan, i think i have used it 3 times since moving in and the same thing is hapening. i am only writing this because i came online to look for another broiler pan and i just happend to see this ad.......
roshco nonstick broiler pan.do not buy this product.  not only did it warp the first time i used in, it was very difficult to clean.  we used it to cook a london broil.  both top and bottom warped and the meat almost fell off.  after we ate, the pan settled back into its original shape but hard to clean.  this is not good for a broiler pan and definitely not good for a non-stick product.  buyer beware
pretty with some flaws.i bought this teapot from amazon in 2005 and used it numerous times.  the material is great, heat retention is good, it looks very nice, and i had no problems cleaning it (i use a babybottle brush).  ..the tea infuser is not very effective though.  the holes are a bit on the large side, so any broken bits from whole tea leaves can still pass through.  and the infuser is too small for my taste to allow proper steeping of all the tea leaves, especially when i'm not planning to fill the pot to the brim (it doesn't extend deep enough).  so i don't use it at all (i put the leaves directly into the pot and use a strainer as i pour)...however, my biggest gripe is that the spout does tend to dribble after you pour.  so you have drops of tea trickling from the spout to the bottom in between pours, ending up with a wet spot on your table/counter.  i have to make sure i either wipe the spout in between pours, or set it on a dishtowel/paper napkin (unless i'm planning to pour tea to multiple cups in one session).  i found that pretty annoying...so in conclusion, for the price i paid for this teapot's supposedly wonderful features, i don't think it was a good buy.
in the running for worst teapot ever....yes, it is pretty. no, it is not a good teapot. i have made tea for over 40 years, in all sorts of pots, and this is right up there with the worst. it drips a lot! perhaps those who think it does not drip were just looking at the spout. and no, it does not drip from the spout. rather, lots of tea runs down the underside of the spout and ends in a big puddle under the pot.  this happens with both fast and slow pouring, with full and near empty pots.  this teapot will most likely have to become a pretty red flowerpot. just too much mopping up
died after 2 uses.i loved the functionality of this little processor and the fact that it takes up so little counter space. it did a great job making pesto for 2, and the texture was perfect. i was so disappointed when the motor died after 2 uses. after reading the other reviews here, i won't waste additional money returning it to cuisinart. i agree with the reviewer who wrote they should be ashamed of putting their name on such a poor quality product
unbelievable.this chopper is just unbelievable. the blades aren't even sharp and it just mushes up the food no matter what you try. it dosen't even puree very good either. and it broke after very little use. cuisinart makes excellent full-size food processors but sad-quality small ones. the whole point in having a chopper is so that it will chop! not mash everything up! and as far as i'm concerned i could care less about these supposed choppers because none of them really work. it's best to just chop up vegetables normally with a knife unless you want mashy, juicey clumps of food. one more thing, it made a hell of a mess
there are better options.i owned one of these a couple years ago and decided to sell it at a garage sale.  like others have said, you can keep the bowl in the freezer and make ice cream whenever you want to.  however, i found that i rarely wanted to stand there and turn the crank by hand for that many minutes.  there are several much better options.  cuisinart came out with an electric powered unit.  and kitchenaid makes an attachment for their stand mixes.  i own the cuisinart double bowl model.  we absolutely love it and no more sore arms
wires too flexible, they just clump together.usually oxo products are fairly tough and durable, but not this one. it is impossible to cut cold butter and flower with this blender because the wires just clump all together. you would have better luck with a fork and that isn't saying much...i haven't found a replacement product, but i have seen ones that have solid metal stripes rather than wires.
what a disappointment.i bought this reluctantly because i needed a pastry blender and this is the only one i could find.  after reading the other reviews, i figured it would be fine.  big mistake.  the butter pushed the wires around at first, then got stuck all over them rather than actually being blended into my dry ingredients.  after two solid minutes of attempting to cut in the butter, i decided i could do better with my fingers.  i was done in seconds instead of minutes.  i will never use this or any other pastry blender again
not good for this price.this is a decent looking toaster but does not have 50 dollar performance.  it toasts very unevenly, even burning parts of the waffle or bread.  you can work around this by babysitting your food but that is not what i wanted in toaster oven that is this expensive.  i would be totally fine with it's performance had i only spent $20 on it.  i returned mine and bought a digital de'longhi that is about $65 dollars list price.  it has the same problem!  i'm considering buying a regular toaster and just using my big oven for heating sandwiches etc
extremely dangerous piece of junk.i was in the kitchen and the piece of bread i put in to toast blew up in flames. this item is made very cheaply. why would they even make a toaster oven where there is no indication or bell when the toasting is complete?  or else a safety feature that turns itself off if it overheats?.i agree with the other reviews that it is nearly impossible to open or close without reaching in and moving the rack and the tray doesn't come out very far..when i turned it on the entire chrome top of the oven became dangerously hot. even 5 minutes after it's done and turned off, i still couldn't leave it alone and i would never ever have my kids use it...i've had a black  toaster before for sixteen years without any problems that worked great. this one cooks much too fast and burns the food and in my situation almost my kitchen. i am sure i got a defective one.
very disappointed.i bought this urn to be used for parent functions at our school site.  twice it was used and worked very well.  the third time nothing would turn on.  it was still under warranty so i took it in on june 14, 2006.  i have been calling every month since and have been told it needs two parts which the appliance store has not yet received from delonghi.  we have since bought a not so pretty urn, at almost half the price, but which works consistently.  a very pretty piece of junk is what i would label this brand
shortlived coffee maker.i purchased this coffeemaker for our school to use for large groups.  it was used about 6 times and then it quit working.  we were very careful to not immerse the pot in water, and one day it just quit working.  i would not buy another pot by this company
delonghi dcu72.we bought this unit brand new.  we were able to use it only two (2) times before the electronic board in the bottom of the urn went toes up.  we were very careful not to get any of this wet as some folks might think.  i am a plant engineer with many hours of fixing under my belt.  i called delonghi for a replacement urn.  i was told that it was not warranteed.  i had this for less than a year.  i then asked if they would sell me a new board.  answer, no!  it is a liability thing you see.  the bottom line is: delonghi makes junk!!!  in my opinion.  they look nice but don't work for @#$%.  thank you delonghi.  i will never purchase another one of your products.  cd
junk, looks beautiful but parts are cheap.i purchased one of these urns through the internet in anticipation of a party that i was having.  the urn arrived with a broken glass "coffee indicator" tube.  i sent it back and received another unit.  ..of course now i wasn't able to have the coffee urn ready for the party but i still wanted it.  ..the new unit arrived and also had a broken glass "coffee indicator" tube.  after arguing with the shipper, they finally decided to send a brand new glass "coffee indicator" tube.  ..the new glass tube arrived and i gently placed it in the bottom plastic piece piece of the urn.  as soon as i started gently screwing the top piece piece on to secure the tube.....it broke...that's 3 cheap glass tubes that have now broken on this coffee urn.  ..i was so excited for this "ultimate coffee urn" to arrive but i've had nothing but trouble with it since it did...i'm back to using my cuisinart coffee maker and when lots of people show up, i just end up brewing multiple pots.
fair, but there are better choices.i made the mistake of investing in a set of calphalon about 4 years ago. almost immediately, the pans began getting ugly scratches on the outside. it seems to happen no matter how careful you are. on the plus side, the non-stick coating is durable, and the cookware is quite heavy and made well. but for this kind of money, you should get a set of cookware that (a: you can toss in the dishwasher, and (b: has a more durable exterior finish
not as good as expected.i was looking for a good set of cookware that might last a lifetime.  i figured if i spent around $500 that this should be a very reliable set.  i've had them about three months now and two of the pans have nicks in them already.  one has a pretty good sized scratch. never used metal utensils or heated pans too quickly, so i don't know how this could happen.  i suppose when the pans are heated the integrity of the coating suffers. not good for a $500 set of non-stick.  i'm thinking now i should have gone with my original thinking and got stainless steel.  clean up is a bit tougher with stainless but with the right product (kleen king) you can shine them right back up while washing them.  my parents have a set of stainless steel that they've had for 30 years and they still look new.  what was i thinking
disappointment with vendor and product.i received the organizer from office depot-completely broken. i called them for their procedure on returns, asked for a ups p/u from my office. they said absolutely no problem. they ended up with a p/u from my home address..wrong! they finally picked up the item a couple days later. today i receive emails saying they refunded me the amount-well less than the amount. after emails and phone calls maybe it was straightened out.i will see. i wasted more of my time than this was worth. office depot customer no-service dept has the brain power of a peanut. the organizer is not well made-cheap quality. i ordered one from qvc and it is gorgeous. .do not order from office depot unless you want a headache
displeased.i recieved the order of churchill china finlandia mugs today and was very displeased to see that they were made in columbia and not in england as stated in the product description. they are not of the same quality as the churchill china that is made in england that i own and appear to be a cheaper knock-off of the better english china. sending them all back and shopping somewhere else.
a good workman needs tools that work....this is in response to another reviewer who blames the people and not the villa pasta maker for the substandard product it makes and the horrible quality of the machine. all i can say to this person is that they'd probably be happy with with a brand new car without tires...let's review this pathetic pasta maker:.1) it rusts.2) the shining chrome comes off and into your pasta..3) if you like motor oil in your pasta, you'll love this machine..4) it is cheaply made..5) it doesn't work even after you read the instructions..6) it is a waste of money and not worth the value.7) there are so many better machines out there..8) it makes a big mess, and that is all it makes...i'll never buy another villa product again
don't buy these sheets.they are thin and cheap.  basically you can get better sheets from walmart.  put a little more money toward your comfort and get some quality cotton sheets
portable ice maker.i do not recommend this item to anyone!  it was sent to me not working and now they won't refund my money, they want to send me a new one!  no thank you.  company is horrible to deal with and attitude is terrible too!  buyer beware!!!!!!!!
substandard item.i had this product for 5 weeks and it has officially stopped functioning.  trying to get customer assistance from sunpentown is worse than pulling teeth. i do not recommend this product
useless.i bought this 2 years ago from amazon for $21.99 and i think i only used it once when i first purchased it.  it is too small to steam anything.  and, when you do steam and place it on top of the holes, it takes a very long time to steam because the steam can't come up.  that is why i never use it
i do not recommend.i do not like click clack containers.  i do not think they are truly airtight.  they are also difficult to wash and dry.  even with hand washing, water gets in the lid and it hard to remove.  i do not recommend click clacks.  i really like snapware containers and lock and lock containers.
stay away from these towels..i bought these before other parts of the set were offered.  i was under the impression from the way they were advertised that you got a bath towel, hand towel, and wash cloth.  i paid 19.99 for the bath towel alone and bought two.  i was disappointed when i got them, but i was travelling so i had to move on and didn't go through the hassle of sending them back....i washed the towels before i used them to make sure that they were colorfast and they are not.  i don't know how many washings it will take before they stop bleeding.  they are large and soft, but they "shed"  over everything.  literally.  anything that you wash will have red "balls" all over them (other towels, underwear) and when i shower, my tub is filled with red "balls" and red residue in the tub.  there are red "balls" on the floor - just everywhere....i don't know if this is particular to all the towels, but just be aware
don't waste your money.unfortunately this is the only brand name steam cleaner available at my local target in this price range. i'm on my third one (i should've just bought an upright steam cleaner to begin with.) after a few uses the first one started emitting a foul odor when i used it. i thought maybe it had absorbed odor from some of the stains (pet stains) and cleaned it thoroughly after each use, but it kept getting worse, even if i was just cleaning up a spilled beverage. then the cheap plastic that holds the cleaning fluid cracked. i threw it out and bought another, and had the same issue. ..i stopped using the suggested cleaner, and instead used a heavy duty spray cleaner and the odor problem desisted, and the stains were actually removed more easily. however, the cheap plastic broke yet again. i wouldn't have bothered with another but like i said, it's the only thing under $50 at my local target.  between this and the disaster i had with a bissell vacuum, i'll never buy anything bissell again. ..do yourself a favor, break down and get a small upright instead. you'll save yourself money and frustration.
not worth the money.this does a poor job of cleaning and dosent get the shampoo back up.  the fabric stays soaked
bissell 1719b spotlifter 2x portable deep cleaner carpet cleaner.i think this product is a huge waste of money. i plan to send it back. i bought it to clean up cat regurgitation. after reading the directions i tried it on a spot and spent about 10 minutes running it back and forth in the manner recommended in the directions. it had no effect whatsoever on the spot, which was fresh. i then cleaned up the spot with a cloth and some resolve spray. .if you need something that actually works don't buy this product
definitely not happy.this wok is useless on electric cook tops because of the small flat bottom. i would imagine it might work better with gas stoves though
junk.i bought a farberware kettle.  the boiled water had black specs in it.  no amount of cleaning ever made it come out with water as clean as went into it
black particles.i have washed this several times with soap and boiled water several times. there are several black particles that have been washed out which should not have been there in the first place. if i wipe the interior with a napkin in certain places, i get a black residue. i am afraid of it never being completely clean so there is no reason to risk one's health on a crappy or defective product. this one is going back
bad product.i am writing this review after buying a new cookset to replace this very one.  the lids to the set fell apart and so are the pans.  i've only had it a year and a half!  i bought it because it was t-fal and i thought that it would be a good product. don't waste your money
warning!  do not buy!.at first i thought this coffee maker would be the ideal product for my wife and me, so we splurged and blew $99.  the first problem appeared readily when we filled the reservoir.  if you don't heed my warning, and you purchase this item, make sure you also obtain a large funnel or at least own something that can pour accurately into a 1 inch wide opening.  otherwise, place the machine on a towel as water drips behind and under it as you attempt to fill the reservoir.  after 4 months we found that the program auto-on no longer functioned.  then 6 months later my wife said she had to turn the "on" switch  twice to get the coffee maker to function.  when this happened to me as well, i realized that we might not have coffee for breakfast much longer.  sure enough, a few weeks later, the switch failed completely..after looking up the warranty, which is a 3-yr one by the way, i called the 800 number to see if there were any service centers near me, which of course there weren't.  the customer service representative was only concerned  with whether we had used the charcoal filter (which we had even though all of our drinking water is already filtered), and whether we had cleaned the maker with vinegar.  somehow i fail to see how cleaning the machine has anything to do with an electronic switch failure.  at any rate, i finally cried "uncle" and hurled the offending appliance into the dumpster, along with the worthless warranty.  then we purchased a hamilton beach with all the same functions not to mention a one-hand dispensing feature and simpler programming at half the price.  it may not be a ritzy stainless steel cube, but it works fine, so far
good coffee - bad quality control.i am about to return my third dcc-2000. these coffeemakers make great coffee and they are just the style i want. everything worked great on the first one, but it only made one pot of coffee and then everything died. i returned it and got another one. the second one kept brewing ok, but i was never able to set the time of day or the auto on/auto off times. i took that one back and got a third one. this one is like the second one except that i can set auto on and off times, but still can't set the time of day...i really like the coffeemaker itself, if i could only get one where everything works for more than 24 hours. i waited two weeks before returning the second one in the hopes of getting one from a different batch. i'll wait 3 weeks before returning this third one. then i'll keep returning the dcc-2000's every three weeks until i get a good one or cuisinart quits making them...i buy a lot through amazon, but i'm glad i bought this from the lowes that's two miles away. this item is two unreliable to buy online. the shipping would drive you nuts
died pretty fast....bought this fan july 12, fan stopped working sept 7...worked great for 2 months, but only 2 months?  terrible....
stick with a scoop.although it's easy to dig into ice cream with this spade, the result is more like a slab of ice cream than a scoop. overall, a traditional ice cream scoop is easier to use. i would suggest the oxo good grips nonstick  ice cream scoop instead
problem with spring, too..bought in 12/05.  i too have a problem with the spring popping out.  it appears that the locking mechanism is the cause.  not well engineered.  i removed the locking mechanism with pliers.  would not recommend
heatless.i agree with the other reviewer - unless the positive reviewers somehow got a different heater - this heater sucks even as a fan (which is one of it's modes)..the low setting is barely noticeable, even after 30 minutes..the high setting is noticeable - if you are within 6 inches...the fan maybe part of the problem - its just slightly more airflow than the fans they put in computers - nothing to the throw the little heat it creates...strap this thing onto your face with duct tape and it might be useful.  pretty much the only thing i like about is its looks...sending it back
"heater" is too cool - really.what can i say that's good?  well the fan works. as far as heating goes - it doesn't. even at the high setting, it fails to provide any noticable heat from 12" away. the fan is very low powered and barely moves any air, but no need anyway because there is no heated air to move. a waste of money
don't get these, get he $49.99 pacific coast eurofeather pillows.i have a set of the $49.99 pillows that are titled "pacific coast feather eurofeather queen pillows, set of 2".."pillows" instead of this item which has "pillow".  it is well worth the $20, these cheap pillows are no were near as conforming as the $49.99 version.   you can really feel the quills through the pillow but with a pillow cover not as much.  i would recommend the $49.99 versions but not the $29.99 ones
very disappointing!.i was skeptical about the quality of these pillows at such a low price but the reviews were so positive that i thought i'd give them a try anyway.  upon receiving them, i'm led to believe that the reviews are actually for a different pillow in the pacific coast line.  i did not have high expectations because i knew they were feather, not down, but i found them to be heavy and dense.  but worst of all, the quot;special finishing that makes them leak proofquot; crackles because there is evidently a layer of plastic/vinyl which serves to prevent the feathers from poking through.  oh well, i guess i should have know better... i'll be returning them
not dishwasher safe.i've owned this unit for just over a year. it fried fine and there was some problems i overlooked. when i closed the top, steam would stream out the top of it throught the filter. my whole house and i smelled like oil whenever it was on. even after putting a new filter in. also, the unit overflowed on me. i should have replaced the oil sooner. however, when i wiped off the outside with softscrub, along with the oil, the writing on the body came off. also, the timer stopped working after the overflow. i chalked this up to learning experience. recently i moved, and now have a dishwasher. the first and last time i put the dishwasher-safe tub into the dishwasher, the non-stick coating peeled off. i called t-fal, and the unit is only warrantied for a year. i think that's pretty crappy customer service
lid does not stay closed.as mentioned by others, i found the lid does not stay closed.  after 2-3 batches, the lid would no longer remain closed.  the latches are cheap plastic as is the basket handle assembly.  i do not recommend this product for safety reasons.  i am returning mine as soon as the oil cools and i can remove the oil and clean up the machine
broken dreams.do not even bother ordering this item.  amazon has no idea how to pack dishes for shipping.  two shipments arrived as perfect undamaged boxes full of broken dishes.  i did not even bother to open them...don't was your time
buyer beware.while corelle's new dishware designs are fabulous, beware the reality of corelle dish breakage and this company's poor customer service response.  i have young children and pets in our home; thus i thought corelle would be a wise choice because of their supposed anti-chip/anti-crack reputation.  in fact on three separate instances of corelle bowls being dropped on the kitchen floor, they bounced then shattered into very, very sharp shards with razor-like edges--much sharper than broken stoneware and china i've seen.  perhaps most disappointing is that my e-mail communication with corelle's customer service has been completely ignored.  i've written twice, verified their receipt of my correspondence--and thus far, they've not responded.  seriously think twice about owning corelle--it's not a product i'd recommend around children, or household pets.
super breakable!.were great until they broke in the sink while washing...  too fragile for everyday use.
first impression-not good.well, they are red... and they have see-through glass lids..after reading lots of reviews for this product, i went ahead and purchased it.  it came today, and i was shocked at how insubstantial it is.  when folks said "light" they should have said "flimsy".  i thought light would be okay because my wrists bother sometimes. also the handles are hollow tubes of metal bolted to the body of the pans.  that's gonna get real, real hot.  i'll see how it cooks though. the lids are nice and heavy and i think the straining feature will be of good use..in the past i have had revere ware which i liked but didn't like the nonstick.  i also have a (still) decent set of t-fal which has lasted more than 10 years now with no complaints.  pick up the same size pot in t-fal and this set of farberware and it's like holding a coconut in one hand and a marshmallow in the other. .but...they are red!!! (which is why i had to buy them in the first place
pass on this set....the box was crushed inside an amazon box and taped back together.  the handles are hollow, therefore impossible to really clean.  the handles heat up immediately so you need a pot holder.  the metal is very thin and light.  i saw better product at target with less pieces for the money and much higher quality.  i'm very disappointed.  the picture of the product is very misleading (especially the handles).  quality is poor.  i'd send it back but too much red tape with amazon return policy, so not worth it.  don't buy this product
breaking and cracking and throwing out, oh my..we bought these for our girls (2 and 5) so that they would have every day dishes matching our stoneware..it was a nice idea, but we now have one out of the original 4 bowls left as the others have all cracked and been thrown out..they have not been dropped or abused (contrary to what you might think two kids would do to them) and have been washed in the dishwasher on no heat dry..be careful with them if you do get them as they don't seem to hold up to every day use very well (we have had them about 4 1/2 months
ceramic? i think not..as pointed out by the previous reviewer - this is not a ceramic rice bowl, it is made out of plastic, and isn't even suitable for the microwave. very disappointed to find this out after ordering (prior to the previous review)
disappointed with knives.my mother looked for a long time to replace her existing set, and fell in love with the camlynn pattern.  after about a month, just about all the knives started to show rust spots in the groove. .it was not the dishwasher detergent that was the problem.  she does have hard water, but that does not explain the rust.  she was .brokenhearted, but returned the set for a refund
well made unit that suffers from a fatal design flaw.this seems to be a well made product, and if not for one tremendous flaw i could somewhat recommend it.. .the manufacturer got a the hardware design and functionally right.  the temperature readings are very accurate.  the view-screen tilts for easy reading, even on pots with sloping sides.  and having the 14 most common candy and oil temperatures stored in the unit for easy selection is a nice addition, unfortunately it's also the maverick's achilles heel...because if you ever want to cook something at a temperature 'other' than those 14 presets, you may as well use a cheap analog thermometer.  unlike any other digital thermometer i've ever used, the maverick does not permit setting of custom temperature alarms.  you'll either use their 14 alarm presets or nothing at all.  ..certainly the unit will display whatever temperature it is currently reading, but so can any $3 analog candy thermometer.  in my mind, the primary purpose of a digital thermometer is to alert a cook when a specific temperature is reached.   not allowing the cook to set alarms at their chosen temperatures is a ridiculous and fatal defect. .  .the unit does have some issues even aside from that major flaw.  the 14 available temperatures are selected from an lcd display, unfortunately the text on the display is very  tiny it's awfully difficult to read.  i have good eyesight, those suffering even moderate nearsightedness will be unable to read this display unassisted.  this tiny-text problem seems also to a consequence of those 14 presets.   if this thermometer worked like most other digital thermometers, the display would be more than big enough show 3 digit temperatures in huge lettering.  but those 14 presets have too much text to be displayed at anything other than a tiny size on the unit's screen...this product also misses the mark in catering to the needs of cooks.  in candy making, knowing when candy has dropped to a certain temperature is just as important as knowing the highest temperature reached.  this unit has no function for setting alarms at cooling temperatures...this product shares it's reason for failure with many other failed electronic products.  it has good hardware but very poorly designed software (firmware).  the fixes should be simple by software standards.  the designers need to ditch 14 presets, allow setting of alarms for any user-defined high and low temperature, and increase the text size.  those few changes would turn this lemon into an amazing kitchen tool.  but if it remains as it is, it will be just another piece of kitchen junk to clutter your drawer
worst towels ever.i bought four of these towels in february 05.  only 10 months later the seams on all four have come apart and the towels are fraying.  had that not happened, they are still low quality cotton -- stiff, not soft, despite repeated washings and with small areas in which the color dye (mine are cinnamon) has washed away.  i have had martex towels before, but these are so shoddy that i suspect this is a new bargain line at a much lower quality level.  in a word, they are junk.  amazon should know better
reusable filter makes weak coffee every time.the reusable filter was the feature that sold me on the keurig k-cup machine. i love the coffees available in k-cups, but like my own coffees at times too..the filter brews are never at normal strength because the stream of water passes thru the grounds so fast it doesn't allow for the flavor to accrue. i'v tried all grind options, but noithing works. have any users found the solution?
useless.i purchased 2 of these products and both were no good. the material they are made of chips off in small pieces, until the product begins to leak coffee all over the place. i feel this a manufacturing problem which the company needs to  correct. with the price being what it is i cannot feel justified in buying another. i have stored the coffee maker. i cannot use it
good idea - bad design.the only reason we bought the keurig machine was because these reusable cups were available. otherwise, the concept of individually packaged single use plastic containers is just environmentally irresponsible. ..these k-cups are almost as disposable as the prepackaged coffee cups...the problem with them is that the screw flange around the top eventually breaks off. we've been through four already and are on our fifth. they are too brittle, and no amount of care or vigilance will prevent them from breaking...keurig has been pretty good about replacing them, but don't seem to pass the info within the company up to rd to fix what must be a huge problem for them
not what they seem....i purchased this set of flatware because i wanted a set to match my red appliances.  i feel really dissapointed in this purchase.  the handles are not riveted as they appear. i thought these were all stainless steel with the red plastic part actually riveted on like the ones i have seen in stores.  they're not. the handles are plastic and the silver parts are painted on.  the paint job was poor.  the painted "rivets" were smeared on a couple of the handles and the silver paint was scratched and rubbed off on the ends of the handles exposing the black plastic underneath.  .the color of the red shown in the picture is not accurate.  the handles are actually a really dark red that is almost burgandy.  .the stand is some kind of cheap metal painted to look like stainless steel..i spent several days searching the internet to find what i thought would be the perfect set of flatware to accent my newly redecorated kitchen.  i wasted a lot of time.   i expected more from cooking.com.  i was under the impression that they carried better merchandise.  this is the set that you should be able to pick up at wal-mart for $9.99 when you leave for college. in fact, my teenage daughter is moving out at the end of the year.  i think i'll give these to her and buy a better set from a better company.  what a waste!  i paid over 30.00 dollars for these after shipping!  i probably won't shop at cooking.com anymore
works well but problems with the cover.the kitchencalc does conversions as promised and is very good at them. the timing functions also work...but, the device came with a flexible plastic cover to allow it to be used in a cooking envronment. to put the cover on, you need to stretch it to the point that several keys at the edge are forced down. this keeps the calculator from working...how can a product be sold without even minimal functionality testing? yes - it calculates. but, no, the kitchencalc is not splashproof. didn't anyone try using the calculator with the flexible plastic shield on?..it's worth buying, but keep it clear of the cooking area. rated 2 stars because the lack of a functional cover keeps it from being used in the food-preparation area
leaks.i love the concept of this coffe maker, but it leaks.  it also makes a lot of condensation on the lid.  doesn't quite keep the coffee hot enough.
does not work for long.this coffeemaker began leaking months after buying it.  it never successfully kept the coffee hot and shuts itself off soon after brewing anyway.  waste of money
idea good but very messy.i loved the idea of the hamilton beach brew master. however, the first one i got 2 years ago after putting it on my amazon wish list. it worked great for a while then started constantly leaking. thinking it was just a fluke, i got another one. this one was worse than the first. every day i am cleaning up puddles of coffee on my counter. this machine leaks alot. i would not recommend it
coffee puddles galore.i bought this coffee maker attracted by the features-no carafe-auto shut off.  i still love that aspect of the machine however i have constant puddles of coffee on my countertop.  i am about to throw it away after only six months and bring the old bunn cofeemaker that i have had for 15 years out of storage and had kept "just in case".  the concept of the auto shut off is great but if i don't drain any left over cofee out of the machine it all winds up on my counter --so i might as well just turn it off anyway.  i had read the reviews where people complained about the drip but thought "how bad can a little drip be".  this is not a little drip.  it will entirely drain the machine if not emptied. trust the reviews.  do not buy this machine
short lifespan.i received this coffee maker as a christmas gift in 2004.  we have used it almost daily for the past 15 months.  the past few days it became evident that the coffee was not remaining warm.  i checked the keep warm plate and it was cool to the touch.  made another pot of coffee and checked the keep warm plate soon after the coffee finished brewing.  it was again cool.  my husband disassembled the pot and checked the keep warm unit on his meter and found that it no longer worked.  i think 15 months is a very short life span for a coffee maker costing [...]
batteries are shot after 1.5 years.when new, this is a great dustbuster.  however, as a christmas gift in december 2004 that has been operated for less than 4 hours of its life, i was surprised to see the batteries go bad so quickly.  after 72 hours of charging, it can sustain about 2.5 minutes of low-power vacuuming.  the batteries do not appear to be easily accessible, and i have not been able to find any place on the internet who sells them.  not recommended
batteries won't last.i bought this just over a year ago and it worked great for the first few months.  now it is worthless, the thing dies within seconds.  i am not exaggerating at all, if you started the vac at the same time you started reading this review it would have been dead by now.
you get what you pay for.on the second day the little spokes that hold on the lid broke. we decided we could live with that. then things got worse. there was no way to ever pour coffee or water from the carafe without spilling. we poured over the sink. but what sent me to macy's yesterday to get a new coffee maker was the on-off switch. we frequently found it on when we hadn't intended. it was too easily bumped when working in the kitchen. the machine started the other evening 45 minutes after my husband had filled the tank with water, but while the carafe was still in the dishwasher. by the time we heard the last gurgles from the other room there was hot water all over the kitchen counter. the on-off switch had been sitting in a half-way possition. i must admit that the coffee was good. we thought we were being very frugal getting a good deal, but not in the long run.
you need to drill into your wall (or tile) to install this!.the product arrives without any good directions and unfortunately requires that you drill into your bathroom/shower walls to install it. we have a tiled shower, and i don't want to drill holes in the tile to install an a shower "arc". our previous wal-mart grade shower bar has rubber ends and adjusts to securely fit in our shower. i wish amazon would have provided a better warning as to the nature of the installation before advertising this product so aggressively. i guess this falls into the "seemed like a good idea at the time" category. if they could have developed an adhesive based alternative to securing the bar ends, then maybe i could have given it a bona fide try. too bad
misleading ad.i thought those looking for a mezzaluna should know that this item is not as advertised.  it measures only 5.5x4.5x1.0.  it is 1/2 the advertised size...buyer beware!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
one blade is better.mezzalunas are great, but any w/ two blades are too tough to clean and get the minced items out from between the blades.  my advice is to buy one of the many models w/ a single blade
cuisinart cek-40 electric knife -- needs to be modified.i bought this knife and wanted to use it to carve up a roasted pig for a luau party i was having. the knife was a little under powered, it seemed to struggle when cutting larger slices. the pig was quite large (60 lbs) and after about 20 minutes of continuous use the knife became quite warm and stopped working. after a few choice explectives i handed it to my husband. lucky for me my husband is a mechanical engineer who owns his own business which includes a metal working machine shop. later that week he took it apart and discovered that there is a very fragile plastic nylon gear that is part of the main drive. the plastic teeth on the gear were stripped and that is why the knife stopped working. he told me he did a few quick gear calculations (he is a smart fellow) and determined that the plastic nylon gear teeth strength was way underpowered for the design. he was able to make a duplicate gear out of stainless steel in his machine shop and assembled the new metal gear into the knife replacing the junk plastic one. since that time the knife has worked flawless. i have since carved all sorts of roasts, pork, turkeys and no matter how long or hard the carving is, even if i hit a bone, it never stopped working. the cuisinart engineers should be embarrased, this is such an easy fix to make (all they need to do is change out the plastic nylon gear for a metal one, maybe cost them an extra 10 cents?), it is like they never did any research and developement on this product because i know if they tried to cut anything other then bread the dam knife would stop working after about 10 minutes of use. i would say that all the good reviews here are from people slicing bread, if you want to slice meat and use the knife for more then 10 minutes you will need to find an engineer and a machine shop to replace the plastic gear, after that it works great.
worthless junk.first of all, this knife is underpowered. it bogs down easily and the blades feel reluctant to slice into anything. but there is also a fatal design flaw. the internal mechanism of this knife uses a stainless steel worm gear to drive a nylon circular gear which in turn drives the blades. the second time i used the knife (on thanksgiving) the blades siezed up on a piece of turkey bone. the nylon gear ceased turning because of that but the worm gear continued to spin. i took it apart to see why the knife blades no longer moved even though the motor whirred away. result? the nylon gear is stripped and the knife is irreparably dead. it isn't that hard to design a mechanism with a safety cutout to separate the gears if one stops rotating (or alternatively, to build both gears out of stainless steel) and given the fact that this is by far the most expensive electric knife there is, cuisinart certainly should have been able to do so. a knife that disintegrates as soon as it hits something tough is worthless junk. this one cost me $25 per cut
watch your fingers.i was rather surprised when i plugged in the electric knife and it immediately started going.  the switch on the handle which includes special lock-safe had no effect..in addition, the knives did not lock flush into the handle.   i would guess that this is a manufacturing defect.  if you buy this product,  please assume that the knife will be cutting the instance that you plug it into the wall and save your fingers.  as advertised, the knives are very sharp and will cut well
cheap parts.this toaster is cheap and awful. the lever that holds the toast down would not stay down and eventually broke off completely. it never toasted evenly. stay away from cuisinart
poor, uneven toasting.worst toaster i've ever had, when it comes to even toasting.  the bottom 1/2 to 1 inch of bread is almost completely not toasted.  i've sent complaint to cuisinart but have yet to hear back from them.  i've enjoyed other products from cuisinart but not this.  not worth the money and i do not recommend this product to anyone in the market for a toaster
doesn't work as good as it looks!.the toaster is beautiful and works ok. has a problem with not toasting on both sides part of the time. i would have expected more from cuisinart
slow and uneven toasting.i am now looking for another toaster, which is why i happened to see this one and decided to see how others rated it.  i received it as a wedding gift three years ago and only keep it because i have felt too guilty to buy a new one.  the reason i gave it two stars is that it looks pretty good, has space for four slices, and hasn't broken down on me. but... since the day i unwrapped it, it has toasted slowly and unevenly.  my husband finally said, "when will you stop complaining and just buy a new one?"  so here i am. i thought i was on safe ground registering for a cuisinart, and will probably even buy another cuisinart of a different kind, but overall i've been very disappointed
don't waste your money!.i thought "kitchenaid" this has to be a keeper. i was wrong. the handles are much too heavy. there's too much give with the spatulas. i find the utensils to be too bulky and uncomfortable. i'll stick to my other much cheaper temperature regulated utensils
didn't even get to put water in it.didn't even get to put water in it. the kettle came to me with the color half falling off. if you have to pay to ship it back, what is the point in buying an inexpensive kettle?
leaks from the water gauge.i bought this new - it's being clearanced - at my local target and i filled it with water to run it before using it, and lo and behold, the bottom of the water gauge is leaking lots of water.  after reading the other comments, i will pack it up and not get another one.....instead i will continue to use my old krups proaroma until it dies
poor design and bad flavor.i recently bought one of these coffee makers because it had all the features i was looking for.  i wanted a programmable 12oz. coffee maker with water filter and permanent coffee grounds basket with an interrupt feature so i could pour a cup before the brewing cycle was complete.  i was really dissatisfied when i actually used it.  i wanted a 12 cup coffee maker.  this maker measures cups as 4.5oz. rather than 6oz. so it is actually a nine cup maker.  secondly, the only way to completely empty the carafe is to turn it completely upside down. this may be an intentional design to keep the last ounce of coffee and coffee grounds in the bottom of the carafe, but it makes filling the water reservoir more difficult which is already inconvenient as has been noted by several other reviewers.  the reservior sight guage and carafe volume markings don't match either.  you have to add more water to get the sight gauge up to 12 cups.  this might also be intentional design since some of the water will be trapped in the grounds.  i liked the fact that a permanent gold toned coffee grounds basket was included but the unit i got didn't have one.  i would have to order one for $10 plus shipping and handling to get one that would fit this coffee maker.  and finally, the coffee tastes bad.  the first time i used it, i brewed a couple pots with water only, then made my first pot of real coffee.  it had a nasty, strange plastic flavor that i thought was because it was new.  i tried descaling it a couple of times with vinegar and water but the bad flavor remained.  that sort of defeats the point of having a water filter included. i will try brewing a few more pots, but if i can't get rid of that strange flavor, i will trash this machine.
save your money..my white kitchenaid coffee maker was looking nasty and old so instead of waiting for the new model, i bought this cuisinart. i used it for four days. it's now in the garage.  it absolutely drove me nuts. the lid for pouring in the water doesn't open far enough to clear the carafe so i ended up spilling half the water. and the basket thingie won't close if the basket is off a millimeter.  and besides, i don't think the coffee was all that great for $70.  so now i'm back to my 4-cup blue kitchenaid and saving my dough for another big kitchenaid
danger, will robinson!.i returned this item because the top edge of the quiche pan was so sharp it had already cut through the bag it was packaged in when it arrived.  it would have easily cut my finger during regular use
disappointed.i believe the box and advertising should have held more information.  although i did manage to get some soft serve ice cream, it took much longer than the instructions said.  following their time schedule, i had soup.  i didn't mind the extra time so much as the fact that every single recipe included was made with powdered milk.  i could taste the overwhelming powdered milk taste no matter what i tried.  i contacted the company about finding different recipes and they said not to use any other recipes than the ones included, and that they had no other recipes available.  i wanted an ice cream maker where i can have a variety of recipes, and one where fruits, nuts or candies can be added.  nowhere does it say how limited this machine is until you open it up after purchase.  i'm selling mine for 50 cents in a yard sale, and will chalk it up to an expensive mistake
horrible  mess !!!!!!.this product lies lies lies horrible disgusting soupy mess doesnt even mix at all ! cost of products to make ice cream almost the cost of the machine ! total waste of my time and my money i wish we could all sue rival for our time wasted and cost of machine and aggrivation ! the mixture doesnt freeze and it sticks to the walls of the bowl and machine stops working ! what a mess !!!!!!!!!!!!! also my machine smelled like it was burning after 5 minutes .
does not work as advertised..even following directions exactly, still got not much more than thick soup. and the ice cream in 20 minutes is really misleading. the instructions say you have to freeze the bowl for 24 hours, then chill the mixture for several hours...traditional icecream maker using ice and rock salt actually makes icecream quicker with less hassle
goopy diseaster.i received this ice cream maker as a present and was really disappointed to find that after several tries i could not make anything more than a sticky, goopy mess. then, i found out how much this thing cost, and i really hit the roof! my advice it to just get the old fashioned ice cream maker - much less effort if you can believe that
cheaper elsewhere.this same exact product is available in store at walmart, not online only like it is here, and it is only 23 dollars. don't forget to shop around, target.com likes to charge more than other places. the lack of stars is for the price listed here, not the product itself
a poor product.this product simply did not work well.  the labeling on the box is misleading because it states that it can make ice cream in 30 minutes. but the reality is that the process takes a minimum of 24 hours if you count the preparation time.  ok, fine.  however, when i attempted to pour the mixture into the machine (following the directions) it froze up and would not operate at all. i ended up having to mix the ice cream by hand for 20 minutes.  it tasted fine (and it was thick), but that was largely because of my own preparation.  the moving parts are made of plastic (not very sturdy).  you will also learn when you read the instructions that you can't put nuts or pieces of fruit in the ice cream mixture because that might quot;damagequot; the machine.  bottom line, it didn't work as promised.  you will probably be disappointed
flimsy.this can be described in one word...'flimsy'.sure, it works fine once or twice and would actually be useful as a disposable item if the price was lowe
cute but short on endurance.handle is secured by unthreaded rivits.  i have one of these i plan to return from another source and the handle came apart the first use.  amazon should not carry this product as it is very poorly constructed
not that great.have had the pot for 5 weeks.  had to "adjust" the lid so it would fit and wouldn't come off during percolating.  now the coffee basket has broken.  overall not too satisfied.  coffee is weak and most of the water boils away before the coffee is finished
non flourine non stick? think again..i was very excited to get this cooker. i've been searching for quite some time for a micro-processor controlled rice cooker, that didn't expose my food to an aluminum or teflon/silverstone cooking surface. the advertised "titanium coated non-stick cook pot" convinced me this was going to be the closest i would get to stainless steel. titanium should be fairly inert, i thought, i didn't know there were other kinds of non-stick coating. i was wrong. yes, the cooker is made very well, and the cooking pot is very heavy gauge aluminum with a titanium coating. the bad news is, sanyo chose to coat the inside of it with a "flouorine based non-stick". aaargh! what was the point of the titanium coating... ? so it is being shipped back. so far as i know, there is only one rice cooker on the market that offers a stainless steel cooking surface, and it is little more than an enormous "crock pot" with a stainless steel pot replacing the "crock". it has neither the compact size or wonderful features of this sanyo, but at least one doesn't slowly poison themselves by cooking with it..
dbl burner reversible grill/griddle.i have not been able to use this because the instructions included indicate that it can't be used on a flat surface stovetop, which is what i have. i'm not sure if i just missed this information when i ordered it or whether it is omitted in the add.
you get what you pay for.i had been looking for a double-burner reversible grill/griddle for quite a while.  ..at first i tried uncoated cast iron ala rachael ray on "30 minute meals." though it cooked very well, it was too heavy to comfortably maneuver to the sink for cleaning while hot. this is when cast iron happens to be the eaiest to clean.  ..since i already have and love a calphalon professional square grill, i next thought about anodized aluminum.  i thought the new calphalon one double-burner grill was pricey for what would be only an occasional piece.  also, i really wanted the griddle surface and calphalon does not make a reversible pan.  ..so i gave this pan a try, figuring anodized aluminum pans are all alike.  boy, was i wrong.  the first thing i grilled was simple dry bread and though it cooked fine, it left burn marks i have yet to be able to scrub off.  i understand from using calphalon that anodized aluminum is a stick resistant surface, not non-stick, but i never had such problems cleaning my square grill...so it just proves what my mother always told me: "you get what you pay for."  it also proves that not only does profesional grade cookware perform better, but it also cleans easier
i couldn't turn it on either..i don't know if amazon keeps shipping the same broken scale or what, but mine would not turn on either.  i returned it
nice scale.....but.very nice looking scale.  unfortunately it would not turn on no matter what i tried.  battery was good, so it is evidently a bad switch.
black flecks come out of these.these work ok but after each use i have to wash all the black flecks out of the pitcher as they seem to come out of the filters with each use.  annoying but hopefully not a health hazard.  wouldn't want to drink these pieces of black stuff
filters don't work.these filters don't appear to be working. my water still tastes funny. i wouldn't mind the charcoal specks if my water tasted filtered but it doesn't.
poor quality filter.i recently purchased both a birta and a pur single stage filter (and a pitcher each). the taste of water from both the filters seems to be comparable...however, the filtered water from brita filter contains a lot of fine black particles(my guess is that they are charcoal particles). i followed the instructions closely which suggested soaking/flushing the filter initially. initially, when i saw the charcoal particles, i thought that they would disappear after i have used the filter for few days. this is not the case and i still see black particles in water after 15 days of regular usage. i think the quality of brita is inferior to pur filters and would not recommend buying brita
all-clad.nope, i don't have these but i'd buy them in a second if there was a 1/3 cup.  please make one
this is a piece of....i wanted an egg poacher insert that did more than 2 eggs and i didn't need any more pans.  i purchased this in spite of negative comments.  well, here's my opinion.  it only fits into the large dutch oven i already have.  the cups are not large enough to hold large eggs without the eggs spilling. water easily boils over--over the eggs and even over the pot onto the cooktop.  i'm going back to my microwave poacher that i picked up for $1.00 even though it does only 2 eggs at a time
exquisite product -as long as you don't intend to use it..this stunning slice of kitchen couture is undoubtedly a tactile and aesthetic dream - built with quality materials like real metal (not silvery plastic), and sporting a sophisticated, drop-dead gorgeous retro appeal.  it looks equally as impressive in the hippest new york loft kitchens as it does on the shelves of williams-sonoma. ..however, as is the case when function follows form, this is a horrible blender.  don't get me wrong - i'm more than willing to forgive a modicum of piss-poor functionality if the design is attractive enough to render the former irrelevant.  but quite frankly, this blender is beyond bad...most unfortunate is the blender's propensity to splash everywhere - even when the user deliberately reinforces the lid onto the jar by hand.  it seems to make little difference how much or what type of liquid one is mixing; it inevitably overflows with explosive fervor.  i suspect that the unit's quasi-industrial motor may be a contributing factor; it only supports two speeds: off, and jet-cyclonic.  while i admit that the minimalist toggle switch is profoundly chic in its own right, the consequences of omitting ramp-up speeds are overbearing, consistently messy, predictably inconvenient, and potentially dangerous (as liquid tends to flow liberally into the motor housing).  the irregular cloverleaf shaped jar also seems to play a role in splattering liquids upward; and the blender's poorly-sealed lid does little to stop it from overflowing in dramatic fashion.  in fact, this blender splashes so profusely that it's nearly unusable...it's too bad, because superficially, this blender really is quite the objet d'art.  but when it comes to meeting the minimum requirements for acceptable performance, it has a long way to go - even in comparison to a $29 oster.  ..if i had to summarize this blender as accurately, succinctly, and fairly as possible, i'd distill it down to one word - "regrettable."
the cannister is too small.and when i requested a  return amazon said they would send me a return label, but didn't.  nor did they respond to my email advising i never received the return label.  this is my last order from amazon
burnt offerings are the only option here. . ..having assumed that it was my lack of expertise in handling a slow (?!) cooker, i have been blaming myself for every mishap with this rival slow cooker.  whether it was stew, warm dips, roasts, you name it . . . this slow cooker turned everything into a hockey-puck-like consistency.  had i read these reviews before impulsively buying this, i would never have purchased it.  ..unlike other reviewers, i have found that that there simply is no adjusting recipes to make this thing work properly.  there is no low setting, that's for sure; and, even after 30 minutes of cooking on low, food items have already begun to burn.  i thought that this would be the magic bullet to prepare a tender, melt-in-your-mouth roast.  instead, we were left with the largest chunk of beef jerky in the universe.  please don't waste your money, and rival . . . please take note of all these unhappy customers.  why on earth is this still available and on the market?!
awful in every regard.pretty harsh review, but true. after two meals, this baby goes back. primary problem - it is a fast cooker that keeps cooking! there is no controlling cooking time / temperature. it's either 4 hours, 6 hours ("fast") or 8 hours, 10 hours ("slow"). i started a dish to be finished in 8 hours and it started boiling after 1.5 hours and continued at a full boil for the remaining 6.5 hours. it just cooks and cooks and cooks. other points: (1) the lid does not fit. it's not even the same shape as the cooker. it wobbles in place. (2) every now and then you hear a "pop" as though the lid were exploding. (3) the footprint is huge. being new to crockpots, i hope to find something that truly slow cooks
leaky lid + high temp = burnt roasts.i've experienced the problems others have described, and no, the problem is not caused by insufficient volume. the booklet itself says "the recipes in this book may be used, as printed, in the 4-6.5 quart crock pot slow cooker." ..i have done many recipes that are similar in food volume to the ones that come in the cooker's own booklet (whole chickens, 3 lb roasts, etc.), and the lid still leaks and foods cook way too fast on "low." several times i have come home to a wet mess all over the counter and a burnt meal in the crock pot. this thing is absolutely not to be trusted by itself! indeed, as i write this there is a 3.5 lb pork roast sitting in my crock, which i put in stone cold frozen 4 hours ago, and in that amount of time on low, it is completely cooked and ready to serve. according to their booklet, i should add an additional 4 hours of cooking time on low for frozen foods, for a total of 12-14 hours! ..we had two crock pots when we got married--this one, and a smaller one. we gave away the small one when we purged our duplicate appliances, and having now had to live with this one for a while, i really regret it
looks good, cooks bad.i recieved this crock pot as a gift.  i liked the oval shape and the chrome exterior -- nicer than my old round crock pot that wouldn't hold a roast and looked so old.  however, the performance of the new pot was horrible and i returned it.  it cooks too hot even on the low setting (and yes, i did put an adequate amount of food in it).  the lid seems like it fits, but the steam that built up during cooking rattled the lid loose and dripped water down the side of the unit onto the counter..to me, the whole benefit of a slow-cooker is being able to leave it unattended while it cooks (slowly and safely) all day.  don't even think about it with this model
doubled walled trouble.while the design is beautiful and sufficiently insulated, the glass walled structure is too weak to withstand normal use. even when i avoided placing ice cubes, spoons, etc. in the glass, my bodum double wall glasses lasted only a week. i don't recall ever having a problem with other bodum products, so i am concluding from this experience that this is a very flawed glassware design from this company.  in terms of quality control, one of the glasses actually had a pin hole leak at the base of the glass which caused water to seep between the walls. in a cautionary note, you need to return this item if you find any small holes in the glass, because the water trapped between the walls of glass will eventually cause the glass to explode.
fragile glassware.these glasses are very attractive, insulate beverages well, and i really like handling them.  unfortunately, they break often in shipping and are very easy to break by dropping an ice cube in from the top of the glass.  i shudder to think what an ice machine would do to them.  definitely not for use by children!!
why bother.i was initailly excited when i saw these glasses.  looked like a great design.  i ordered two sets.  when they arrived one of the glasses was broken in trasit.  i sent them back for replacement and when they arrived another glass was broken during shipment.  i cannot blame it entirely on the design of the glasses, since they were poorly packed.  the second shipment was sitting on the bottome of the box with no cushioning.  amazon is refusing to replace them after the second damaged shipment, but is refunding the purchase price.  i must say i am very disappointed.  my advice is to save your money
poor quality.i purchased these glasses which are beautiful as long as you don't plan  on using them.  as soon as i started to hand wash these the red paint on the stems started to peel off and now i wouldn't use them for anything, i think that i will have to trash them now. don't waste your money!!!!!!!!!!!
iron fish pan was ordered but never arrived.this order was never completed. we paid for it but up to now have not received the cast-iron fish pan...what gives anyway?..john wagne
fit ,price and quality.the item which was made in pakistan probably cost less than $5.00.it was poorly fitted and of low quality. the pocket for the mixer operating manual was stitched incorrectly and would not lay flat. the cover was also too long. had i known in advance what i would receive i would not have purchased it. it is overpriced by at least $20.00
no good at all...after a few weeks of use, the ovenliner got warped, with stains impossible to remove even after scrubing, smelly and a complete disaster.  food gets stuck on the overliner, it is not easy to remove remains from it.  i now use what i have been using all my life: aluminum foil.  its cleaner, easier and when you are through, you just put the whole mess in the trash can.  forget about overliners.  expensive and, in my experience, no good at all
don't like.as mentioned in another review, if you need to fill the water while iron, it is a pain as is the dial under the handle.  i would say do not buy this iron.
horrible little thing!!!.after much thought and research we decided to buy this particular iron. the first few months with it were alrite. the automatic stop went off every ten minutes after beeping for several annoying minutes. you then have to unplug the appliance for atleast a minute before you can turn it on and use it again. after six months, it started having problems with the steam generator. this after cleaning out the water after every use. there were mineral deposits all over my clothes and i completely stopped ironing them unless required. thank god most of my husbands shirts didn't need to be ironed always and i am a scientist...noone at the lab really cares if your top is well pressed or not. its been a year and a half and the thing will not work with water in it. i need to have something else with which to sprinkle water on the clothes. to iron a single shirt now takes over 10 minutes. do not bother getting this one. i am right now eyeing a rowenta. will keep u updated on that purchase
just a cheap iron.we are hard on our iron, using it daily, dropping it... we have spent 100-150 dollars on our last couple and i was just couldn't make myself do it agian so i thought i'd try something cheap.  the only really positive thing i can say about this iron is it has alot of steam. this incluldes when using the steam settings and when you push the blast of steam button.  but it's prone to collecting burnt starch on the bottom of the iron suface and it has some sort of "non-stick" coating on it that just creates drag when you iron. over all i don't really like the iron but i got what i paid for
norpro stainless steel delux food mill.based on the reviews, that it realy does not work, i will not be spending my limited dollars on this item. i will however look at others and find one that really does work. i hate to buy twice and not get what i really want, a good unit that will do the job for me.!!!!!
well-made and useless!.this is a solid well-made product with holes in the mill inserts that are larger (5mm and 3mm) than the size of the seeds you want to keep out of your sauces. i primarily use a food mill for tomato sauces. this device will not work with tomatoes or seeds noticeably bigger(grapes). unless you are pureeing watermelon you probably will be disappointed in this product
save your money.this product does not clean or remove stains.  it acts more like a polish.  i had hoped it would help restore the beautiful colored finish on my grill pan but no luck.  i got my money back and i'm getting used to the dark stains
disappointed.i had only used my fryer a handful of times before i noticed a significant decrease in heat. it was nowhere near the temperature indicated on the dial and i would have to increase the heat frequently just to keep cooking at a lower than desired heat. by the end of the second or third batch i have the dial maxed and it's barely adequate to get the job done. the troubleshooting guide in the manual made no mention of this particular issue. i've gone back to frying in a pan and shopping around for another deep fryer...the only reason i'm not rating this a 1 is because of the convenient features; filtering system /oil container, dishwasher safe parts. great additions however the entire unit seems rather flimsy, especially the removable handle. the bowl is also quite small. i could fit close to double the amount per batch in my old fryer...overall i'm pretty disappointed.
sent it back....way too expensive...  this isn't an item that couldn't be bought at a local discount store (or even a dollar store maybe)  the type of item itself is very helpful for keeping grease splatters off the stove top when frying...but this one is too small (i like it a bit bigger than the pan) and not sturdy enough (i need to be able to clean it vigorously to get the grease off)
it's not 12 inches.this item is actually 11 and 3/8 inches in diameter, not 12 inches.  measure your frying pan before you order this
flimsy, flimsy....but nice handle.i bought this to replace a cheap one from [name of store] that had finally given up, and does not come close to matching the quality.  it is way too flimsy and needs about another 1/2" in diameter to cover my 12" pans.  save your money and go get one at your local store
the product is fine.......but it wasn't the same as pictured online.  i haven't returned it because to do so would be too much hassle and expense for something so cheap
very disappointed.the main reason i got this was to make clean-up a lot easier.  in all fairness, it is very easy to clean. however, i have used it twice, and both times i used it, it gave off a very strong odor and made my smoke alarms go off.  there wasn't any smoke that i could see and nothing was burned. the plastic must give off something that affects the alarm. after it happened the first time, i was too nervous to try it again (the alarm scared my kids), but decided to try again last night.  unfortunately, the alarms went off again, so i am getting rid of this pan.
it does not achieve intent.i bought this mandolin as a suggested resource for the quick and efficient cutting of julienned vegetables. a health food recipe book talked about cutting the carrots julienne style, cutting the cucumber julienne style, etc. julienne style. well, the oneida polished black mandolin with interchangeables blades does not cut the carrots. rather, the carrots get stock in the blades that are meant to cut the piece into matchstick strips, and worst of all, it smashes the beautiful piece of vegetable! ..they need to completely re-engineer this piece of equip-junk! don't waste your time by buying an object you will have to return
needs a basic fix or two.the product cuts well and makes french fries pretty well. i bought this for cutting potatoes and all remarks are based on that use. the problem i had with it is the reverse end of the cutting blade... it's not flat to the slide bed when installed for normal (non-crinkle) cutting. this means that when you have made a cut and are sliding the food back up the ramp for the next cut (the back stroke), the bulged up crinkle blade grabs the food and grates a bit of it off adding a lot of drag. this would also make very thin slices impossible because they always have one side damaged by the curved crinkle blade. if you know someone with a bench vise and thick leather gloves the blade could probably be corrected. always be careful when handling the blade for any reason, it is very sharp...another issue that might cause a problem for people cutting thick slices is the location of the knob that holds the main blade in place... dead center so your thick slices will run right into it as they are being cut. this increases the force you must use and damages your thick slices...all in all i would not buy this product if i had this information in advance, no reviews where available when i ordered. i am a handy person and have corrected the first problem above and i think i can live with the second issue, so i will not be returning the item. i really expected better from oneida, but you do get what you pay for in the end. the only mandolins i have ever used were restaurant grade and you can expect to pay at least $100 for one of those models. if you plan on using the slicer a lot, spend the money for a good, well-reviewed product.
don't buy henckel !!.these are terrible, terrible knives.  i returned both sets the day after i tried them.  the serrations shred your food instead of cutting it.  the handles are very cheap feeling and are not comfortable to use.  the tiny serrations also make the knives very difficult to clean and considering the name "eversharp" they sure didn't seem very sharp.  you will be better off keeping that cheapo set you bought at walmart years ago...new info:..  i found comperable knives (maybe even better) at ikea.  they come in a pack of 6 for three bucks
very disappointed!.these knives have a finely serrated edge that tears at the steak leaving pieces of meat hanging on the edge. they rip the meat rather than slicing. i expected more from henckels. a waste of money
disappointed purchaser.i will probable not  be keeping these knives.  they are large and heavy, not a tableware set at all.  maybe ok for bbq setting since they remind me of a hunting knife.  i do not feel the picture adequately identifies just how big these knives are
what a disappointment!.i've never paid so much for a toaster and i've also never had such a lousy toaster! if you are toasting only one piece of bread, it browns only one side. even when you are toasting two pieces, they are never evenly browned. worst of all, the "bagel" feature -- which on every other toaster in the universe means that only the cut side will get brown, not the outside -- on this toaster means that the time will be lengthened to allow for the thickness. i am ready to toss this thing out, despite the fact that it was pricey and is nearly brand-new
absolutely worthless!!!.nothing but disappointment....1. you can't take stem with blades off - you have to clean it right on the mixer..2. blades are flat - i can't imagine flat blade to be able to aerate something..2. very unpowerful - it was fighting soft ice cream and blueberries for 10 min. and still i had pieces in my cocktail..3. after all my cocktail looked like milk with floating blueberries in it, not frothy whatsoever..my kitchenaid food processor did a much better job on these cocktails. i will probably get just a blender for this purpose
don't buy it!!!!!!.you will be sorry. it worked ok 5 times before i had to start replacing parts on it. things first started leaking. the brush motor will run out of grease and the teeth will grind down which will make you replace the motor. it's not an easy job replacing it nor continuing to grease it. after that the main suction motor will burn out and you'll have to decide if you want to buy a new motor or cut your losses and find a better product. the seals on the tanks will wear down and you'll have to continually replace them. keep in mind i don't use this thing weekly nor monthly, it normally just sits in the closet for 2 or 3 months before i have to use it for cleaning. to save your self headaches look for another manufacturer besided hoover, they just don't seem to know what their doing
found cause of leaking... no solution yet....our steamer is about 1 year old.  it leaked like everyone elses but not badly so i ignored it.  however, a month ago the plug under the clean water and soap container poped out.  it's just a piece of plastic with a spring on it that holds all the soap and water in.  i poped it back in and it stayed... until the next time i took off the clean water tank to empty it... pop goes the plug and out flows a half gallon of water!  now every time the clean water bucket is removed, out pops the plug and out flows the water..i think this must be the cause of the leakage.  take a look and you'll see just how flimsy those plugs are..now i just have to find a place to replace just the clean water bucket... .ps. the fabric brush aslo recieves its water out a small white plastic stick with a hole to spray the water out of.  that also began falling off and has now disappeared so the water just dumps out the fabric brush now too.  it wasn't attached by anything i could find.  it just slid out..if you already bought one, try to find a new bucket.  if you're still looking for a steamer, keep looking
don't waste your money on this piece of junk!!!.the steam cleaner i bought was a reconditioned unit off of e-bay.  i paid $100.00 for it.  the brushes never worked, but it still cleaned the carpet o.k.  i emptied the bottom tank full of dirty water, rinsed it out and put it back on.  then i refilled the hot water tank, and added more cleaner to the detergent compartment.  i turned it back on....true to what other's have stated, the upper tank started to leak, not badly but it's not supposed to do that.  then without warning, the unit started to smell like it was burning....it seems the motor decided to take a dump!!!..the moral of this story is this....don't waste your hard earned money on this inferior product....also, listen up corporate hoover bigwigs...please rename your product "playschool my first steam vac" ..i got a total of one use of this pos...hardly worth $100.00!!..my next and hopefully last steam cleaner will be a rug doctor brand ..also, i should have read the reviews on this before i wasted my money...
dissapointing quality.i too own one of these steamvacs and after reading the reviews i am beginning to regret ever buying this product. we've used the steamvac a number of times and have really good things to say about it's ability to clean. however, since the clean water tank on our unit just broke i too have to rate this as a 1 star like some many others have done here. ..when you consider the price to replace the tank, around $45 and the machine cost of around $280, how many tanks do you buy before you start searching for a replacement unit? would i consider another hoover? hum, this is a tough question. not!..if they, hoover, could prove that their other products didn't suffer from the same deficiencies then maybe i would consider them again. but at this point with no evidence to suggest otherwise i would not buy another. in fact, i would go further and suggest that if you are considering the steamvac dual v, don't buy it. unless you don't mind buying a new tank every year
the tank always breaks.i, like many others, am very happy with this product when it is functioning properly - i love it. however, i've owned my steam vac for 3 years and am in need of my third clean water tank. when the first broke, i didn't think much of it. i just bought the replacement thinking this would never happen again. to my surprise, i need yet another clean water tank. i decided i would not buy the next one and that hoover would send it to me. after contacting hoover customer service at 330-499-9499 and escalating my phone call through two management levels, they are sending me my third clean water tank. of course, i was told this was a one time deal, but i fully intend to contact them when the new tank breaks. they should either warn us when we buy that we'll periodically have to replace the tank, use stronger plastic, or replace the tanks for us!!
clean water tank is empty before i can get it from the sink to the unit....which renders this unit worthless. this is my 4th hoover (including one i gave as a gift to my sister), after only one year owning this one it is useless.  where are the lawyers on this site? i think we need a class-action suit. it's ridiculous to spend this kind of money for faulty equipment
poor quality control; poorly manufactured..i recently installed a wall-mounted calphalon pot rack, which i like a lot.  unfortunately, the two hooks i just ordered both fail to work properply with the potrack.  one is simply too small to fit onto the rack; the other one fits on but is too large, and comes off when removing pans.  additionally, these hooks are either made from a different material and/or finsihed differently from the ones that shipped with pot rack originally...calphalon would be better off charging more money for hooks that actually work than continuing to ship these things.  whatever company calphalon has contracted to make these things is doing a terrible job
wrong shape for calphalon rack.i purchased the 18x36 oval calphalon rack from amazon and have been very pleased with it. amazon keeps suggesting i purchase additional hooks from calphalon and i did -- only to discover that they were mis-shaped and didn't fit onto the rack. i am very disappointed in the lack of quality
metal doesn't match.i recently purchased a stainless steel calphalon pot rack.  i needed a couple of extra hooks, so i purchased these, since they are made by calphalon and they look like the stainless steel hooks which came with the rack.  wrong! they look almost the same, but the disappointing part is they are made of aluminum instead of stainless steel.  they look terrible on a rack where every component is polished stainless except for these two hooks??
it's just a honing steel.make sure to read what amazon's editorial reviewer says.  most people think that quot;sharpeningquot; steels sharpen.  they don't.  they hone or straighten the edge.  for a dull blade, you need a good diamond-impregnated steel.  after i got one of the latter, i hardly ever use the henckels steel.  henckels knives have a pretty hard edge which, in my experience, tends to dull more than bending.  the henckels honing steel will sharpen the knife, but only slightly, and the ridges in the steel will quickly wear out if you use it for this purpose
hard to use.this is supposed to be a universal double boiler, but it's hard to use because it fits no pan well -- making it hard to stir, and giving you a limited quot;surface areaquot; for use.  also, due to it's curved bottom, it won't stand up on its own if you remove it from the quot;boilingquot; pan (to set beside you as you mold candy, etc.
here's the secret -.they rust like a son of a gun!  if you have the misfortune to purchase this pan you will need to hand wash and dry it to slow down the rust process.  mine began to show rust after the very first use.  after 3 uses it had rust in several of the cups and was too nasty to use.  i'm back on amazon to buy some decent chicago metallic pans.  i'm done buying these disposable cheapies
don't overfill.i thought it would go well with my new cuisinart coffee maker.  it seems to take longer than my old krups unit.  if you overfill it simply won't grind the beans. once you get the hang of the amount of beans to place in, it works ok but still seems to take longer than other grinders
disappointed.i researched the manufacturer and i erroneously assumed it was an australian made product. wrong ! to my disappointment it is another low quality product imported from china that will probably last me a year or so and will end up in the local landfill. what a shame.
chemical smell is real, it's still there after several days of use. i am returning it.i read reviews here before ordering one from amazon. altough several people warned about chemical smell in the reviews, i went ahead and ordered one because the overall rating was pretty good. the unit looks very good with the stainless steel accent and a lot of appealing features. i did a thorough cleaning before boiling water in the pot and dumped the water. then i made rice . to my disappointment, the chemical smell was horribly noticeable in the first batch of rice. i thought it's just because it's new and the smell would go away eventually. but the strong acrid smell persists after several days of daily use and it didn't diminish a bit. i used several brands of rice cookers before, none of them had any smell nearly as bad as this one.  i am looking up the return policy on amazon  now while writing this review. very disappointing!  . i have to say that amazon is great in terms of delivery. the rice cooker was on my doorstep two days after i ordered it. just wish sanyo had done a better job.
pretty - but small.love the matching sugar bowl that comes with this butter dish, and the butter dish is very pretty, however it is too small!! or short rather.. you put a standard cube of butter in the dish and it squeezes the top of the butter and gets stuck. the lid does not touch the bottom of the dish  until you have used most of the butter. also it has to reach room temperature, so it becomes molded to the shape of the lid better, which in turn makes a mess. really, very unusual and it drives me nuts. i do not recomend the butter dish, sadly
not so happy.at the first glance the set may seem to be of good quality, made of heavy anodized aluminium. however, nonstick coating wears off very fast and pots are made in non-standard sizes(diameters)
plastic blade assembly??????.of course it cracked. stupid design. what were they thinking. and i can't seem to find a replacement part. worst $60 spent. get an oster
disappointed!.i received my blender/processor as a gift and i use it occasionally (especially for smoothies and mixed drinks). i was disappointed when the clutch assembly broke! i couldn't believe that cuisinart doesn't have a durable piece sitting at the motor. i contacted cuisinart and they said it's not possible to repair on your own--that brass piece needs to be removed by qualified personnel!  i'm so glad i ran into these reviews!  anyhow, i compared my blender to my parents' (oster brand), and they have a much durable design. i'll make sure i inspect any small appliance before i make a purchase! in this case, it was a gift so i can't complain. i'm going to purchase the clutch assembly as recommended by one of the viewers. the cuisinart name doesn't always equal high quality.
piece of junk.i bought the cuisinart 7 speed blender because of their reputation for quality however since using this blender less than a dozen times the plastic blender drive clutch broke..i spent $59 for this pos that does not work because of broken 5 cent piece of plastic..i will never buy another cuisinart product and urge you not to .
factory not reconditioned.since mine was a factory reconditioned job at a discount, it wasn't warrantied or returnable.  it smoked on the first use and died on the second use.  what more can i say
a beautiful underperformer.this blender has features to recommend it if did not have a documented history of breaking.  the clutch unit that engages the blade is plastic and breaks . . . frequently...the digital control pad is easy to clean, no more using a cotton swab to clean between buttons.  except for the previously mentioned clutch unit, the blender is very well made.  it seemed to labor when blending milkshakes or smoothies...overall, the blender worked in an acceptable manner before it broke.  it was only used about 15 times before the clutch disintergrated. ..i am replacing the cuisinart with an oster beehive, which has an all metal drive unit
do not buy this they crack.tila has a great product but these canisters stink they crack in a week of use.   don't buy them.  get a mason jar.   i was injured and can't talk when i emailed them they said i needed to have a friend or family member call them if i wanted help.   that is bull.  what ever happend to equal access for the disabled.     take your business elsewhere
product is junk, save your money..i bought the starter kit and 2 extra contaniers.  they are junk and do not hold a seal for more than 5 minutes.  save your money
cotton candy catrastope.this product is useless. i  reccomened you get a different brand
disappointed.i was so excited to receive this cotton candy maker for christmas and to my disappointment it doesn't work.  the instruction manual was no help.  it didn't spin so the sugar just melted and burned in the center.  when i tried to go on the website for information, i was redirected to some other bogus site.  i am very disappointed
still waiting to give this a try.i am still waiting to use this pizza cutter.  why am i writing a review now?  because i want you to know how poorly this is packaged.  there is a round sticker around the entire blade, and it does not come off easily.  the blade does come out of the handle for cleaning.  that has not helped me to get this sticker off.  they must have used the strongest glue they could find to attach the sticker.  the sticker does not peal off.  instead it tears, and comes off in tiny bits.  i picked at it for over half an hour.  i gave up for a while, and put the blade in the dishwasher.  i hoped the hot water and steam would loosen the label.  it did not. there is still glue and bits of paper that i am still picking off.  although the blade is not 'razor sharp', i have to work carefully so i don't cut myself.  so far this product has been a big disappointment.  if i can ever get it clean enough to use, i'll write another review
it's okay..i honestly don't know what all the fuss is about with this product. i'm a total kitchen gadget junkie and so i was delighted when i received this for christmas. yes, it's more ergonomic to hold and it's a little easier for me to slice up small bits of pizza for my toddler, but it's not *all that*. the problem is the thing is so irritating to wash that i find myself just reaching for my regular pizza cutter instead of this one. basically you have to take it out of its plastic case to wash it which can be rather tricky. i keep worrying i'm going to slice myself with the blade. even putting it back together after it's clean is a bit nerve racking. frankly all this business of taking it apart and putting it together sort of nullifies the ergonomic aspect of it for me..i'd say if you already have a pizza cutter that you're happy with you don't need to bother with this thing.
wouldn't buy again.we are disappointed in this grinder.  the plastic cover has a ridge around the top that the coffee gets stuck in.  this prevents the grinder from working until you clean out the ridge..it's just a hassle.
just a regular mattress pad.my husband sweats a lot at night and i thought this would stop the problem.  it didn't at all.  it doesn't seems like it does anything for me either.  it just feels like a normal mattress pad.  not exactly worth the price for a normal mattress pad
this product didn't live up to expectations.i purchased this pad after reading a review here with the hope that this was the answer to my sleeping problems associated with premenopause. it didn't seem to keep me cooler when i got hot, and it didn't warm me when i was cold. i'm sending it back
chips easily.i was disappointed in this pan.  admittedly i have had it for over 3 years but it is covered in chips and i finally threw it in the garbage today.   thus i am shopping for a new pan
good insulation and grip but bulky.the pot holder transfers no heat which is good and is very non-slip which is also good. however it is bulky and stiff. grabbing a closed handle of a lid or stockpot is very difficult and i find myself going back to a towel. ..i'll use this for skillets or pot handles but not much else. for the price it isn't worth it
bakes too hot.every loaf we've made with this machine has come out over baked.  it just seems to bake at too high a temp
disappointed!.i love the colors and the heat resistance but found the wooden handle on one spatula rough and splintery.  also the spatula is showing nicks on the edges of the silicon....don't understand because i don't use it on rough edged bowls or pans
soft but not absorbant.my wife and i really like egyptian cotton towels.  we were excited by amazon's sale and took a chance.  these towels are very soft.  a huge plus!  unfortunately they lack absorbency qualities.  the towel feels cold as we dry off and the water does not feel like it is being absorbed.  wet and cold is not a good feeling in the morning!  we do not use dryer sheets or any type of detergent product that would coat the towels.  as for pricing, we did not get a super saver discount as promised in amazon's advertising but were attracted to the initial sale price.  all in all, we will not buy this towel again
would give no stars if it were an option.after using only a few times, the bristles fell out in big clumps.  i was using it to brush olive oil on filo dough when it starting falling apart, and i wondered if the oil had softened the glue that held them in. will look for a replacement that uses something besides just glue to attach  bristles to the handle
fell apart completely.i have many of the oxo products and really like them.  i liked this brush as well until bristles started falling out.  last week, it completely fell apart while i was hand washing it.  the bristles detached from the brush handle.  i bought it last december
do not buy this product!!!.do not buy this product!!!  i have never bothered to write a review on amazon, but i'm so annoyed with this machine i want to save others the headache of spending $300 on it.  i just got off the phone with delonghi whose attitude is "we don't give refunds, what do you want??".  i have owned several delonghi toaster/convection ovens and use them extensively so i know how they should perform.  i thought this model would be a dream because i could cook on 2 tiers at once.  instead, because of its size and the presence of the bottom drip tray, it takes forever to heat up and no matter what combination of temperature, setting, and rack you use it fails to give the "crisp" cooking of their other models.  it only browns if you turn the broiler on and is generally a complete pain to use.  and it won't toast at all (its not even a setting, but still, don't you expect that??).  i ignored the other negative reviews when i made this purchase, and now i totally regret it!
marginal at best.my oven came with chips on the enamel baking surfaces, 3 on the oven and one on one of the slide in trays. it did'nt sit level on the counter and the door didn't close evenly. i sent it back. looked nice but quality control must have had the day off when it was built.
digital thermometer.first, you cannot have the temperature of the oven above 350 degrees.  there is a cord attached, the cord has frayed and is now broken after only using the thermometer twice.  the two times i used it and it worked was great, the food came out perfect.  i would invest more for something you would use often.  this is cheap and i would not recommend it to anyone...madelin
cracked!!.we bought one for christmas and love the food sealer.  however, all the canisters have cracked.  so far, still holding the seal, but they are getting progressively worse, so it's just a matter of time.  these aren't exactly cheap, so i think it's safe to say that we should expect bettter
canisters crack.somewhere along the line, tilla/food saver decided to cut costs. screw grandma, she'll never comp it...i bought this system to use, not put on a shelf. so far the marinator hasn't cracked. most all of the canisters have. tilla/foodsaver says that they are sorry to hear that,  do nothing more. i glued the cracks on the bottom, only to make more cracks...more often than not, the seal doesn't hold on the canisters. tilla says there is goop. i say i wipe the canister  the seal...when it does work, this is great. but if you have to check things on a vacuum seal, that's stupid. i'm waitng for ronco, "seal it,  forget it"...also note, like condoms the bags have holes
do not trust- mine exploded.last night i measured 4 cups of boiling water into this pyrex dish to pour into a recipe, poured the water and set it down on the counter.  as i started to walk away it sounded like a gunshot.  the glass was all over in a 5 foot radius.  i just got this measuring cup for x-mas, it is new.  just do a search for exploding pyrex and you will see that i am not the only one this has happened to with newer pyrex.  i am just glad it didn't explode with the boiling water in it, and burn my feet or my dogs. buyers beware!!!
its ok.i just purchased a glass top stove and bought this because of the protective bottom. however, after using it several times, i would choose a different grill because of the following reasons:.#1 the spatter mess - there is virutally no way to prevent splatter when using this pan creating an unneccessary amount of post-cooking clean-up..#2 there is no option of purchasing a lid.#3 the pan itself has an odd rectangular shape that does not fit on one burner or two for that matter. thus, somewhere while cooking you have a cool spot
way too big.i have this set of utensils and was very excited when i purchased them.  however, after i got them home and put in my utensil crock, i realized how big and bulky they are.  they are too long, too heavy and just plain too big.and i am in search of smaller red utensils but they are very hard to find.  you can find cheap ones in white and black, but not red.  i'll keep looking though and retired these kitchen aid ones as soon as i do
don't immerse in water!.i agree with the other posters about the balance issues, but i have a problem with the handles holding water and flowing out when it is turned right-side-up (my cookies got soaked!)definitely keep looking.
too heavy on the handle end.these tools are made of high quality materials, and they look very nice. however, the ends of the handles are so thick and heavy that if you leave them propped on the side of a shallow pot or pan, or on the counter, they are very prone to flip out of the container or off of the counter, carrying food with them to the kitchen floor. this happened to me twice while cooking thanksgiving dinner. i will not throw them away, but i would never buy them again
returned item - heating element not sufficient.i have a 35 year old west-bend slow cooker that works better than this one, except the teflon finish is quite worn. tried to cook a roast and a stew in this new cooker, and after 10 hours it was not quite done. not happy with product, feel it may have been defective. heat was not evenly distributed; the pan itself seemed very thin and not of good quality (like an inexpensive light-weight teflon fry pan,that you use a few times and have to discard). also,it really doesn't have handles; just a slight "roll-down" at the 2 sides. item photo deceiving. returned a week ago. waiting for credit on my account. like west-bend products; may try another one
old model is better.i bought this griddle after borrowing my friend's cuisinart double burner griddle in april.  i liked that griddle so much that i tried to get one for myself.  unfortunately, i could not find the older model anywhere so i bought this one. this current model just doesn't seem as sturdy as the original nor of the same quality. i'm disappointed
not for use on ceramic flat cooktops.i was very disappointed when i received the griddle. the bottom only rests on a ridge around the outer edge of the griddle. it is not appropriate for use on flat cooktops. neither the picture or produce description indicated this
be aware!!!!!.after three days of ligth use, following the instructions given, it distort!!! don?t buy this thing!!!
false advertising.these are not non-stick racks..they are spot welded thin wire racks that have a chrome appearance which, if chrome, is easier to clean but certainly is not a non-stick surface..the package cover states "dishwasher safe - easy clean" and nowhere does the term "non-stick" appear on the package...definitely for bread/bake-stuff and not for cooling anything that might have a sticky substance in/on it.  nothing hot and still soft can go on the rack, unless you want a square grid pattern....you cannot use them in an hot area such as oven/bbq or like a trivet.  you cannot use any "abrasive" cleaner or pad on them either which means a long soak and scrubbing with rag/sponge if something is stuck to the surface.  .once the surface becomes scratched, it will rust very quickly so what they really mean by "nonstick" is that you need to use kitchen utensils that are made for nonstick coatings to place/remove items on the racks...i was going to use them for cooling bread-stuff as well as items that need to drip grease off of them before storing in the fridge/freezer(e.g., sausage, smoked  bbq...).  ..one out of two is okay for me but i am not happy that "nonstick" is being advertised.  the dishwasher here(*me*) does not work real good... :)..basically, cheap, use for a while and then throw away product..
if you can be extremely patient, you might get a slushie.o.k. nobody out there could have been rooting for this little machine more than me. my husband bought this for me for christmas (2005). i was thrilled...until we tried to use the thing. first of all, forget any of the recipies in the book. on that day we tried the very first one. all of a sudden, the machine started jumping around and making a loud clicking noise. we stopped it and looked and there was ice frozen all around the outside of the container. we melted that off and tried again. same thing. now, 4 months later, we have managed to get the machine to actually make slushies (within 30 minutes) only about 30% of the time. this machine will only make them with very high sugar solutions...even pop takes awhile. (we've been successful at using kool-aid with only about 3/4 as much water as it calls for.) the instructions say to keep adding ice/salt until it gets about an inch from the top. no! we have found through trial and error that any ice/salt more than 1/2 way up the container will cause this finnicky machie to freeze up and stop. the slushies are of a good consistency when they actually work, but our whole family of 6 agrees that this is a better idea than actual product. takes a long time and 32 oz of fluid will only make slushies for 1-2 people unless you give them out in tiny paper cups. not good for parties, etc. like it says on the box. kids would be crying all over. also, the machine is very loud. hard to have a conversation and you need to constantly check it and add tiny bits of ice. a real pain. the pour spout is nice, and it is easy to clean, but the frustration level is so high on this machine. following their little instruction book to the letter just won't work. like i said, everyone in our house has tried it, and it is just loud and frustrating...especially since when you crave a slushie, you crave a slushie and want it then...not maybe, if you are lucky, in 30 minutes or so. machine needs improvements...i'd spend my money on a better machine. sad to say, but only 2 stars.
a terrible product.i made two attempts to get this machine to work and both times it had problems.  after the unit runs for about 8 minutes, the unit starts shaking and making loud noises.  it shakes so hard it could literally fall off of the counter. the center section  that connects the lid to the cannister stops turning and therefore it deals with major resistance and makes horribly loud sounds.  if you remove the lid the sounds stop but this machine is not meant to run without its lid.  left uncovered, the ice would melt quickly and the mixture would be exposed.  i called euro-pro and the representative said i should be using crushed ice instead of square ice cubes (which the owner's manual recommends.) when i told her i'd have to use my blender to make crushed ice, she said i could just wrap some ice in a kitchen towel and break it up with a hammer.  she was certain the unit would work with crushed ice even though the manual does not make such recommendation.  you'd probably need to come up with about 4 cups of crushed ice to fill the canister.  i told her i don't have time to make crushed ice; i just want to fill the unit and have it work.  i am returning it to costco.  don't waste your time and money on this machine.
it would be faster to walk to the store....i tried mine with margarita mix (no alcohol, like it says) 45 minutes and 2 lbs of ice later and i had cold margarita mix that i then had to put in blender with ice so i could have my drink. this is going right back to the store. do not waste your time or money on this thing
another expensive junky toaster..here's another expensive piece of junk toaster that i was conned into buying. actually i went off the consumer reports web-site that gave the two slice model top ratings, so i thought this one was a good gamble... not...as you will read in many of the other reviews, this toaster will not cook each side of the toast evenly. it will not center the toast perfectly and the elements do not heat up evenly in any direction, so don't expect it to ever do a good job. changing from type of bread or to a different age of bread, has you constantly adjusting the temperature setting, which in the end always results in either one side burnt or one side white...also you have to turn the toaster around to get at the extremely shallow crumb trays. and lets not forget that mine wouldn't even sit level!..when it comes to buying a toaster, forget about consumer reports, and please don't buy this piece of junk. and if your still not convinced, read the other reviews
terrible, awful toaster.believe what you read...the reviews don't lie...its a terrible toaster.  toasts only on one side - i mean really...in this day and age, how hard is it to make a toaster that toasts both sides of the bread???  i assumed my first one was broken, but the second one behaves just like the first one.  what a waste...wish i had checked these reviews first.  i just didn't think i had to for a toaster
piece o' crap.this toaster is a piece o' crap. do not buy it. there are so many other choices out there. i'm going shopping for one right now...top 5 complaints:.- one of the slice units does not engage when depressed now! you have to stand there like an idiot and hold it down while it toasts to an imperfect state (have used about 6 times)..- toast is unevenly toasted, even on the same piece of toast.- toast is lukewarm when it pops up.- browning controls don't behave consistently.- you know, the toaster doesn't even look that attractive..dumb toaster. whack it with a racket
not worth it.very disappointed to find that this $20.00 chopper works no better (on onions, anyway, which is primarily what i use it for) than the $3.00 one i purchased at a chain dollar store. i was counting on the oneida name, but this item was a bust
tasteless tea.tea does not taste very good with the sunbeam hot tea maker.  this tea maker also uses too many tea bags.  it requires two tea bags to make 12 to 16 ounces of tea.  i was amazed by how quickly this item did make tea.  the reason it makes tea so fast is because it simply pours hot water over your tea bags.  why not boil water in the microwave and pour it over your tea bags?  you would get the same result.  this tea maker doesn't brew tea.  you really need to boil tea to get the flavor from the tea bags.  another interesting feature of this item is that you literally have to take it apart to clean it.  there are five different components that you will have to clean after every use.  a teapot is much easier to use than this.  it takes a little longer to boil tea in a teapot, but a teapot produces better-tasting tea.  you should try to get a good teapot instead of this.  modern whistling teapots are made of stainless steel and porcelain.  they brew tea in about 15 minutes.
coffee maker pretending to be a tea maker.the tea produced with this device is not steeped.  the water simply runs through the tea leaves similar to how coffee is made.  i timed how long it took 28 oz of water to run through on the mild and strong settings. on the mild setting the cycle completed in 5 minutes 5 seconds.  on the strong setting the cycle completed in 5 minutes 19 seconds.  this is not a tea maker
tea drop ads are misleading.as an avid tea drinker, i was excited about ordering this new product.  when it arrived, i couldn't believe that it worked just like a coffee maker and wasn't suited at all for tea...1.  it doesn't heat the water to boiling, which you need for good tea..2. the tea never steeps, despite the advertising from sunbeam.  the water drips through the tea quickly, just as water drips through coffee grounds.  i didn't see any difference in the settings on tea strength.  all the tea is extremely weak, as when you just dunk a tea bag in warm water for a few seconds...i called customer service at sunbeam to find out if i was doing something wrong.  the person i reached tried to work a machine himself, and then went to his supervisor.  he finally said that my machine was working fine, so there was nothing to be repaired under my warranty.  he asked me how long i expected the tea to steep, and i said that most teas recommend 5 minutes, but that this machine doesn't steep at all even at the highest setting.  it just drips through, like a coffee maker, and so i felt their advertising was misleading.  he said he would pass my complaint on, but there was nothing he could do for me.  i could return it, he said, if i had a sales receipt...that did not seem sufficient for me, so i am writing this review.  i wish i had read the other ones before purchasing it!  it is just a coffee maker that is over-priced and inaccurately advertised
to big for hamilton beach brewstation and stay or go coffeemakers.this filter does not fit in the hamilton beach brewstation and stay or go coffeemakers as previous poster indicated.  buy the hamilton beach 80674 water filter replacement pods and handle instead
filters don't fit!!  don't buy these!.these filters were suppose to fit my coffee maker according to the description, and they were way too big!! very disappointed
does not fit the hamilton beach brewstation 47211.since it pops up on amazon.com with the brewstation, you might believe these filters fit the coffeemaker.  they don't, so don't bother to buy them.  why they get associated on the website is a mystery
poor rating due to receiving damaged/poor quality product.i ordered this pan on two separate occasions from amazon. product was advertised as new. both were received with clear degeneration/defect in the non-stick coating. i wasn't willing to risk a third attempt. if you're purchasing, i'd recommend another seller than amazon
absolutely worthless!.such a shame, i loved this idea. the metal blades on this item bent the first time i used it. i was even trying to saw carefully as other feedback recommended.  i tried to use it twice and it was so bad that i actually threw it in the garbage after having it less than a week
i prefer a flat non-stick pan.we have never been able to get good crepes with this pan. if you dip the pan in the batter like they intend, the crepe basically cooks the moment you put the pan in, and then because it's nonstick, the (cooked) pieces fall off into the batter bowl. if you try to use a spoon of some sort to pour batter on the pan, it runs off. i recommend a non-stick, flat frying pan instead
it's ok but.....i like the donvier molds better.  this has a steel plate on top with holes for the sticks.  unfortunately, the sticks sink or float to the side because the holes are too big.  you have to hold the mold under warm water for about 10 seconds to get a frozen pop out of the mold
unfortunately, a bad design.this product is poorly designed. i am very sorry i bought it. .the metal top has slits of the precise dimensions of the popsicle sticks, but once the sticks are in liquid, they expand, of course, which makes them impossible to pull out of the lid!!!! the lid, in turn, contracts, squeezing the sticks even further, so to get them out, you have to strip the sticks through the metal holes. i am surprised that no leeway was built into this part of the product, and that the materials chosen, metal and wood, while nice and recyclable, were not more carefully evaluated for performance in changing temperatures. perhaps the mold can be used without the lid, but then the sticks will fall over until the liquid freezes.
neat, but lower your expectations.i purchased this because i wanted a bundt pan, but don't have the room for the space-consuming pans.  (all of my pans and oven-ware need to fit in the oven drawer).  it's great on that count because i can roll it up and squish it in, and it pops right back into perfect shape when it's needed.  i've only used it twice so far, in the year or so that i've had it.  the first time i used it i didn't really grease the pan as i should have because i thought it would pop out regardless.  not true, and we ended up with a crumbly cake.  also, there was a chemical smell (not on the food) but in the air while cooking.  .i just used it again last night for making a chocolate sour cream bundt cake.  (a great recipe from america's test kitchen!)  the recipe came out great, and i greased the pan as i should have (with butter and cocoa paste) and the cake popped out perfectly.  the real drawback was that it took much more time to cook.  i ended up baking it (nearly twice as long) for an additional 40 minutes - beyond the 45 minutes it should have taken!!  i'm not sure if it's that the silicone is somewhat insulating or what.  so anyway, the pan works well, but the cooking time may vary from the recipe.  .and yes, put it on a baking sheet to control the wobble while placing in the oven, and to aid in removing from the oven
not even the basics.you get what you pay for.  i was unimpressed with the sizes of the pans.  they are either way to small or way to large.  you either have a pan to cook for one or a pan to cook for 10.  you have to go out and get other pans to suppliment the missing sizes.  neither non-stck pan is big enought to cook more than one grilled cheese, and bacon has to be cut in half to fit in the frying pan.  i bought two sets (one as a gift) and wish i had known how difficult it was to cook in these pans before i got rid of my old pans.
does nothing for pet smells.i don't know what this shampoo is referring to as "pet" odors, but it sure has nothing to do with urine. it didn't do anything different from the sample shampoo that originally comes with the hoover steam vac.  the pet smell was still there as soon as the detergent fragrance left ( about 1-2 days ) ..i will not buy this again. better off buying a stronger strength regular detergent definitely  no for those with house pets that spend majority of their time indoors. if you're getting this for a pet who lives outside and are only cleaning up the dirt tracked by paws, then you can take care of that with regular shampoo.
not that good..we used this cleaner in our living room with our hoover steamer, after about a week of trying to housebreak our new puppy.  there were accident stains all over the place.  it didn't work that well, we did not see a difference between this and the regular hoover cleaner.  the stains wouldn't come out.  after giving up we went out and bought a gallon of nature's miracle stain  odor remover, which worked wonders.  if you really have some serious pet stains then i would recommend using the nature's miracle, even if you don't have pet stains the nature's miracle cleans non-pet stained carpet better than the hoover solution as well.  the carpet came out looking brand new.  this product is a bit too mild to work on tough stains
quit working after four months.i received the dr4 mr. coffee four-cup coffeemaker as a gift this past summer and the other day, mid-through the cycle, it stopped working.  the heat plate turned cold and the remaining water in the unit stayed in place.  contacting customer service three times led to not so much as a form letter, so i'm done with this brand.  i don't recommend it
leaks and no customer support.we are on our second mr. coffee ar5 4-cup switch coffeemaker, black.  both leak water onto our counter.  no reponses to my emails to mr coffee 'nonsupport'
wrong product.i was sent the wrong product. when i was making my purcahse online i specifically ordered a similar but programmable mr. coffee coffeemaker. i received an on/off switch one with a manual for a programmable coffemaker. now, according to the e-mail i received from amazon.com the refund hasn't been confirmed for some strange reason.. i made several purchases on amazon.com in the past. this last experience though is very discouraging..leonid frolo
taste like plastic.cleaned pot sveral times- after a few brews it taste like plasic.. i had a previous model and it was great -this is going to be thown out. i am glad it was only $2
skip this product.1 piece unit. afer grinding must tip whole unit to empty. cheaper is never better. looking to replace after first use
bad lid design.the lid for this grinder has a weird double wall, and coffee gets between the walls. it is very hard to clean.  the only work-around we have found is to load and assemble it upside-down.  then, you can turn it over and grind without too much problem with the seal.  our old krups never had any such problem.  i also bought a cusinart hand mixer recently, because it used to be a good brand.  both were fair to poor.  be warned
failed in two months.after two months of use, about twice a week, it stopped working.  the warrantee is useless.  it would cost about as much to ship it there and back as to replace it.  also, cuisinart customer service is about as useful as the cable company's customer service
shark cordless does not perform.i received the shark cordless hand vac model sv725 as a gift for christmas.  it has stopped holding a charge.  i called euro-pro and was told that i need to buy a new "battery pack" for $25.90 (cost+shipping).  i don't know how much this vac cost at purchase since it was a gift but i doubt it was much more than $29.00.  anyway, i don't want this brand of product any more.  also, years ago i had a dust buster (don't remember the brand but it was also a cordless vac), that lasted for at least 5 years.  i do not recommend this shark product at all!.  an
used twice doesn't work.don't buy this machine!!!! i recieved this for christmas and after using it twice, it quit working.  i have made a number of calls to the company, but keep getting cut-off.  they won't answer my e-mails. the only thing i can find out is on the warranty that says they will repair it for $9.95 plus shipping. i have only used it twice and it only costs $40, and they want $10 plus about $8 to $10 shipping to repair it. all they care about is selling these things and then you are on your own
waste of money.this vacuum doesn't do anything.  you are throwing money out the drain.  it has virtually no suction.  if it does manage to clean something up, the filter gets clogged in 2 seconds.  thus you spend more time emptying out the canister than vacuuming
this shark bites!.this is, quite possibly, the biggest waste of money ever. i purchased this vacuum after my hard-wood floors were refinished to keep then nice and clean. the first use must be after 24 hours of charging so i waited. the first use was ok. the battery ran out quickly (less than 15 minutes) and the attachment kept falling off. this was the best experience i ever had with this piece 'o junk. later the battery life got even shorter, the attachments dared me to use them and the attachment with the spinning bristles stopped working altogether. i was so mad! my husband took it apart and was able to get it working again, but it still wouldn't stay attached. i finally solved my problem by buying a new vacuum. i now own one awesome vacuum and one great doorstop. if you are bent on getting this vacuum then you should just mail the money directly to me. you would be far less frustrated. try the bissell butler revoloution instead, i did
mousepad as potholder.i ordered a pair of these recently, because i liked their unique style.  but they get dirty quickly, and are hard to clean.  they work about as well as you would expect a couple of mousepads to work as potholders.
do not buy.i wanted a handheld car vacuum.  i only got this because it had a cord.  i had a cordless black and decker which took forever to charge, so i exchanged it and got this...it is way too loud and it rattles pretty bad that others may find holding it a little bothersome...i must have vacuumed a little pebble in my car and it started smoking and now it's dead.  don't buy this
not an improvement over the classic modle..having owned this modle for a while i have found it to have more noise than power. it dosent pick up pet hair that well on low or high speed because the belt slips i have replaced it many times but it still slips, suction is only best on high speed (but its still not good), its lighter than the classic dirt devil but vibrates badly, it sounds like its ready to explode on high speed, the only things i liked about it was the cord and hose are stored on board. i dont recomend this modle at all it sucks (and not in a good way)
bad buy.good suction but the rotary brush has no power, it barely rotates when contacting carpeting.
piece of junk.i got this small vac for a birthday gift and is it loud. the bag gets clogged with dust and particles and loses suction. then one day, i was cleaning the stairs and i sucked up a small, tiny, little piece of gravel. (3-4 could fit on your little finger's nail.) after i sucked it up, the small piece of gravel got lodged in the motor it the motor died. first, it shot out dust and smoke and then "backfired." the stuff in the bag shot out from the hose and output vents. next, smoke started to come out of the output vent and overheated. this thing is dangerous. i mean, a fire hazard. i threw it out and just used my dyson for the stairs and chairs. i would just buy a nice upright or canister for the floors, stairs, chairs, etc
roller brush clogs  easily.i bought this mainly to clean up bird seed from the carpet.  i liked the fact it was electric, not rechargable.  i stopped using it after only a couple of uses because it got very hot and was noisy and the roller brush clogged very easy and wouldn't turn.  when that happened it barely picked up anything.  i even took it apart and the next time i tried to use it it immediately clogged again.  couldn't find the receipt so i'm stuck with it.  the only thing it's good for is the trash!!
slip slidin' away.....this corer's grip is slippery if your hands are wet.  (how often does this happen when you're working in the kitchen?)  also, because of its thin handle, turning the tool is not as easy as it should be
spout rusted and leaked after three months of use.if i could put a negative star on this product i would.  i purchased this item becuase i have always believe that calphalon made quality products.  i was so disappointed when, after only three months of use, the spout began leaking.  upon further investigation, i noticed that the spout had rusted away from the body of the kettle!  i then flipped the kettle over and saw the "made in china" lable proudly stamped to the bottom of the kettle.  i was no longer suprised that the kettle fell apart, just angry that i spent my hard earned american dollar on such a piece of junk.  i'll never purchase calphalon again - i'd be getting the same quality from an item purchased at walmart
what a disappointment!.$75 later and the teapot leaks.  calphalon won't respond to my e-mail.  bad business; bad product
looks great, doesn't hold water.another leaky teapot! i've had this teapot about 2 years now and it developed a leak at the weld joint on the spout. i was going to return it, but after reading the other reviews the scrap yard sounds like a better place for it.  previous to this,i had another style anodized teapot from calphlon, that one didn't last either. maybe they should get out of the teapot business and stick to pots and pans.
corroded at weld line.i really loved my tea kettle until it began to leak at the weld line where the spout attaches to the kettle. needless to say i was none too happy. but, calphalon was really nice about returning/ replacing. .we've had our replacement for about 4 months and now we are getting corrosion at the same weld line. i am getting pissed off, calphalon usually has high quality, but this tea kettle sucks
do not buy delonghi product.despite the high price, my roto fryer did not work from the day one.  the basket rotates when you first turn it on but it always stops working.  apparently, a lot of people had the same problem.  also, they don't have service centers in every state, so if you have a problem, it's going to be tough and expensive to get it fixed
junk.i bought a farberware kettle.  the boiled water had black specs in it.  no amount of cleaning ever made it come out with water as clean as went into it
not all it is cracked up to be.very nice board that fit the criteria of being pretty and thick which is what my wife wanted.  first board ordered arrived with a huge crack in the middle.  amazon was great and sent another board overnight to replace that one. 3 weeks later the replacement board, with very light use, developed a huge crack in it as well.  i cannot recommend this product and encourage others to look at different cutting boards
glue stays  turn uglier after 2 months used.the sticker glue never able to removed..don't purchased this cutting board unleast you willing to accept the glue stays on it forever
excellent product terribile packaging.i own many excellent lodge products and have purchased many of them from amazon with good results. however, this is one item you do not want to order over the web. this dutch oven is poorly packaged and has arrived with a broken handle twice! the first shipmet was shipped in the lodge box and the image of the product was completely worn off the box from the rough handling. the replacement shipment was inside a box from amazon that was twice as large but it was almost completely broken apart when it was received because there were too few airbags to keep the lodge box from shifting around during shipment, after two damaged shipments i requested a refund. if you are looking for a 7 quart dutch oven, i suggest the 7 quart lodge dutch oven with the spiral bail handle it shouldn't be damaged during shipment. lodge has great products and i have had many excellent transactions through amazon, however if you order this product chances are at best 50/50 it will arrive damaged,(in my case 100%)the item is too heavy for the packaging. save yourself the aggravation of sending it back and order the lodge 7 quart with spiral bail handle, it works great
broken.the item came in completely broken due to poor packaging by the company. there is absolutely nothing to protect the handles (which were broken off) and the lid
complicated.i have owned this coffeemaker for one week. i will admit it makes a great cup of coffee and the coffee does not get bitter. but, you must follow instructions completely and carefully, or you will have a very hot dangerous mess. .  the carafe must be closed with dots in a certain position for brewing. you must be sure the carafe is closed completely (dots again) to keep coffee warm. a few times we had the bottom of the filter get stuck and that caused an overflow of hot water and grounds. once causing a burn. now i must check the pop-up valve to be sure it is the correct position. there is no shut off button to stop the flow of hot water and hot grounds.  i had a party and it was frustrating teaching everybody to open the coffee pot, much less help by making a pot. i would never make coffee without supervising.. too much hassle! too many overflows and 1 burn
terrible product.i handled this product with extreme care, making sure it does not get in contact with sharp objects. despite all that care after 2 or 3 uses it started to leak. i can't even tell where it is leaking. i followed the instructions from their web site. nothing helps. i have to garbage the whole thing. a total waste. don't bother with their customer service. once they have your money they don't want to have anything to do with you
not what is pictured.the bed is nothing like what is pictured in amazons ad.  a complete misrepresentation of the product.  we have the style that is pictured in the ad and it is far more comfortable than what we received.
less than 8 hrs sleep.my main concern on the mattress i bought from amazon.com is the slow leak it had/has.  i can only get about 4 1/2 hrs of sleep before the matress changes from firm to flat.  this of course wakes me and i have to refill it (push the button - producing a vacumn cleaner sound) to get it back to firm and return to sleep.  i don't always get back to sleep for a couple of hours.  i never had this problem (leaks) with my waterbed, and it lasted 25 years before that matress got a leak.  one last thing, it's short. i'm 5'8" and seem to find either my head or feet always hanging out the top or bottom of the 60" length
very poor quality.also read the consumer reports review and bought them on this recommendation, but i am confident that there is no way that they used the same knives as i received.  quickly reboxed the set and will be returning for something higher quality.  there is nothing high quality about the metropolitan set.  the knives are very light and the plastic handles feel cheap.  the blades are thin and flexible.  this is good for a filet knife, but not what i want in my chef's knife.  the one positive is that the block provided was pretty nice.
worst crepe pan i've ever used.i make crepes a lot. crepes are, in general, quick to prepare and easy to make. i have a couple of different crepe pans i use, my favourite being a calphalon crepe pan. i've had good luck with crepes in everything from cheaply-purchased calphalon frying pans in the 'seconds' section of stores to analon pans purchased cheaply from amazon. ..i thought i'd pick this up because a) it's machine washable, b) it's got a nice look, and c) it got high reviews on amazon. i thought it might be nice to give it a shot as a quick, easy to clean, cheap pan i could use for sunday morning crepe cravings. ..big mistake. this has the worst non-stick coating i think i've ever used, and the design is incredibly substandard. it heats very unevenly, burning portions of the crepe while not cooking others, and then has to be scraped off just to get the leftover crepe bits off that stuck to the coating. this was after i'd sprayed the pan. just terrible.  it might be good for frying bacon or a grilled cheese sandwich or some such, but for crepes, this pan is a flop.
annoyed.i bought this pan due to the reviews and the price. i cant understand the praise. everything sticks.i used butter and i used oil to no avail. to be fair, i am accustomed to nonstick pans thus the 1 star. however, all i want to do is make eggs and not worry about a detailed cleanup. i have no use for this pan and it is in the garbage
product image doesn't make the real product.the pan in image looks bigger than the real pan i got.
weak battery, broke in less than a year with minimal use.my first cordless black and decker can opener was great.  i used it for many years until the battery would no longer hold a charge.  so in spite of some negative reviews here, i purchased this one.  this one is junk.  i open maybe 2 cans per week.  in less than a yera, this opener broke, i super glued it back together, and now it broke again,and can't be repaired.  the cutter is cheap and poorly designed.  the battery is so weak i didn't think it would make it around 1 can before completly drained.  save your money
terrible.i bought this based on the other reviews, but mine stopped working within six months of purchasing it.  it needed constant cleaning of the part that wasn't removable, in addition to sharpening ... and no, i wasn't using it to cut steel or pouring syrup all over it - just opening cans.  we ended up buying a replacement at a drug store for $8 that has worked exponentially better than this thing.  i am quite comfortable saying that it is by far the worst appliance i have ever owned.  save your money
weak battery, won't open large cans.this is the latest in a series of lousy electric can openers in my kitchen, and will probably be my last.  the battery on this unit allows you to open about four cans before needing a recharge.  just forget about opening anything large like a coffee can or a #10 can...one good thing about it is that it is easy to clean.  the blade assembly, like on many other units, can be placed in the dishwasher
battery doesn't last long - would not buy again.this product is ok when it works but i bought mine in october 2005, open a few cans a week and store it on the charger constantly and the unit is dead in less than one year.  i will go back to a bigger unit with a cord and i will be much happier
good for awhile--but no reliability.this was a terrific gadget--for a few months. it then died. while it seems to be charging ok (limitation: there's no charge light on the base, so you just hope for a positive mechanical connection), there just isn't enough oomph to get around even one can, at least most of the time, without major coaxing. the backup: open a drawer and use the old manual model. that appears the only reliable "cordless" device available...black  decker's quality on small appliances seems to have really gone down the tubes over the last few years. i'm replacing this with a corded model from west bend; bd will never again darken my kitchen
very dissapointed and frustrated.after having to take my daughter to the er when she cut her finger trying to open a can with one of the three horrible can openers in the house, i went out and bought this one...when i first brought it home it worked great (what a relief). i loved it, the kids loved it and it was easy to use...less than three months later it does not work...what does it take to get a durable, working electric can opener???
don't buy if you have a ceramic cooktop!.when i read the product literature before using this pan the first time, i was disappointed to see "not for use on ceramic cooktops." i feel this should have been in amazon's product description so customers know this before purchasing. i mean, it's no small detail--lots of people have ceramic cooktops! i gave it to my little sister who has an electric coil-top range
did the job, while it was working..this thermometer does the job you can expect from a thermometer-it gives you the temperature whithin whatever you are cooking. if this thing was working i can't see any reason why not giving it a 5, but since mine broke after a few months (like previous reviewer)i can't give it more than 1 star. $20 doesn't seem to be much but for a small piece of electronics i think that you should get more for your money
just set a $20.00 bill on fire instead of buying this thing.was great while it worked which was about 2 months.  from reading all of the reviews about these things, it seems like they are all garbage.  not just this brand and model, all of them have a high failure rate
poorly pack , a big dissappointment after waiting 4 months!!!!!!!!!!.i received my ariete  expresso maker damaged after waiting 4 months!!! the packing of this item is extremly bad!!! the plastic holding tank was broken into pieces because of the poorly designed package. the return process online is a joke as the email link does not provide a label and customer service will make your day trying to explain that you requested a return and did not get the label. dont know if the product is good or not ,but beware of the service from amazon!!
temperatures are wrong!.ok, after reading the great reviews about this gadget i bought. the first time i used it i verified with my handheld thermometer and the differences were almost 30-degrees! i changed the battery and cooked another dish. thermometer read 160 but my handheld thermometer read 135. i used my calibrated thermometer from school and the reading was 135. piece of junk!
pretty - but small.love the matching sugar bowl that comes with this butter dish, and the butter dish is very pretty, however it is too small!! or short rather.. you put a standard cube of butter in the dish and it squeezes the top of the butter and gets stuck. the lid does not touch the bottom of the dish  until you have used most of the butter. also it has to reach room temperature, so it becomes molded to the shape of the lid better, which in turn makes a mess. really, very unusual and it drives me nuts. i do not recomend the butter dish, sadly
warning: mattress toppers are all too small.i ordered a queen. it is almost a foot too small in both directions. others consumers are complaining about the same problem, so it is not isolated. this is unacceptable product labelling and there should be a warning, or the item should be pulled.
not the right size.well, first of all this topper came in a generic looking box that pretty much fell apart the second i got it from the post office. i  removed it, flattened it out the best that i could and let it expand.  i placed it on my queen sized bed and it's way too small...  i have read other reviews and know that it needs a few days to fully expand.  it has been 3 weeks now and i'm sure it's expanded to it's fullest i measuered it and it is 55 by 75 inches, that would be twin sized not queen.  it's too late now for me to return this and how would i repack it anyway?  i suggest anyone that wants a memory foam topper buy a name brand one, not this.  it's not fun wasting $100
not what i expected....i was a long-time user of toaster ovens, especially because they're so good for those hot summer months when you want to bake something but don't want to heat up your kitchen. the only drawback to a toaster oven was not toasting bread as quickly as a pop-up toaster.  i saw this one advertised, and begged my husband to get me one for christmas last year.  well, it lasted about two months.  i never could get a good toasting setting, and i was limited to two pieces of bread at a time.  but the worst part was that the "oven" part of the appliance is too small.  there was very little that i could cook in it, and i was used to cooking 9" loaf pans of meat loaf, baked potatoes, 6-cup muffin tins, and other such things.  none of them fit in the toaststation.  i'm now the proud owner of a 6-slice toaster oven, having decided i'd rather have the space for more things in the oven, plus the capacity for more than two slices of bread at a time
too small for toast.the first thing we tried to do after purchasing this was toast two pieces of bread.  we could not fit two slices side by side and part of the bread stuck out of the top.  returned
i hate it.the toaster is terrible. it does not brown the toast evenly. i got this applicance as a christmas present last year and in that time i have not found a good setting for the toast. it's always either too light or too dark. the oven is almost as useless as the toaster. it's only large enough to fit about two slices of bread
i hate it!.i fell in love with my vintage toaster oven, the first i ever had. but i wanted a more up to date oven for my counter. i requested a new toaster oven for christmas and received this one. took me a good 4 months to toss the old one and put this on the counter, i wish i could dumpster dive for the old one!..this toaster oven is useless as an oven, less than perfect for toast...frozen waffles will come out toasted but with a 1/2 inch cold soggy edge as it does not toast the full height of the waffle. toast is adequate...dont bother trying to heat items up or cook anything, as it will be burnt black on top and raw inside. ..i used my old toaster oven to bake cookies, i could never use this the same. ..my opinion, buy a $5 toaster, it will work just as well and take up less space
yes, it is beautifully flawed..sure it's pretty, but it's also pretty useless.  like hobbs (another reviewer) noted, the knob to hold the fan at a particular angle doesn't hold.  so it blows air where it wants, not where i want.  obviously, this is a problematic product.  i should have known better, given how many "factory reconditioned" ones i have seen available.  gee, wonder why the factory has so many available to recondition.  dumb me for buying it.  do yourself a favor and find a real vintage fan at a thrift store.
beautifully flawed pt. 2.i agree with another reviewer in that the fan is very nicely designed [something i place a lot of importance in] however, practically everything about this fan is aggravating. from having to disassemble it to clean the blades to the fact that on the low speed it rattles to the fact that the side knob to hold angle doesn't actually hold. this product *looks* like it's rock solid but it's a flimsy item
registers 100 degrees too high.since i have many oxo items in my home, i thought that the oxo oven thermometer would also be good. boy was i wrong! when the oven beeped to say that it had reached its temperature, the thermometer didn't read anywhere near what it should read. it took about 20 minutes for the thermometer to finally read what the oven temp was set at. then, to make things worse, the oxo thermometer started registering at least 100 degrees above what we set the oven for. i have since bought a cheaper but reliable thermometer name which is registering just fine. in the meantime, i've had to recalibrate my oven several times to make up for the drastic readings the oxo gave me. sorry i ever bought it to begin with
100 degrees off what it should have been.the oxo thermometer i purchased was to replace a cheap grocery store version i'd been using.  nice concept, but mine was grossly inaccurate.  my oven runs between 17 and 25 degrees below what it should be, not the 100+ degrees indicated by the oxo unit
a word of caution.if you are looking for a thermometer for an old oven that does not have an oven light, this thermometer is not for you. it relies mostly on the oven light to backlight the face for reading. otherwise it is a accurate, and clips to the rack very well
i'm sending them back.i ordered the orange and the red.  the colors were much more drab in person.  the cumin is actually burnt orange from the 70s
not microwave friendly....these dishes are beautiful...however, they can't go in the microwave. i often reheat coffee in microwave, so i was very surprised when i went to take the cup out and it burnt my hand.
sturdy but ugly.the color on this is uneven and very dark its suposed to be cobalt, but is black to indigo.  don't be fooled by the picture, this bowl is very dark there is none of the vibrancy seen in the picture, except where the glaze is thin on the outside in odd ridges, there the color is closer to a pale indigo. this creates an unatractive stripping that looks cheap. but there is very little blue or cobalt color to this bowl
not microwave friendly....these dishes are beautiful...however, they can't go in the microwave. i often reheat coffee in microwave, so i was very surprised when i went to take the cup out and it burnt my hand.
don't get these, get he $49.99 pacific coast eurofeather pillows.i have a set of the $49.99 pillows that are titled "pacific coast feather eurofeather queen pillows, set of 2".."pillows" instead of this item which has "pillow".  it is well worth the $20, these cheap pillows are no were near as conforming as the $49.99 version.   you can really feel the quills through the pillow but with a pillow cover not as much.  i would recommend the $49.99 versions but not the $29.99 ones
i hate these pillows, they smell like a henhouse!.granted i have never had feather pillows before so maybe this is what is to be eppected but they have no neck support whatsoever, they make disturbing crunching noises whenever i move my head and they positively reek like a dirty henhouse. gross! home on the range ain't for me. i detest these, and threw them out
very disappointing!.i was skeptical about the quality of these pillows at such a low price but the reviews were so positive that i thought i'd give them a try anyway.  upon receiving them, i'm led to believe that the reviews are actually for a different pillow in the pacific coast line.  i did not have high expectations because i knew they were feather, not down, but i found them to be heavy and dense.  but worst of all, the quot;special finishing that makes them leak proofquot; crackles because there is evidently a layer of plastic/vinyl which serves to prevent the feathers from poking through.  oh well, i guess i should have know better... i'll be returning them
not so happy.i bought this cuisenart food processor two years ago since i have liked cuisenart products in the past. though it looks nice i don't particularly like how you have to click the bowl and the stopper into place - they have gotten stuck and it takes more fumbeling than necessary. the bowl had a small crack within weeks ( just from normal usage) but it still worked. i make a lot of breads and was excited about the dough feature but the motor clearly struggles - the machine moves around and gets very hot. after a kitchen contractor managed to start a kitchen fire (don't ask) which melted down the bowl, lid and stopper i looked to replace them. not only was customer service less than helpful, they were unreasonable expensive and not even in stock. imagine not getting replacements on a two year old widely used appliance and no help from customer service. ?!?  i ended up buying a kitchenaid foodprocessor which was not only slightly cheaper but has a stronger motor and a better rating in consumer reports plus great customer service. it makes dough without any effort and the setup is simpler and seems sturdier. i wouldn't switch back even if i got a free cuisenart
do not buy microplane products if you live in europe!.fantastic product, but way overpriced in europe.  the company website lets you order online, but has separate websites for both usa and europe.  you can only order from usa website if you live in usa.  we europeans are forced to pay highly inflated prices of more than 120% markup (i.e. more than double) that of the prices on us website, and if you search around to shop in europe you will find prices much the same.  ..this company is controlling market prices and screwing us europeans with huge markups.  it can get away with this because it is treating all european countries the same.  ..please don't buy this product if being treated fairly matters to you.  it's the only way to get them to listen
dangerous kettle..metal casing gets burning hot.changed for the white plastic version which gets 5 stars from us
fair product.was disappointed in the quality of this krups electric kettle.  the base is made from cheap plastic and the top portion of the kettle contains much plastic as well.  i purchased a breville electric kettle a few months prior to this purchase and will be sending this krups back and getting another breville.  some company needs to come up with a totally stainless steel model (lid and all).  breville model is more elegant, better design, and has less plastic exposed to boiling water and steam.
dangerous appliance.i bought this item to replace another electric kettle that was made primarily of plastic. i thought this would be a superior product as it is stainless steel. there is a major design flaw that renders this kettle dangerous. ..there is no provision in the design to protect your hands or fingers from the scalding hot metal surface of the exterior of the kettle. the area around the handle is dangerous. the lip around the lid is scalding hot. if you are not extremely careful when lifting the kettle, you can and will burn your knuckles when they contact the body of the kettle. if you are not right on target when you go to remove the top, you will burn your fingers on the kettle. if you are carrying the kettle and your hand/knuckles comes into contact with the body of the kettle, you may drop the thing and scald yourself and anyone nearby...this is unfortunate, because it is a good looking kettle. i intend to attempt to return it for a refund. i have stopped using it...my other observation is that it is very noisy compared to the kettle i replaced. it begins to make "boiling" sounds from the water almost immediately upon starting - it is not boiling, of course, but the amount of noise it makes while heating up is odd. someone in my household heard the kettle "boiling" and poured me a luke warm cup of tea...sorry  -- i do not endorse this product at all
very small bowls.i returned this item because they were very small bowls.  i thought that they are different in size and bigger, but the once that i received were very very small and were not what i was looking for
don't expect to use as a multi-purpose pin....this pin has awesome non-stick properties, but don't expect to use it as a multi-purpose pin.  we opted for the french style thinking it would offer versatility - from pastry to pizza to tortillas, etc.  during the first use - pizza dough - there came a loud snap as the pin cracked in the middle.  the silicone sleeve did not tear, but there was a distinct bulge. granted, there was a great deal of pressure applied to each end, however, it never occured to me that the core of this pin would be made of something so delicate. disappointed, but very impressed with the non-stick properties of the silicone, we ordered the sil-pin baker's pin - sans handles - and are quite pleased with it...bottom line:  if you plan to roll only pastry, this pin will work .  if you want a pin that can do it all, opt for the sil-pin baker's pin
great looking and functional but way too loud!.this blender looks great on the counter and functions well; we use it daily to make smoothies and it chops ice easily...however, i've owned six blenders and this is by far the loudest. i expect a blender to be very loud, but this is truly ear-splitting. my last blender was also an osterizer and the noise level was much better. ..we've lived with this one for about four months and have finally had enough and are going to buy a different blender. (i'm going to look at consumer reports and see if their reviews cover noise level!)..perhaps i just got a bad one and most are fine, but i'd stay away from this model
utter garbage!.we bought an oster beehive classic based on reviews here that said it had an ultra-strong, all-metal drive shaft. well, we had it for a week when the "ultra-strong, all-metal drive shaft" sheared right off: it is actually all-rubber in construction: the metal does not go all the way through!..i called oster, and they agreed to send a free replacement. it arrived today (after a two week period with no blender). my kids got excited and asked for smoothies. i very carefully followed the manual's instructions, filling it with juice and adding one, tiny, pathetic half-strawberry at a time. on the last one, there was a sickening clunk, and, you guessed it! the drive shaft sheared off again! this happened five minutes ago, and i will quite definitely not buy another oster. there was no abuse or misuse here, folks: this product may be super solid, but the weak link is the rubber transfer coupling, and it will break, leaving you fifty dollars poorer...save your money
waste of time and money.  piece of junk..this is my first review, but please save your money.  the vacuum is too much work being bagless and is messy.  i'm going back to the bag.  it's always breaking and the knobs are cheap.  mine just broke off and i've only had this for 6 months.  im going to take this thing back.  i thought hoover was top of the line, but this thing proves otherwise.  i wish i had returned it the first month
belt replacement.i have spent over an hour trying to change the belts on this vacume cleaner.  i finallly quit and will go buy a different vacume. not a hoover
horrid, horrid machine!.i have never written a review, but if this makes just one person pause before they purchase this machine, it was worth the effort. ..this is the most miserable product i have ever had the misfortune of purchasing. i have had mine for a little over a year, and have had the following problems: broken belts (multiple, i have actually lost count), unit emits burning smell when used, self-propel belt keeps slipping off and disabling the feature (requiring dimantling of machine to repair), dust cup is a nightmare to empty (i mean really, really awful and messy) and fills much too quickly, unit tips over when left alone, and the machine is unusually loud and is getting louder each time i use it. ..i will never buy a hoover product again! this was not worth any amount of money. if i could give it less than one star, i would.
bad purchase.smaller than i thought it would be - short and squatty. pitcher spills everytime you pour when over half full, and top will not seal, just sits on top and won't even let you pour around it, you have to remove it to pour from the pitcher
they smell and are way too low..these pillows fluff up nice but will have to be used on top of others. they also smell of chemicals
maybe i expected too much?.i was very excited about the prospect of silicone bakeware. silicone seems to be the wonder material of the 21st century, yet, i have been disappointed with the results. the tube pan is very bendy and when i giggled it a bit to see if my cake was loose enough to remove, i wound up with a crack right down the middle. when i got my cake out of the pan (easily), the center was as white as when it went in the oven. i'm used to having the centers brown up with my regular tube pan...i've used other silicone bakeware and have had varying degrees of success depending on what i bake in them. buyers beware
don't like this one.i've had a krups burr grinder for many years and like it, but when i started making french press coffee, i needed something that would give me a coarser grind.  i bought this one and didn't like it from the beginning.  it's very awkward to empty the ground coffee, it gets all over the place.  but the real problem with this coffee grinder is getting the amount of ground coffee that i want.  sometimes i set it for, say, three cups and that's what i get, and other times, it seems to forget to turn off and i get more than double that.  i'm looking for a better designed machine, but until i find one, i'm going back to my krups
don't buy if you're going to juice everyday..i bought this item on 10/22/06, the first week i loved it but within 3 weeks of jucing 3-4 times daily the blade is dull.  i normally juice apple(cored), pear(cored), celery, carrots, grapes, kale or chard, red peppers.  i have followed the directions from day one and have even tried their suggested vinegar soak on the filter basket to no avail. ..my final conclusion is this just isn't the juicer for someone planning to juice 2-3 times a day, 7 days a week.  i'm returning this one.  ..a serious juicer for life
thermometer.i found this thermometer erratic and misleading.  it does not register the temperature quickly, and is not consistent.  it has been of no use to me
don't do it!!!!.we bought the entire 10-piece set from amazon for $299.99 2 years ago.  this was a great knife at first, good balance and super edge, but about 3 months after we started using it, the grand chef knife developed a small chip in the cutting edge.  over the next year, about a dozen small chips appeared in the cutting edge and for the past 6 months it has become so damaged it is un-usable.  we expected a near lifetime of use at this price, but were very disappointed.  supposedly a 25 year warranty but no-one knows how to get it replaced.  try another brand is our advice.  randall evers, 5880 carell ave., agoura, ca 91301  ps, when surfing the net to find some way to replace it, i saw a similar negative review for the exact same problem--chips in the cutting edge
worst brand of bakeware on the market.airbake products are horrible! i have used the cookie sheets multiple times and i have had nothing but problems. there products over-brown everything you cook and the food sticks no matter how well you grease the pans. i have better luck using my old cheap non-stick bakeware than airbake. buyer beware! if you do choose to buy this brand of products grease the pans generously and cut the bake time and oven temperature
calphalon doesn't honor their warranty.we bought 2 non-stick calphalon pans less than a year ago.  we treated them with care, hand washing them etc.  after a couple of months one of the pans started having the non-stick coating come off.  no problem, we thought.  there is a lifetime warranty.  right?  well, we sent the pan in for a warranty replacement.  what we got back was our defective pan and an unsigned form letter accusing us of subjecting the pan to "caustic agents."  this, of course, is nonsense.  both pans were subjected to exactly the same conditions, but only one started disintegrating.  neither pan has ever seen the inside of a dishwasher as we only hand-wash teflon-coated pans.  neither pan has ever been subjected to excess heat.  but calphalon would rather accuse a customer of abusing their product than honor their warranty.  so, my advice: avoid calphalon.  the store brand set we bought at costco 10 years ago is still perfect -- at a fraction of the price. . . .  i wonder how much of that calphalon teflon is still in our bodies..
poor pour.yes, it looks good in my blue kitchen. but the water doesn't pour cleanly out of the spout - it's more like uncontrollable spewing, even when "poured" slowly, and boiling water splashes all over the counter. also very difficult to fully empty. sorry i threw out the box, or i'd send back
water tastes like plastic  filter is of poor design.on the plus side, the kettle boils water quickly, it's inexpensive, and the overall design is clever. unfortunately, a couple of problems with this item may force me to abandon it..i've been using the kettle for about a month and the water still has some kind of plastic chemical taste to it. i can taste it through the tea. i've tried detergent, bleach, and have boiled around a gallon of water a day with it. i've tried to ignore the taste, and convince myself that the chemicals are harmless but harmful or not it makes the tea taste bad. .the filter keeps falling off and it was detached when it arrived. my instruction book doesn't say much about the filter, but without the filter it won't automatically shut off. .it was only around 20 bucks but i've wasted quite a bit of time with this item, cleaning it and fussing with the filter, and i feel bad about ingesting the chemicals. .i want an energy efficent, quick way to make tea, so i will continue trying to clean the darn thing, and if i find something that intervenes with this chemical leaching process i'll update this review. until then i must return to the primitive task of boiling the water in a microwave oven
hmmmm boils water....but.i only gave this 2 stars because the filter keeps falling off and without it securely in place and the lid shut just right it doesn't turn off!
false advertising.this kettle is advertised as having a concealed heating element..when i opened the box and took it out, the element was right.there staring me in the face.  now i am having problems returning it.  i will never buy from west bend or amazon again.
disappointed.the kettle is constantly on in our house for tea, so an electric kettle is a must!  we have been through a number of electric kettles over the years (most stop working properly after the warranty period, but we use ours many, many times during the day, so we get good wear out of them.)..we loved the sleek look of this kettle, but ended up disappointed...we had the kettle for 10 days, and after 5 days, it stopped turning off automatically.  it also had a very strong plastic smell, which flavored the water.  we tried many things to get rid of the smell, but it still has a slight after-taste and smell.  sadly, it has not performed as expected and we will be returning it and ordering another brand.
let down!.disappointed to find that the lid separates allowing liquids to gather in lid and leak out..but does keep coffee hot and does not leak once lid is on and tight.....
the "look" i wanted......i wasn't as impressed with these canisters as i had hoped, not for the price.  they have the look i wanted, but not the quality i had hoped.  they are very light and the top piece is cheap plastic.  i have compared them to some i had almost purchased at bed, bath  beyond.  for the same price, i could've got heavy duty containers with glass tops.  but they do seal well, so they perform their main purpose.  also, be careful when washing them (i recommend hand washing, i don't think they will withstand a dishwasher), the water kind of gets trapped between top piece and the rubber ring that seals the cannister.  you have to dry really well or water will leak into the cannister..65% satisfactio
categorically wrong..i am very disappointed in this blanket--though some could be considered my fault.  i searched soley for "electric blankets" and when this came up over and over, i thought i would try it for the price.  it is not electric, but that is the category i found it in--and still find it in.  "queen size, electric blankets only."  other than that, it is way too expensive for a nonelectric blanket--and probably way too inexpensive had it been electric!  i just don't want anyone else to be mistaken.  it may work out, but i did not need another regular blanket and it is not very soft.  good luck shopping
cheapest blanket ever.it feels nice and soft, but this blanket started turning to fuzz from the day i started using it.  leaves lint and fuzz everywhere... i donated mine to charity a few weeks ago and am still finding the same little fuzz around the house and on my clothes to this da
raggedy!.i made a mistake in buying this item thinking since i had one when i was little it would be similiar.it is not,the edges are stiff and strings are pulling out.the fuzz all over the blanket gets all over your sheets.it is a raggedy sorry substitute for my cozy soft one i remember
dont wash.these are nice usethrow type blankets. originally i purchased it for occassional guests. now i can not after a single wash. really bad quality! [...
don't wash these often!.i bought 2 of these blankets, one for each of my kids.  they provide extra warmth to their bed, and that's about it.  i am so glad i didn't pay more than $10 for these a piece. not worth it. every time i have to wash these (and with kids currently potty training, they need to be washed!), the decorative trim on the top of the blanket.. the hem?..  gets more and more ratty, pulling apart from the main piece of fabric. every time i  wash them, i have to get the scissors out, and it is driving me insane
would of been nice.....sure could of wrapped up in this, had my order been shipped to me, kept the certificate and the products..
awful.a set of aa bateries will only power this thing for about 2 weeks...if it works.  it's really messy.  the battery compartment on mine was so cheaply made that i had to use some aluminum foil to get the batteries to make contact.  excess humidity in the air causes the food to clump which then blocks the food from coming out.  i could go on but if you are still considering it at this point that's your fault
disappointed....i had the teakettle was over a year now. the inside of the kettle is discolored and appears to have rust spots. i have other stainless steel pots, and none of them became discolor or develope rust spots like this one. i don't want to drink rusty tea. i stop using it
this type of tea kettle should be outlawed.this type of spout is very dangerous. you can get a very serious steam burn while removing the spout. i have written to several companies asking them to please discontinue this type of design.
mine ended up in the trash..i purchased mine about 18 months ago, but finally threw it out because of safety concerns.  as others have indicated the handle gets way too hot.  if this is same exact kettle, i'm really surprised it's still being sold
safety risks with kettle handle.unlike other reviewers i liked the removable whistle maker on the spout--just remove it before you pick up the kettle handle.  however, what troubled me was the continual loosening of the screws in the handle--one day i picked up the kettle and the handle started to come off the pot because the screw was loose!!!  no matter how tightely we screwed the handle back on nor how many times we did so, it always started loosening itself immediately.  despite how much i liked the pot i had to throw it away
a low quality peel.the peel warped and broke after i hand washed it for the very first time. i had just taken it out of the box and had not even used it. the wood appeared soft as other reviewers had noticed
not warm at all (even with preheating!).i have always heard great things about nissan products (or maybe i assumed they were great because they are more expensive than even starbucks products). however, i am very disappointed with this products. it doesn't keep the liquids hot, even after i preheat it with hot water. sad, but true. also, the lid leaks. save your money and buy any other kind of insulated mug. this is not worth the money
not very good.i thought i waw buying decent quality, but not so.  these are basically like putting a white hanes t-shirt on your pillow
chrome plate of beater falls off.after using it several times to beat whip cream, chrome plate of the beater started to fall off. regarding the price, i would not complain, but i also would not recommend to anyone expect for those who love to have chrome particles sprinkled all over their cake
ok, but not great.this does the job fine, but if i had it to do over again, i would have gotten an all stainless one.  not being able to put this in the dishwasher is a huge drawback.  my two favorite words are "dishwasher safe," but to not be able to put something that touches raw poultry in the diswasher is insult to injury.  i am pricing others and it looks like i'll be dropping at least $18
metal bits in the meat  grey sludge too.we have had this for a few months and we have metal bits in our meat and a grey sludge that drips out. in addition, even with following the cleaning instructions we have rotten bits of meat that stick in the grinding tube. also, the grinding  meat platform seem to be made of a cheap pot metal that oxides like crazy so we have grey dust on our hands when we touch it...we own lots of kitchen appliances and this one is by far the worst. we are looking around for an all stainless steel grinder to replace this one with. this appliance is by far the most energy  time intensve to even try to clean that we have used.
not up to the job, gears broke in under 2 weeks.i bought this grinder in canada for $149 to grind raw chicken necks and backs for our dog...i never seriously stressed this grinder, but in under 2 weeks the internal gears actually broke.  it's as if there are low grade metal gears inside to help save money...the bones are all non-load baring bones, that are part of the chicken necks and backs, bones i can normally cut with a knife...needless to say, i'm disappointed, and i recommend people get an ordinary hand grinder, the ones with the big long handles..i simply don't trust any manufacturers with the fluff they stuff inside these boxes
a piece of trash.the plug won't stay in place. cuts off randomly!! set it and forget it?? no! set it and come back in 2 minutes and it's cut off again! not worth it. really not worth it!
chills okay, but "chill cells" are oozing..the product works ok, but then we don't like our chardonnay super cold either.  i'm not so sure that an ice bucket filled with ice and water wouldn't do the same thing in just slightly more time. (you might want to try that before buying this chiller.) my primary reason for writing this review is to say that after about 3-4 months of intermittent use, the chill cells are oozing out freezer gel.  they say it's "food safe", but nonetheless, that shouldn't happen.  i'll contact brevelle  hopefully, they'll make it right
mediocre.i bought this on a whim, as a gift. it's certainly not all it claims to be; neither is it a total failure. ten minutes gives you reasonably cool wine. ..in my book, three stars is a typical, average product. this gizmo loses a point for being $50 instead of $15.
cord issues.the cord doesn't retract as advertised. save the $5 and get the dx-1700 instead
i agree with tim.i have an antique ng and taylor carbon steel wok that has worked incredibly well for 30+ years.  round bottom so i can scoop food up the sides when needed and when i turn the heat off, the heat starts to go away.  i tried cooking on a friend's lodge wok and the meal was almost over by the time it heated up and it was still hot when people started going home.  i love cast iron, especially lodge, but woks should be carbon steel and not cast iron or non-stick
~ buyer beware ~ just for show item ~.this is a " only for looks " item. it is not very warm. i put this as a decorative piece over my feather blanket. it does have some discoloration. it looks like it has sat in the sun for a while. the upc regular price is $99.99 not $150.00 as stated. it does come with flyaways that need to be trimmed. do not pull them the material on top is nice loking but will tear or fray if pulled. i doubt this will make it out of the washer...much less the dryer. becareful with the bed skirt it is so thin it needs to be placed in place do not pull it or you will tear it in half. also you will need to order the next size or bigger. the californis king i ordered barely fits over the top of my full size bed. this is not children friendly. it is a nice to look at set but needs to be handled with care. the pillow shams are nice.
picture doesnt match colors.i bought this and the colors are much golder than expected.  in dim light it looks bronze/brown.  also, the material patches between the silk started ripping only 1 month later, before i had even washed it...not good quality even for 40 bucks
personal cooling system.i was satisfied with the price, shipping, and communications.  the idea behind the product is ingenious, and the design, engineering, and quality of finish is very good.  unfortunately, it doesn't work very well
waste of money.do not buy this product. for people living in the hot desert, or even sunny florida, this is not the product you want...it surely delivers some cool feeling the first 2 minutes you put it on (only because of the cold water not the equipment), but it wears off rapidly. if you are in real need of coldness, then i suggest wearing a wet towel or bandana, and stay properly hydrated. you wont look as dumb as if wearing a big noticeable collar and look different than everyone else...this product would work better if it only had more cold generative power for hot temperatures...not recommended for desert temperatures
mixed bag.i really wanted a cover for my bowl -for raising dough, covering things to be used later, etc. the dip in the lid makes storage hard and takes up a lot of space - bad design. i understand why it's there, but how many people store the lid and bowl together
don't buy appliances from amazon!!!!!!.goodbye to buying on amazon, atleast appliances or electronics! buy from anyone with a better policy for higher cost items. amazon is using their wonderful 30 day return policy [may be fine for books] but not for an $800 espresso machine! within 6 months, the kitchenaid "on" button broke - not a great sign for quality. though kitchenaid will exchange it, we don't see this as kitchenaid's best product. most stores would credit you, but not amazon. we've spent alot of money with these guys, but not now
sheets irregular to the extreme.the sheets arrived soft and after washing stayed colorfast but shrunk.  they were difficult to get on the mattress
ok, the sheets weren't expensive but what a disappointment!.after one wash the fitted sheet shrank and color leeched onto it so it has grey splotches in places. we don't even have a deep mattress but now the bare mattress shows on the sides. it'll have to go in our next garage sale.
terrible and impossible.my husband came home with this vacuum very pround of its price and looks... i started using the thing and i really don't recommend it!! it is impossible to clean the filter or empty it correctly. it does a terrible job at picking up anything, not even crumbs or a small ripped piece of paper towel!! a real dragg that ended up promptly in the basement
not worth the money ....light weight, easy to handle, but the major flaw is that it doesn't really pick up anything ... this vacuum is just a very poor performer in what it is supposed to do ..
i rated it a 1 star only because that is the lowest available.they say there are no absolutes in this world. well this "vacuum" refutes that theory. it is an absolute waste of time and money. if you totally field strip it and clean it every time you use it, it is mediocre at best the little shark that came free with the big one was overpriced! i wish i had found this sight before i wasted my money on this pile of junk.
umm...a vacuum should pick stuff up -- not spit it out!.this vacuum picks up some stuff. it also spits back out a great deal. so you never actually get your carpet clean. i have had it less than a year and i hate it. i always hope it will just completely shut down so i can feel better about replacing it so soon. and the hose gets clogged really easily. you spend more time trying to make it work than getting any cleaning done. the worst part is that shark products are not cheap. they are more expensive than a lot of reliable brands and yet shark products get terrible reviews
let me tell you the truth behind the shark pursuit.let me tell you about the worst vacuum cleaner on the market... the shark pursuit hepa bagless vacuum. i had talked my mom into buying this one for three main reasons, the look, its size, and its price. ..when we first bought it, it was great. it worked perfect, and had great suction. the heads were convenient as we could switch out for different surfaces and to reach in smaller places. and unlike our older one, this one had the hepa filter which reduced the amount of dust that would become airborne when the vacuum sucks it in. but a really cool feature back then was how the power cord would get sucked back into the machine at the push of a button. gets rid of the whole tangled cord mess which i know everyone has had to deal with. it was pretty much a lazy factor... i didn't have to spend the time or energy to twirl the cable back onto the vacuum...now lets start up with how much i hate this vacuum cleaner. first and foremost is the brush heads they provided. after about a months use, the most important head broke down. the carpet cleaner head was done for... it no longer spun the brushes. what you need to realize is that if the brushes don't spin, the brushes themselves prevent the suction from even reaching the carpet. so i spent about an hour taking it apart and fixing it. a week later, the head broke down again. i gave up on it and left it alone. the only way to remove the dust and junk that this vacuum sucked up was by pushing a button on the top which would release the bottom of the tank that held the dust. bad design... if you don't want half of the dust coming back up on you, you have to go outside to dump the tank into a bag. now this once great hepa filter was junk... on the box, it stated that you would never have to buy another filter for it as it was a "convenient" tap clean filter. two major issues with this. first being the tap clean part. when you tap it, nearly all the dust flies into the air, and you still don't get all the dust off the filter. second being that the manual suggests replacing the filter at least twice a year to "improve its efficiency." now, let me bring you to the most important aspect of a vacuum cleaner... the suction. the fact that it is 1300 watts simply signifies the strength of the engine being used, not the suction itself. the vacuum cleaner can't lift regular dust from the floor when directly pointed at them. no joke... i stuck the vacuum cleaner without any of the non-functioning heads under the sofa hoping it would at least suck up the major dust... it failed. so i still relied on the swifer to do the job. my mom and i stopped using it about 2 months after we bought it and since then, have gone to using our old reliable one...overall, this is definitely not worth the money. i would say on a five star rating scale i would give the shark ep724 pursuit hepa bag less canister vacuum a negative... unfortunately, i am stuck with resorting to a 1
poor design.yesterday i bought a used shark ep724.  the brush needed cleaning, which took over an hour to take apart--the only effective way to clean it--clean, and put back together.  in doing that, it became clear that suction was not going to cause the roller to spin; the design was too chintzy for that.  what i didn't realize was that the unfunctioning mechanism would prevent most suction from even reaching the carpet.  but it did.  this wasn't the result of something being broken, just the result of a really poor design.  btw, the manual suggests buying each of three filters at least twice a year
i hate this vacuum cleaner!!!!!.i would give this vacuum cleaner a zero if i could. ..i hate this vacuum cleaner.  it used to work ok on non carpeted floors but not it is just completely useless. it doesn't even pick up pieces of dried rice from the floor (and that is with the canister emptied).  for your own sake, invest in a better vacuum.  for the same amout of money, you can buy a much better vacuum.  i would suggest anything panasonic or miele.  ..do not buy this vacuum cleaner..do not buy this vacuum cleaner..do not buy this vacuum cleaner..do not buy this vacuum cleaner..do not buy this vacuum cleaner..do not buy this vacuum cleaner..do not buy this vacuum cleaner..do not buy this vacuum cleaner..do not buy this vacuum cleaner...you will thank me
feeling cheated.i've ended up writing this review while trying to find customer service info for shark online. the machine did a decent enough job on the hard wood floors and low carpets in my apartment before conking out much liked described in other reviews. the suction wasn't terrific before that, and as others wrote, it weakened not too long after using it a couple of months. when it suddenly shut down during use, the canister was fairly full, but not packed. after emptying and waiting more than a half hour and then an hour, it would not turn back on. it sat for several months waiting for my husband to find the receipt so we could return it. i tried it again before potentially tossing and suddenly it went on, however, it shut down again five minutes into use (suction was still low) and hasn't operated since. i bought a wet/dry hard surface cleaner (bissell) in the interim, but it has terrible suction, although it does a good job on the wet wash functions. finally, out of desperation, i recently bought an expensive boticelli by emer, and it has been fantastic so far - it can go bagless or with a bag. so, i'm feeling cheated with the shark, after initial enthusiasm, just wish i had the receipt or could find a customer relations support line... still wondering if i can get my money back
borderline dangerous.i have four 16-piece sets that i received for my wedding.  they are beautiful plates, but they have a tendency to split in half with normal use - like heating food up in the microwave, going through the dishwasher or serving hot food.  ..within 3 months, several plates cracked down the middle, making them unusable.  a large serving bowl also split in half when hot food was added.  i did a search on www.epinions.com and found i wasn't the only person having these problems.  everyone is having these problems...plus, it is impossible to find individual replacement pieces.  you have to buy another set.  what a racket.  the clincher is that they are located in indonesia, so customer service and responsiveness is nonexistent.  i've gotten nothing but the international run-around
stock pot with pasta insert.i agree with mr rodriguez and his review - i double checked the calphalon web site and the suggested retail price for the same model number is the same price as listed by amazon.com - they (amazon) stated retail was over $200 and i bit on that bait and thought i was getting a really good deal so i bought it.  ya right.  the product may be good - but i do not like the false advertising
re: arrived with largest bowl broken into fragments.do not recommend this item.  paid 11.00 for shipping and handling.  paid 15.99 for three bowls.  very disappointed as there was no visible damage to the carton, and items seemed to be well packaged.  this sours me on amazon.com.dennis anthon
trash.i had mine for 2 weeks then the charger quit. they sent me a new charger and. that lasted a few weeks then it quit. gave up and just threw the thing out...richar
a big disappointment.i have arthritis in my hands, so opening jars is painful for me.  we bought this as a mother's day gift, and it worked well about 4 times.  although it never did open large jars. then it stopped working at all.  it's bulky, takes up too much space in my kitchen -- all in all, a dead waste of time, energy, money, and space.  a big, big disappointment
not worth it.this is a pain in the behind to use. not worth the money... any money
too many problems.when it works this grinder works well.  its great for use with a french press, the grinds come out consistent and large enough not get clog the mesh filter.  unfortunately though, i had my 2 copies of this model break on me in less than a month.  the first one i got had a defect in the fineness knob.  when i turned it i could hear the gearing grind and all the coffee came out finely ground.  i returned this one and got a new one.  this one worked quite well at first, but after 3 weeks of moderate use it refused to turn on.  not quite feeling like waiting to get a third one i decided to void the warrantee and attempt to fix it myself.  once it got it taken apart i could see that the switch to detect that the lid was on had come out of place.  nothing had broken so i put it back the way it was originally and it came loose again the moment i put the lid back on.  this seems to be a pretty major design flaw considering it left the grinder completely inoperable.  i'm happy with my grinder now that i've disabled the switch, but due to its flaws i would not recommend this grinder to anyone
this grinder sucks..okay, this is the first time i've written a review, but i had to because i'm usually very easy to please.  not this time!  this grinder (for $[...]) is awful.  first of all, the second time i used it, the grinder was running, yet the beans wouldn't go down into the grinder and it just whizzed away (which by the way, will throw off your cups measured if it thinks it's grinding and it's not).    i had to knock on it just to get the beans to grind.  then, the even on the coarsest setting, the ground coffee was way too fine.  just like baby powder.  it made horrible coffee that was very bitter.  and don't say it's my coffee maker.  it's not.  very dissapointed.
replacement plan.it's hard to review a product you have yet to use, but the knowledge of it helps set aside the worry of a defect in the product it covers
that's two duds..we purchased the breadman tr2200b online (amazon) less than a year ago (december 27th, 2005).  about six weeks ago it failed.  it carried a one year warranty.  when if failed, it sounded like it was going to destroy itself and then just quit working..we contacted the manufacturer, maxim/toastmaster.  they requested we send the unit in for evaluation.  so i went and found a box, packing material, and boxed it up and shipped it off..about a month later we received a replacement unit.  it was a different model, a tr2500bc.  the packing slip stated, "no stock  replaced with rtr2500bc and complimentary cook book"; and it came with a 30-day warrantee...it looked nice; but in about two weeks it also quit.  the control panel doesn't work.  the unit is useless...i attempted to go to the manufacturer's website for a phone number.  the site is offline (unavailable).  i called the 800# on the packing slip which came with the replacement machine.  their office is closed, it's saturday...this is two defective machines from this manufacturer.  i simply don't have time to be searching out packaging, packing up and shipping off units.  i didn't pay to do that.  i paid to get a quality product i could use...i'm out the original purchase price, and really can't afford to put anymore time into it.  guess i learned a lesson, or two
unfortunately, i got a dud.i just got this machine and went to break it in, per the manufacturers instructions. before baking bread, you have to run the machine on a bake cycle while empty in order to burn off the manufacturing oils. it went through the motions of kneeding and baking beautifully. i let it cool down to room temperature and then proceeded to assemble the ingredients for my first bread recipe. when i plugged in the machine and turned it on nothing happened. the display would not even come on! it appears to have burned itself out on the very first use. :(  i ended up making my bread the old fashioned way. my friend who has the same machine but different model (tr220c) swears by his and has been using it at least twice a week for year. maybe i just got the lemon of the bunch?
bad kettle.i returned this product and got a full refund with no hassle. the problem was that the supposedly stainless steel base inside got rusty after 1 week of use! maybe it was mineral deposits but it got awfully stained awfully fast, and the water tasted metallic. i also did not like the lid - it can't be taken off which made it difficult to fill, and also the exterior got really hot. i was disappointed as i loved the look of it, but i am looking for a better one..........
quality not so good.i used it only once and its interior surface has discolored already . not recommende
it's to wide.i bake a lot of bread, in fact i have not bought bread for over a year now.  i bought this item as i was looking for a great non-stick produc and it is!  however that's where my appreciation for this product ends.  ..i think it's actually dangerous to put this product into a hot oven because it's too flexible.  i'm afraid i will burn myself as it flexes so i don't use it very often.  ..additionally, the pan is so wide that i'm not happy with the height of the loaf.  if you happen to make very large loaves, then perhaps this is the pan for you.
not suitable for many bread recipes.i must point out this particular silicone loaf pan is only fda approved to 425 degrees. if like me, you're not a cook, you may not be aware that many bread recipes call for a period of heating at 450 degrees, so it is not suitable for many bread recipes.  not realising this, i bought this bread pan for my mother for a christmas present and then had to return it, because it doesn't work for my mother's main bread recipe. we had read the siliconezone web site that said that their bakeware was fda approved to 625 degrees, so i don't understand why this item is not...this loaf pan has a nice shiny surface on the inside, which i assume makes it more non-stick.  some silicone bakeware has a dull inside surface. it also appeared to be well constructed. it was flexible yet strong. when i bent it, it didn't show any white, which indicates no fillers were used. ..however these pluses can't outweight the serious drawbacks of its low temperature.  i would recommend you buy another silicone loaf pan that is fda rated up to 500 degrees, which is the typical temperature
buy only if you like lopsided hearts.unfortunately i purchased 4 at one time, 2 to keep and 2 to give as a gift set. if they had a frame to contain the shape, they'd be great. i used 2 to make a birthday layer cake of lobsided hearts, that did not match. it was good for a laugh and afterall, it is the thought that counts. the cake baked normally. the next time i try these, i'm going to try and fashion a coat hanger frame for stability. on the positive side they were easy to handwash, but still felt greasy although no oil was used
this is a piece of junk!.struggled with this item for a year now.  it works sporadically, doesn't steam that well, and the on off switch continually malfunctions.  it is cheaply made of plastic and some of the paint has melted off. it is tippy and the water reservoir has a poorly fitting plastic cap that leaks if you can ever get it on to begin with.  don't buy
it was fine until it began leaking.i've had this steamer for about 6 months and was pleased with it (in spite of its hose which is too short to reach the top of my drapes) until a few days ago when it suddenly began leaking hot water all over the floor. fortunately, i purchased it from a store with a great return policy. it is going back to the store today
don't buy this one.heats up fast, but be prepared to don your gas mask or only use outside as the pungent odor emitted from the flexible hose is enough to send you gasping for fresh air within the first 60 seconds of use
very bad experience with this produce.this steamer was rickety when assembled. it got too hot to touch -- even on the handle. finally, after only about five or six uses, it refused to turn on. trying to contact the company is a nightmare: their 800 number is always busy, and they have no e-mail capability. i'd advise going with another brand
owned and used everyday for 3 years.i am now looking for new cookware. i have used this cookware for three years almost everyday, and it has not heald up like it should. my mom and aunt had this same brand for 12 years, so i bought the same brand it has not held up like theres. i am now going to buy stainless steel. it is supposed to be healthy for you!
burned out after 6 months.i replaced it with a melitta express kettle, also 1.7 litres, which seems to have a nicer balance, and definitely a better base arrangement, since the connector is in the middle and you can put the kettle down on it in any orientation. seems to boil faster, too, but that may be illusory
pooped out after 2 months.i received this in november for my office and thought the design was terrible but it boiled water and i hate to return products. it broke today, 2 and half months later...i have a superior black and decker at home that has a hidden element and it keeps the water warm for a while after boiling. the bodum is cheap plastic with no insulation and the metal heating element is exposed inside the water container.  i guess you get what you pay for
cuisinart failure.i purchased this item with great expectations.  it was defective, or maybe toast is supposed to brown on an intermittant basis.  also, it is too small.  they say you can put up to 6 slices of toast in the oven, but it is impossible.  frozen pizza would also not fit.  all in all, this product is not worth the expense
poor toasting.despite the reviews i read about this product and being a proud owner of an older cuisinart convection oven, i order this product with high expections.  to our dismay, the first oven we received did not produce equally browed toast - the top side always seemed to be darker than the botton regardless of how the tray was situated.  we decided to return the oven and the replacement produced the same results - unequal browning when toasting.  my conversations with cuisinart were not helpful and the representative i spoke with instructed me to return the oven again for a replacement, however amazon has since informed me that they will not allow another replacement since there may be a wider spread issue.  so, it looks like i will be returning this oven for a refund and looking for a replacement from another manufacturer.  while others mention issues with toasting, i wish my experience was as positive as the other reviews i read and with my previous cuisinart toaster oven.
too small.these bowls are actually a lot smaller than they look.  i ordered the set of six, thinking that i would be able to use them as cereal bowls or soup bowls.  to me, they are better suited as dessert bowls
if it seems too good to be true.....you know the rest of that saw.  ..these ~$25@piece pillows are fine for a camp outing in the back yard or a guest room maybe.  however, the quills do in fact poke through on occasion, and the overall surface feel is "lumpy" sometimes.  ..i'm spending what i need to now:  this amount on a single feather pillow
should have listened.i too purchased this scale after a good amount of research.  ..it didn't work - right out of the box - it's going back.  i should have listened to others who had the same proble
not worth your money.i let my boyfriend pick out this scale, as he is a chemist and works with multi-thousand dollar scales on a daily basis.  let me just tell you, this is $50 out the window.  i knew it would be a pain having to flip the scale over to change from grams to ounces, but that's not the only problem.  if it decides that you're not doing anything it will turn itself off much faster than other scales i've used.  it never settles on a weight and though other's make the claim that it is accurate to .001 that's not true at all.  in my experience it commonly doesn't recognize when you've put a small amount of weight on there and when it does finally recognize it, it will jump up several grams...the weight watchers scale i keep at home is much better and though it only weighs every two grams, it is far more accurate.  don't waste your money on this scale
different kinds of vera? confused  by reviews on record.i received my vera scale yesterday and felt deeply disappointed. well, the scale i received did not work right. i tried a few items on the scale very carefully and the scale couldn't read a fixed number for the weight of any item. it would keep flashing different numbers. i am returning it as a defective item. to those who are interested in this scale after reading the glowing reviews, just for your information, this scale does not use aa batteries, contrary to at least two reviews. amazon.com's product information is right that it uses a cr 2430 battery. maybe there are two different kinds of vera existing? before i made the purchase, i read that the white vera and red vera both use aa battery on their respective product description page so i assumed that i should trust the reviews on this stainless steel vera and believe it uses aa battery anyway. i was proved wrong. also i don't like it that i have to reach underneath the scale to switch between oz and gram, which i found very inconvenient. for me, it's a blessing in disguise that the scale sent to me was defective. i am sending it back and going to try either a different model or brand name
dissapointed... after looking forward to it for so long!.i work with linens all day and a good iron is a must! from cotton to linen and silk, i iron it every day! this iron did not do the job for me. weather it is an isolated incident or not i don't know. but the iron leaked on high steam, and low steam. there were water spots every time i moved the iron back and forth over my napkins. on silk, it leaves spots! i found a better one (panasonic ni-c55sr) for almost half the price, that seems to do the job and so far no major leaks, maybe one per job... the only difference between the nic55sr and nic76sr is the anti-calcium system which is not an issue for me because i always use distilled water
poor product worse customer service.i received the 5 qt bowl lift stand mixer for a christmas gift...it's performance was pathetic from day one but we managed to limp along for six months before it quit altogether. it's elliptical orbit was supposed to make better contact with the food it was mixing, but instead it made contact with the bowl, scratching it and completely throwing the bowl off it's pins. you could not begin to hold the bowl on to the machine even with both hands! it would heat up, give off the 'hot electrical' smell and quit...when we called kitchen aide, their *first* response was that it was 'operator error.' sorry folks, but after being a professional cook, i am smart enough to snap a bowl in place over two pins and a button spring-snap at the back. it was insulting on top of having to cope with a mixer that did not live up to even the least of my expectations...we called them and they sent a replacement. it worked two weeks, got hot and quit in the middle of mixing 5 cups of bread flour. and the same little snippy customer dis-service agent *argued* that a 5-quart mixer should not have to handle that load. for thirty minutes she tried to force us to believe that it was user error.. .she then had the audacity to suggest we make *half a pizza*, wait half an hour and make the other half of the pizza. what planet does she live on? a $300 machine can't make a single crust pizza? does that mean i make a half of a loaf of bread  at a time, too? that machine should make half a dozen loaves of bread every day of the week for years for that kind of money...we asked to speak to a supervisor and read the instructions right off of page eleven to her. the book said no more than '12 cups' of flour. so five cups of bread flour is too much when the instruction booklet says 12? hummph! and hogwash! and they suggested that the machine should not run for more than six minutes at a time. . .six minutes? six minutes?..what if i had been making a really stiff dough like pasta? oh, yeah, that's right. . .it wouldn't make semolina pasta dough at all when i tried it. . .that's right 2 1/2 cups of semolina would not mix and knead on a $300 machine enough to run through the pasta extruding attachment we purchased separately. ..how about trying to grind sausage in six minutes? that isn't going to happen in this life time either. save your money and skip the attachments even if you break down and buy the mixer...the oster kitchen center we had mixed 8 cups of flour for 3 loaves of bread at a time at least 3 days a week for nearly 20 years with no complaints from it or me (plus using the blender, ice cream, food processor, shredder and grinder attachments) until i finally wore it out. . .not the motor, mind you. . .the connector that held the attachments to the motor was so worn down that it was unusable, but the motor fired up just fine. and, yes, it routinely made double batches of semolina pasta dough that i ran through my hand cranked atlas pasta machine...yeah, they are sending us a new machine, but we don't think we should have had to go through this plus they do not guarantee that it will be any better than the two we have had already.  . .and we certainly should not have to had to argue for half an hour that a five quart machine can't handle five cups of king arthur bread flour
received wrong one three times.i ordered the pro 5 plus three times and recieved the wrong one 3 times.  they kept sending the "commercial 5 mixer."  in the meantime i have accumulated 2 shoping bags full of baking goods.  i have ordered many  "cookie" art books, along with many supplies as well as the set of 3 pasta maker attachment for this mixer.  this has been going on since the beginning of december.  but no mixer!..calls end up in whatever country.  all they do is placate you with polite rhetoric and pat answers.  which is their job.  but this does not address the major problem.  the problem is never kicked up to a higher level, researched, investigated and thus ending in a resolution...now i see this model or its equivalent, in costo.  very cheap but with the steel attachments (whip, dough hook etc) like the commerical one.  it looks like a combination of the pro 5 plus and the commercial one.  and the model no. is not listed in kitchenade's website.  there seems to be something amiss with this pro 5 plus model. ..this has been a frustrating experience.  i now plan to order the pro 6 instead, which cook's illustrated listed as number one.  and it won't be from amazon.  receiving the wrong one three times is a bit much.  dissapointed in the service.
this is below a 1 star.i originally purchased the spot bot because i was looking for something simple to use. brought it home, tried it....it was leaking out black stuff all over my carpet. returned it, decided to purchase the better model...a proheat 2x upright. boy, i should have gone with the hoover. even though the bissel was recommended by the sales associate at best buy...this was my biggest mistake. brought it home, tried it again (on my white carpet, might i add)....black spots left again! brought it back to best buy...they tried to tell me that it was something that i did when i put it together. it was not as my fiance and i went over the instructions 5 times to make sure it wasn't us. i mean, how could this happen with 2 separate bissel models??/ i thought it was us too..but nope....bissel did us wrong!..now, if you have dark carpet...great, you probably wouldn't notice the black, dirty water spots that leak out. but,if you have very light (white) carpet like me...it is very noticeable. very disappointed...now i'm worse off than i was before. beware do not buy this if you have light carpet! i'm sorry that i did. i had great hopes for this machine, but it let me down, twice.
burning smell???.my dad bought this machine and loved it so i decided to borrow it. it worked wonders on my carpet in my apartment...at first. just recently it started making a burning smell and i'm pretty sure it's shot. i guess i'll call bissell on monday...wish me luck.
great pan amazon doesn't have any that aren't damaged though.i ordered this pan and had to argue about a "mysterious" price change. then finally received the pan which had a damaged lid. i called sent back the damaged one and just received my new one and it also has a damaged lid. they offered me nothing as far as compensation and i have now cancelled this transaction. ..they suc
no longer functioning.i received this as a gift last year (after putting it on my wish list) and used it a couple of times.  to clean it, you undo the few parts that it has and put it in the dishwasher, which is great.  but, the main housing has a black plastic part that fits over the zig-zag blade and has to be in place for the chopping to work.  well, i can no longer get that black part to fit over the blades.  i tried for about 10 minutes tonight and finally threw the damn thing in the garbage.  so frustrating.  either the blades bent or the plastic thing changed shape a bit - it has to fit the zig-zag of the blades just perfectly in order to work.  i give up
it did work fine for a couple of weeks but then.....the handle you depress to push down the chopping mechanism is built in two parts.  mine has come apart and i can not figure out how to get the parts back together.  this makes my chopping frustrating when it usually is one of the more fun parts to cooking.  (for me anyway)  this is disappointing, but you get what you pay for.  that lesson is coming back to haunt me time and time again.
the item you receive is not an miu france model.i'm a little frustrated on this purchase.  i wanted a food chopper, and settled on this one, thinking it would be better quality (and not made in china) than a lot of similar models available from competitors.  what i received was a generic chopper in a generic box that just says "chopper" on it with no instructions, and it is made in china.  the picture is the same as shown on amazon, but there is no reference to miu france anywhere on the box or item itself...the chopper itself seems to perform okay.  i've used it a few times thus far.  it is a little hard to clean and some of the plastic pieces worry me as far as their quality.  i was hoping for something better than my mother's zyliss chopper that i loved when i was living closer to home, but knowing what i know, i would not have purchased this model.  i bet you can find a similar model on amazon (or elsewhere) for probably $10 cheaper.  i'm a little disappointed that amazon wasn't more forward and honest with their marketing practices.  when you buy an item that says it's from "miu france" and spend higher money for it, you expect an item from "miu france" to be shipped to you, not some cheap knock-off that probably sells for $10 less...the stainless steel portion does look very nice (again, it is the same as in the picture), but the flimsy plastic pieces irritate me, and i'm sure that i will get a lot less life out of this machine than my mother did from her trusty zyliss
good in theory, but not for "real life".just look at the advertised picture of this table...beautiful, but once you get it home and set it up, far less enchanting! the glass top is super heavy,the space between the top of the tank and the glass top is too wide (i lost a few fish that escaped this way). i ended up having to modify the table by purchasing an acrylic top, drilling holes on the four corners to lower decrease the gap. also, there is a condensation problem if you don't have the tank temp. almost excatly the same as the room temp.  i definitely believe this is a big time waste of money and do not recommend this to anyone. ..if you are looking for a good tank, try the nanocube, or one of the marineland eclipse tanks. they are good, reliable, easy to use.
nice product poor customer service.i ordered this egg keeper, and love it!  however a few days after the order i received a notice stating it would be delayed.  ok i can understand back orders, i accepted the back order, instead of trying to find it somewhere else...eventually i did receive my product in fine condition, (it's a rubbermaid continer, pretty hard to damage).  i also received a coupon in the box stating that i could get $5.00 off my next purchase.  the coupon was valid "now through july 31 2005.  unfortunately i received my order in the middle of august.  i called and left a message asking if i could get another coupon, no one returned my call.  i called again and left a message no one returned my call.  i called a third time and they told me that they did not reprint the coupons after they expired i could use the expired one.  i tried and the website did not accept it...a little frustrated by the run around, i opted not to call back a fourth time to ask why the expired coupon was not accepted.  if you can find this container some where else it's great, go for it
poorly designed, messy to use.ok, bought this model because it was the cheapest burr grinder i could find.  read the reviews and thought some people are just too picky.  well, i got what i paid for.  nice looking grinder and grinds quickly and consistently, but boy is it messy to use!  first, bean container lid does not stay on and you have to hold it down during operation.  don't even think i have a defective unit as i just don't see how it is designed to stay put.  second, serious static electricity.  i know all units have some static buildup during operation, but the grounds get everywhere with this one.  trust me, you'll have coffee grinds all over the place when you use it.  you'll just be grinding a ton of coffee each time to last you till the next time you have to use it.  third, the container that collects the ground coffee is also poorly designed.  the lid can easily pop off as you're pulling it out of the unit (and again, there goes all the statically charged coffee grinds all over the place) and it is oddly shaped and has difficulty fitting into my large coffee canister for emptying.  a better design would have been to have the lid attached and sliding off partially for emptying.  anyway, i'm putting up with it for now but expect to be buying another one in about a year.  yes it was cheap but i'd recommend paying the extra money to upgrade to a better grinder.
bad design, bad performance.this is a poorly designed mill, cheaply manufactured. the grinding mechanism is easily clogged but difficult to disassemble for cleaning. the port into the hopper is too small and must be frequently unblocked. the hopper consistently develops excess static, causing large amounts of coffee to stick; it is badly positioned and fits loosely, guaranteeing a mess to clean up every time the mill is used. after four months of annoying service, the cheap circuit board attached to the power switch broke loose, finally ending the suffering. a nut chopper would work better.
not satisfied at all.i use a fine grind to make coffee with. the fine setting of this grinder wasn't close to the fine grind that i get from the grinders at my local supermarket. i have a krups 203b which does a much better job even if i have to guestimate when it is done. i am not satisfied at all with this product and consider it a waste of money
disappointing!!.i have owned one of these burr grinders.  constantly plugged, hard to clean, messy to use, motor gave out quickly.  total waste of money.  melitta told me they were made for them by salton (badged for melitta). i called them as well, they said call melitta. in the end, i got a lot of runaround, but no refund or replacement.
find another..15 settings but you need to get all the way to 13 before it.comes close to what is needed (size-wise) leaving 12 useless settings. .cover doesn't stay on while in use. .worst of all, it's messy. .grounds are all over by the time all is said and done
large disappointment.i used it about three times before i had to return it to the store.  the entire over would get hot, including the glass of the front door.  the oven rank would slide on its own and fall on the open glass door, spilling all my food...d'oh!  the heat was also very weak; it took ten minutes to cook what it takes three minutes on the stove.  i was so disappointed because it looked sturdy and i have good luck with their other products.
please...save your money.what a disappointment.  i am a huge kitchenaid fan and i can't believe the poor quality of this toaster oven.  as others have said, the finish is poor...the paint is not smooth and is chipping off around the oven door straight out of the box.  the stainless steel trim is rough and cheap looking; it seems poorly machined.  as for the performance, toasting is totally aggravating since the top element gets much hotter than the bottom.  the timer is cheap and the "ticking" is annoying.  when the timer ends, the bell is out of synch.  there is no on/off switch; just the timer to control the oven.  i expected much more from a toaster oven in this price range.  i was happier with my old toastmaster that cost about $40 and lasted for years.  you can do much better than this for considerably less money.
not worth the price!.i am very disappointed in this kitchen aid oven. i wanted to get rid of my huge four slice toaster and try this beautiful six slice toaster oven, plus my husband sometimes eats a little later than the rest of the family the days he hits traffic coming home so i thought this would be great to keep his food warm in without putting on my oven. well, i gave up after 10 minutes trying to toast a bagel,it just dried out and never toasted! the timer which is only 30 minutes drove me crazy with the constant ticking sound and the plate i tried to put in the oven did not fit! it was just a regular size dinner plate. i always read reviews on items before i buy. this time the item was on sale, it looked nice and it had a reputable name. i guess none of that matters because now i have to lug it back to the store
smoke doesn't look as nice.the great appearnace and slide out crumb tray made this seem as if it was a really good oven. the first few times that i tried toast it took too long and came out dry and uneven. the 4th time i tried toast, i went for broke and put in 4 slices of wheat bread. it must have sensed that i was trying to tax its cabilities because it issued thick smoke from the control chamber on the right side. the smoke just doesn't look as nice as the oven, so i decided not to keep it. i think this is a pretty poor record of usage for less than a week.
don't be fooled by "better together" promotion.i am pleased with the quality of the grid.  however, amazon promotes buying a jelly roll pan under their "better together" option.  the grid does not fit in the jelly roll pan and therefore, the items are not "better together".  save yourself the disappointment and headache of repacking and returning the items if your goal is to use them together
kitchenaid accessory pack.i've had problems with all of the pieces i got in the pack. the slicer/shredder peices are suppose to be marked with a # and haven't been able to find them. they are very hard to get apart after using i tried using veg. spray so they be easier to get off after using but didn't help much. the pasta maker has very  difficult directions and doesn't self-feed as it says it will. i haven't tried the grinder yet so am hoping at least one of the 3 pieces will be what it says it is. i am very disappointed and i felt it was a lot of money to be so disappointing
bad description.if you are truly looking for a loaf dish that is 9 x 5, do not order this one!! i did, and i am so disappointed at amazon for describing this as such. the measurements are actually 8.5 x 4.5!! i know pyrex has made a 9 x 5 dish, and i was hoping this was it. oh well, live and learn. but i will say that the $3.99 price is a good deal for an 8.5 x 4.5 dish - cheaper than walmart.
k. miller-pa    nothing but trouble!!!!.received this black  decker product as gift from our daughter 8/05. had trouble after 3 months. first would not stop without pulling plug. started to run when it felt like it  finally quit running at all 1 week ago. been using electric can openers for over 30 years and expect the product to last longer than 6 months. this is a real lemon!!!
black  heck...this can opener sucks!.i bought this and immediately had problems with it. i thought i was getting a good deal, but i guess you get what you pay for sometimes. it was not catching to open the cans, then it peeled and shredded the paper around the top, and then when it was scraping the top of the can (because it wasn't opening it) it was filing off tiny bits of metal. and i don't know about you, but i don't want to feed that to anybody. not even my con-artist sister-in-law. the only reason i'm giving it 2 stars is because i called black  decker and they are replacing it for free. and when i told them that i just bought it they offered to pay for shipping as well
i do not like this can opener!.i had a heck of a time figuring out how to open cans with it; i didn't think the blade assembly was in correctly because it kept coming out.  now that i got it to work the blade assembly falls out with the dirty lid on it making a mess!  i got it because of all the positive reviews; now i see there's some negative ones and i wouldn't have purchased it
save your money.nine months after purchasing this can opener we have a problem...the only way we can get it to stop running is to unplug it.  ours is going in the trash today
can opening problems with this can opener.i replaced my black and decker can opener with this one... the previous black and decker was great and opened cans with ease but this one has some serious design issues...1) this can opener requires multiple tries to position the can..2) when the lid has been removed, the can opener should stop. many times the can opener still runs..3) the blade assembly comes off easily when positioning the can or lifting the lever to remove the can..4) i have found pieces of the can label inside my food...do not buy this can opener!!!!!!!
great sheets for short period of time....these sheets were the softest sheets i've ever slept in... until after a few washings the fitted sheet became pilled. i'd prefer a regular sheet to these now. i don't recommend buying them unless you only need them for a month or two... and that would be odd
very true, shrinking is horrible problem.i purchased these wonderful sheets, only to have them after the second washing not fit on our mattress. yes, they are wonderfully soft and lovely to sleep on, but we can only use them on a regular size mattress
i guess i should have been tipped off by the low price....but i was hoping that i had truly found a bargain when i purchased a set of royal heritage 1000tc sheets in lilac. when i first opened the package i was pleased. the lilac color is lovely and the sheets seemed well-made; however, after only a handful of washes, i experienced the same problems as several other reviewers - shrinkage and piling. the sheets barely fit on my 18" mattress anymore and are so scratchy and uncomfortable that they have taken up permanent residence at the back of the linen closet. spend your hard-earned money elsewhere
heritage king sheet set.these sheets fit fine out of the package but when you wash and dry them they shrink too much and i had to return them.  these aren't a good buy.  sorry guys
i got ripped off again.i returned this item.  it was much larger than i expected..i paid the shipping for its return..amazon charged me additional shipping -- i have real trouble clicking the right buttons on the amazon page -- i seem to pay a lot of extra money..i went to the department store in my neighborhood, chose the cuisinart i really wanted and purchased it with no shipping necessary
good water filter but has flaws.i bought this model by looking at the reviews above when i got it home and started to use it i was disappointed with the cover when you pour the water out it does not pour smooth in fact the cover will either pop off or the water will splash out when being poured ending up on the floor. the digital change filter indicator is a joke it does not tell you if you have actually need to change the filiter it is like a calender and in 2 weeks a bar will be removed. the pitcher it self is very ackward to handle. the water is good but there is a after taste.the replacement filters are a little on the expensive side not worth the mone
beautiful, but does not keep coffee hot.i'm so disappointed with this french press. i preheat the press with hot water, and brew the coffee for 5 minutes. the bodum stainless steel press i have then pours coffee that is piping hot. i bought the frieling press for my office because i thought it was so great looking. i'm just baffled by the fact that the coffee is lukewarm after 5 minutes. it seems that a lot of air can escape from the spout. the bodum lid is designed to block air from escaping through the spout. the frieling lid is not. no one else has mentioned this problem in their review, so i'm confused. it seems like a huge design flaw.
junk, do not waste your money.you truly get what you pay for in this case.  we bought the red ones and they have left fuzzies all over the house.  in the dryer, you need to check the lint trap frequently, as they shed like mad.  they are not smooth and cozy, they have a very high coefficient of friction and it's sorta hard to scootch around on them.  i would not recommend.
horrendous!.i bought 2 sets each of the twin size brick and navy blue.  .i opened and washed 1 of each color - seperately because of the pillig issue i read - and even after 4 wash and drys (and full dryer filter cleanouts after each dry) - they still have bits coming off . .to top it off, with all the 'fuzz' in the dryer filter - they are now no longer as soft and thick as when i first opened the package and they haven't even been used yet..i see from some reviews that the light solid colors seem to not have the same issue so maybe this is some type of dye process issue.
waste of money..unless you are planning to serve the rice right after it is done cooking, this product is not good. i used this product for a year already, when i was away from home. first of all, it does not keep the rice warm once it is done cooking. once it starts to cool, the water vapor in the condenses and water will soak into the rice, making it soggy. however, another one of their rice cookers has worked really well for my family: zojirushi nsrnc-18a automatic rice cooker and warmer with floral imprint. this rice cooker is great, leaving my rice moist and warm. it lasted for almost 10 years and is still in great working condition
not a good choice to cook rice.this rice cooker should be an embarassment to zojirushi. do not buy it...it lacks an on/off switch, but, more imporantly, it makes a terrible mess of the device and the area around it when you cook rice in it. it is nearly as easy to cook rice and much easier to clean if you use a pot with water than to use this device. ..you will be very unhappy if you buy this cooker. i have used it once and will never use it again--except as a door stop. there are other, genuinely useful rice cookers available here for the money.
bad lid, inferior design.i purchased two of these (large size and smaller one) for my family in the us.  i use it when i am home for a visit.  i have never been able to use this cooker w/o it spraying water all over my countertop. in short, i regret the purchase...i now live in tokyo and realize that zojirushi is just pushing an inferior product on the us market.  you cannot even purchase a thin-lid rice cooker here, especially one w/ a blowhole in it that lets turns the cooker into a steady spray of boiling rice water every time it is used.  not good.  ..if you are serious about cooking rice often, and not having to clean up your kitchen after each use, i suggest that you invest a little more and get a better designed product.
not as advertised -.size is actually 17.5" by 12" - not as listed in product description.  ..listed as heavy duty - this is a light middleweight pan at best.  ..i worked for ekco-glaco remanufacturing industrial baking pans for three years and also worked for satan's cookie baker - mrs. fields for two years - i know the difference
"corningware" is no longer made of pyroceram.i need a few new pieces of stovetop to oven cookware, and after looking at a lot of amazon cookware offers, decided that instead of buying a couple of ultra-expensive lecreuset pieces, i would buy american.  after reading amazon's various corningware offers that kept mentioning "stoneware" instead of pyroceram, i just called worldkitchen company that now markets (and perhaps manufactures} corningware. they said that corning no longer manufactures any of the extremely strong, durable pyroceram that corningware used to be made of.  .  anybody who has used the real thing knows that "chip-resistant stoneware" is definitely not the same.  pyroceram doesn't "resist" chips, it just doesn't ever *get* chips.  this is sad because i wanted to buy a set of american made cookware and bakeware for myself and one for my sister.  unless i can find a source for real corningware, i won't be buying anything from this source.  we can get cheap "stoneware" anywhere.
beware if  you  think you love corningware!!!!.i read other reviews and was puzzled.. my "classic" white corningware is absolutely awesome cookware and i was about to buy more... and i am a serious cook and was going to buy an 18 piece set for myself and another for a wedding gift...luckily i found out about how corningware undermined their once fabulous product line before i put my money on the line. ..the "classic" corningware looks great, is just about indestructable and can go from fridge to oven to broiler to rangetop to table to microwave and back again. the "new" french white corningware line (i do have a couple pieces so i know 1st hand...) is a mediocre stoneware clone of the original classic and mediocre really says it!!! chips fairly easily where the "real" orig. corningware is unbelievably tough; cannot go under the broiler, so forget any gratins, onion soup, or other dishes that need a last moment flash browning; can't go on the range top, so forget a bunch of great ways the orig. corningware stuff does it's a+++ kitchen duty. the new stuff is just average, mediocre cookware...there is better quality and better value (in stoneware too, if that's what we are stuck with) out there than what corningware is now passing off as it's product line. too bad, and very disappointing.  i am really glad i still have my orig. pieces and wish they would bring that product line back. so, buyers beware!!!
staining.i purchased the 15 piece set, thought they were a good price. after using for a couple months they started staining. i had cheaper sets of knives that didn't stain at all. they do hold a nice edge, but everytime you go to use them you have to clean real well so the people you have over don't think your giving them dirty knives. upon contacting the company they say it is normal for them to stain and you have to dry them right away, removing any water on them. seems like good knives shouldn't stain at all . i will probally throw them out and purchase another set from another company. the price may be right but the aggravation isn't worth it
poor quality..i am not sure whether they are made in china, while i assure you even in china i have never seen set in this poor quality
it may be fire proof but it's not drop proof!!!.i don't know if it's fire-safe (haven't had a fire) but it's certainly not drop proof. i moved last year. the safe was stacked on a box about two feet off the ground. my husband accidentally knocked it off the box and the safe fell open! curious about wheter this was a fluke, i closed the safe, locked it and knock it off the box again. same thing- it popped right open. ..i guess this safe is ok if you're going to put it on the first floor but don't expect your valuables to be safe if you put it on the second floor.
don't waste your money.on the surface, this is a nice looking pot with good features. well, as many reviewers have said, be careful. you will burn yourself at least once. the handles are tricky and you have to tip at a certain angle or the top will fall out and your pasta will tumble into the sink. however, it is definitely non-stick and easy to clean, but you won't care because you will have lost your appetite waiting for water to boil in it. i am online today looking for a calphalon hard anodized pot even if it costs twice as much. no one should wait over 25 minutes for water to boil!
disappointed in altitude restriction....above 6500'.....this heater works really well for lower altitudes! it worked great at the house, just not at the camp site. if going up in altitude the low oxygen sensor will not let the burner/heater/pilot light stay lit. i think it says that it is "recommended" for use below 7000' somewhere in the owners manual, however, i would put on the label/box "it does not work above 6500'"  i ended up trading it in for a coleman power cat and that works great for what i need it for. but if you live below the altitude and need a great portable propane heater this is it!!! just didn't work for me :
money thrown away.first, i threw away the bath towels, and thought i could use the hand towels and wash cloths. next, i threw away the hand towels. the wash cloths went next. it was money thrown away
it's not good deal..i purshased this towel set for yoga exercise, because 6-pieces and very cheap price. however as the price said, the quality of towel was terrible. they have shrunk in the wash at once and cotton lint came out much. it's cheap, but i don't think it's worth to buy
quality is not there. you get what you pay off.it's not very soft......but got a great deal so i'm keeping it....sorry this is not much of a review... i can't rave about it..but at the same time i don't hate it.   the frech blue color is very pretty...but the quality of the towels are that great for me to love
pem america towels.these towels are horrible.  they almost seem as if they are irregular towels.  one towel did not match the seams of the others, one was unraveled, they leave lint everywhere and they do not absorb water very well.  i will not buy more of these
a $49.95 value?.i was not thrilled with the advertising on this one that claimed it was a luxury towel set with a $49.95 value. the set came in a plastic bag and the quality of the towels were very low average. i was not impressed and wish i had not bought so many.
you get what you pay for.howdy,..i bought these towels last week during the friday sale, understanding that i would be getting 6 separates for 8 bucks. i was not expecting high quality, and totally got what i paid for. out of the packaging the towels had strings which were already running; the hems were not complete and separating from the towel itself. i then washed them, i understand that towels will pill... but please! pill city! i have fuzzies in my hair that i am fishing out. ..if they last a year, it will be worth the 8 bucks, then they may make excellent rags. just don't use them on your car! unless you like the fuzzy look.
orange juice lover.somewhat disappointing. it wastes too much juice and pulp and is not stable when pressing. fortunately i am right-handed. good only for occasional use on short runs of one or two, at most three, glasses, otherwise other squeezers are more appropriate. it works better with small oranges
not  good enough.when i first bought this juicer, i thought it was great.  it sure beat squeezing by hand.  but then, after using it for a while, i had second thoughts...there is something about the relationship of the size and spacing of the squeezing elements that is not efficient with a variety of citrus fruits.  a grapefruit or a big orange deforms and squashes out of the edges, so one does not get all of the juice.  on a couple of occasions when we were juicing a lot of lemons and limes for parties, i noticed that the juice yield seemed poor.  on a hunch, i put two already-squeezed limes in at the same time.  sure enough, there was another ounce of juice left...for the past year, i have mostly been using the juicer accessory for my kitchenaid (which makes for quite an expensive juicer if you have no other use for it - but i do)...it sort of works, and is somewhat sturdy, but i would find it hard to recommend.  on the other hand, if you will be using small, thin-skinned  juice oranges only, you may be satisfied
don't buy it..i don't like gadgets, particularly electrical kitchen gadgets..somehow the thought of using an electrical can opener rather than a mechanical one strikes me as idiotic. for that reason, i suffered with a metrokane mechanical juicer for a long time. it was a pain to use, a pain to clean, was not very efficient, and shed little particles of aluminum. i then got a braun mpz22. the braun is marvelous, much cheaper, more efficient and easier to clean; 15 seconds under a running faucet immediately after you have used it is all it needs...buy the braun instead!
cone and funnel require tlc.the cone and funnel parts are made of aluminum and will eventually discolor.  i shouldn't have put them in the dishwasher, i know, but they turned black and began turning my lime juice gray.  i pitched the whole machine
oriangex has very poor customer service.i brought orangex made in iron and stainless steel... after few uses the small washer fell off. i tried to contact their customer service either the line is busy or is answering machine and sent e-mail i've never get any answer. now when i tried to use the juicer, the top of press will crook to the left, does not match to the bottom of the stainless steel part.  they have 7 years garantee for what
easily broken, do not buy.this product looks good but really very fragile. my wife used it only a few times, each time about half hour. and suddenly the shank broke in the middle
save your money!.i bought this in december, it quit working in july. i agree with previous reviews about the cord being too short, detaching too easily, and difficulty draining the oil.
no!  no!  no!.absolute piece of junk. oil heated and then quit heating after expensive food was placed in it. after oil cooled to barely warm, it started heating again. ruined the food. ruined dinner. sure glad i didn't have company over for dinner. should have left the shrimp in it when i returned it
too small, too cool, and other reasons to avoid.just used this fryer for the first time last night.  i was extremely disappointed.  my daughter and her family were coming for a casual dinner and i planned to deep fry frozen breaded shrimp.  i wanted to have the oil nice and hot when they arrived so that frying the shrimp would take only a matter of minutes.  ..the first problem i had was attaching the magnetic power cord to the unit.  it simply would not stay attached!  after many, many tries, i finally got it to stay put.  however...the dock is on the rear of the machine, so in order to see it properly, i had to have the back of the machine facing me.  then....when you try to turn it front-side out (where the controls are) the cord detaches!  secondly, the cord is extremely short, which severely limits where you can locate the fryer for cooking.  ..i finally got the cord to stay put, got the fryer in a suitable spot for cooking, and turned it on.  no light.  no power.  i continued to fiddle with the cord and finally, voila!  i had a power connection!  ..my troubles with this machine weren't over yet.  this machine would not heat the oil properly.  even set at 375-degrees, it simply would not get hot enough.  frozen shrimp should take no longer than 3 or 4 minutes to cook (at 350-360.)  each batch we fried took 7-10 minutes and the basket was skimpily loaded so as not to further cool the oil.  the shrimp finally had pretty color, but were hard as bricks.  ..this loser is going straight to the trash.
make sure you keep receipt  warranty.i have owned 2 of these fryers....2 years in a row. suffice to say their reliability over the long term is dubious at best...the problem that i've encountered after awhile of use is that though the indicator lights are on......the unit stops heating. given that the heating coil is integrated into the oil well itself may have something to do with it...however, it does do the job and the basket and cover are convenient. it does have a relatively large basket and the oil well is constructed of pretty heavy metal and is easy to remove. not the easiest thing to clean...just make sure to keep your receipt  warranty booklet because you're gonna need it (they did replace the broken ones quickly however)
designed by a lawyer.this unit fries food ok although you can't overload it with too many frozen items or the oil temperature goes down quickly.  in addition, i had to max out the temperature control to get the oil hot enough.  but the real deal breaker for me is the extremely short wall cable with a magnetic connector that attaches to the device.  the connector is meant to come loose when someone tugs on it.  however, mine came loose every time we opened the top of the unit or everytime we loaded items in the basket.  i'm sure their lawyers didn't want someone to sue them for damages if the thing turned over by pulling on the cord but, this is a little over kill.  the cord is about two feet long and they state that you should not use an extension cord with it, so make sure you're near an outlet
i'm getting rid of mine.even on the lowest setting ("warm") this thing boils and thus eventually burns anything you put in it.  i got this as a christmas gift last year and i wish i would have used it sooner so i could've returned it.  you cannot touch the lid once the unit is hot or you will get burned.  (by the way, the lid is glass.  how stupid is that?) the outside casing doesn't stay too cool either. i guess for the price you get what you pay for.  so, i'm goiong to give mine away
exploding lid.my lid "exploded" also.  my husband said it was leaning against something and slipped down to the counter and "exploded".  i had only used the crock pot once!!!  beware
don't break the lid, you won't get another.i purchased this item after carefull research to get the best.  i broke the lid after a few months use.  i sent to the distributor to order a replacement.  it took 2 months after repeated correspondence and then the replacement didn't fit.  when i wrote to them letting them know that i checked the site and apparently ordered the correct replacement but that it didn't fit, i was told that they stopped making the correct lid due to problems "exploding" and that the replacement was too small. i was told that there is no recourse. so, whatever you do, don't break the lid
a poor wannabe.i have four covered trays made by tupperware, i was trying to save a buck, bought four of these because i have liked other oxo products.  it was a mistake.  while these work, the cubes are small, the trays are difficult to fill and cap without spilling water, and they are clunky in the freezer compartment.  all i did was compromise, buy and waste my money, and now i need to go pay the full price for the tupperware trays that work and that i should have bought to start with.
great idea but flawed.although the idea of these ice cube trays is great the actual use and operation of them is not.   they can be very difficult to open up after they have frozen your ice cubes. needless to say that is frustrating and it ends up making a mess all over with pieces of chipped ice and so on.  the internal surface of the lid sticks to the ice cubes making opening up the tray very difficult if not impossible and leads to frustration and a mess in general.i would not recommend these to my friends or family.
frustrating, dulls quickly.i have used this peeler only a few times and it is already quite dull. it is now practically impossible to peel an apple with it, although on straight peels, like carrots, it still works like any other mediocre peeler. also, the "swivel" never really worked well. it was always difficult to peel a curved surface like an apple with this thing
lousey!!!  truly awful..this thing is totally useless.  you could roll it over a lime leaf or basil for 10 minutes and not even  make one slice.  it really does merely "bruise" your herbs!  i find it very hard to believe that oxo tried using this in a test kitchen before marketing it.  awful awful awful!
i wanted to like this.......really, i did.  i am a loyal oxo customer and nearly everything in my kitchen is from either the good grips or the steel product line.  i was really excited to use this on the fresh herbs i grew in my garden...but it just flat out doesn't work.  it pains me to give an oxo product only one star, but honestly, the thing is worthless.  i'd give it zero stars if i could.  even apart from the fact that the blades do absolutely nothing, it's also extremely difficult to re-assemble it after you take it apart to clean it.  it's really just a big disappointment on multiple levels and it's currently taking up space in my drawer
useless.the oxo miner does not mince. it only bruised basil and parsley. we are still trying to find out what we can use it for
would not recommend.italian parsley just bruised instead of cut. chives and basil did not fair as well either. i didn't want to ruin any other herbs so i just stopped there. the concept seemed so great and i was so excited to find a product that would help with such a tedious task until i tried it
rolling herb mutilator.like all oxo products, this is ergonomic. however, it has the slight flaw that it doesn't actually mince herbs. tried it with parsely, a fairly durable herb that slices easily. the herb mincer managed to slice through some of the leaves on top, but left a layer of mutilated leaves underneath! it did not matter how hard i pushed, the bruised leaves would not cut! even if it did work the wheels are not closely spaced enough to mince; i would describe it as closer to chopped. you will be much better off with a sharp knife than with this worse than useless product. i returned mine the same day
worthless!.the oxo rolling mincer is lacking one important feature: blades!  it has thin little discs of metal, but they aren't blades.  they are dull, dull, dull and do nothing but mash your herbs to pieces.  do you really want finely hammered herbs?  it's like replacing a chef knife with a screwdriver.  ok, it's missing a couple more features: it's too small and the "blades" don't rotate independently.  after the first use i noticed one of the "blades" had already bent about 5-10 degrees from parallel (which would have been prevented with independent blades).  for quantity tasks, it is far slower than a chef knife.  try a nice double- or triple-bladed mezzaluna instead.  mezzalunas have real blades that can be re-sharpened. (but don't buy one with a matching bowl shaped cutting board, they completely ruin the rocking action of the mezzaluna)
plastic blade assembly??????.of course it cracked. stupid design. what were they thinking. and i can't seem to find a replacement part. worst $60 spent. get an oster
disappointed!.i received my blender/processor as a gift and i use it occasionally (especially for smoothies and mixed drinks). i was disappointed when the clutch assembly broke! i couldn't believe that cuisinart doesn't have a durable piece sitting at the motor. i contacted cuisinart and they said it's not possible to repair on your own--that brass piece needs to be removed by qualified personnel!  i'm so glad i ran into these reviews!  anyhow, i compared my blender to my parents' (oster brand), and they have a much durable design. i'll make sure i inspect any small appliance before i make a purchase! in this case, it was a gift so i can't complain. i'm going to purchase the clutch assembly as recommended by one of the viewers. the cuisinart name doesn't always equal high quality.
fresh out of the box.took the blender out of the box. cleaned the jar and lid and started trying to use.  it ran for a few seconds and then i started smelling something burning and the blender quit.  i attempted to contact customer support and couldn't get through.  the telephone message suggested i leave a message and they would call back.  i attempted to leave a message but it said the mailbox was full.  not a good sign
piece of junk.i bought the cuisinart 7 speed blender because of their reputation for quality however since using this blender less than a dozen times the plastic blender drive clutch broke..i spent $59 for this pos that does not work because of broken 5 cent piece of plastic..i will never buy another cuisinart product and urge you not to .
factory not reconditioned.since mine was a factory reconditioned job at a discount, it wasn't warrantied or returnable.  it smoked on the first use and died on the second use.  what more can i say
a beautiful underperformer.this blender has features to recommend it if did not have a documented history of breaking.  the clutch unit that engages the blade is plastic and breaks . . . frequently...the digital control pad is easy to clean, no more using a cotton swab to clean between buttons.  except for the previously mentioned clutch unit, the blender is very well made.  it seemed to labor when blending milkshakes or smoothies...overall, the blender worked in an acceptable manner before it broke.  it was only used about 15 times before the clutch disintergrated. ..i am replacing the cuisinart with an oster beehive, which has an all metal drive unit
oxo good not so good this time.the spoon is great but the handle bends like a noodle
oxo needs to use the tools they sell..i like the fact that the spoon doesn't stain that is great, but i never want to use it because the shaft is so flimsy. so i recommend you buy it if you are only going to use for thin sauces. if you need a multi use spoon look somewhere else until they add a backbone to this one
not my favorite.the red scraper doesn't stain, that's great.  it's heat resistant and won't melt or warp, that's great.  the big thick oxo grip that doesn't permit me to turn it easily in my hand to go around the entire pan, not great at all
very disappointed.i have always loved my cooks essentials' george foreman grill, and decided to upgrade to this unit since it had the removable grill plates.  unfortunately, i was very disappointed in the performance of this grill and have gone back to using my original grill.  this grill does not get hot enough to sear the food, and it was a waste of time using it.  i didn't bother sending it back since i would have had to pay for shipping, which means i'm out the total cost of this unit.  never again
second quality.i have bought riedel stems from other sources and loved them.  the 4 stems purchased ... were all seriously flawed.  one arrived shattered, one had numerous bubbles throughout, another had a chip on the rim and the last had large ripples running through the glass.  ..
don't waste your time.this is an expensive ice bucket.  it actually takes up to 20 minutes to chill a bottle of wine with this device !  do not waste your time or money on this product.  it is the most foolish purchase i have ever made :-
great gift idea of  enjoyable glassware.i have tried a set of 12 oz glasses for several months now and find them fully satisfactory...i use them for coffee, tea and cola...i particularly like their light weight and insulation for my morning cup of coffee...i wash in the dishwasher...enjoy
"appears" nice ---- but.beautiful glasses, unique design, but the glass walls are very thin.  i would be especially cautious stirring anything with a spoon.  if i had to do over again, i wouldn't buy these
lousy, threw mine out.i love their wine saver product, and use that all the time; what a great gadget! and i drink a lot more coffee than wine, and am at least as sensitive to the quality, so this sounded pretty promising.  unfortunately, i found it didn't work worth a darn. i was never able to get it to hold a seal satisfactorily, and so the whole effort of using this became a waste. almost any container (ziploc, tupperware, mason jar, etc.) would be better.  sorry to say that, because the idea has promise and i like their other product quite a bit. i would recommend not getting this, based on my experience
short lived delight.i have the vacu vin marinator and love it, so i bought the coffee saver thinking it would be just as good. it worked initially, but after three weeks of infrequent use i am quite disenchanted! the seal does not hold; i pump out the air and within an hour the air is back again. i'll still use it as a canister, but i would not buy any more. (i still love the marinator though...
great concept, but i'm having trouble with it..i have used the wine bottle system successfully for several years and love it.  so, i bought the marinade and coffee systems along with an extra canister for sugar.  despite trying different stoppers and different degrees of vacuum (pumps), the coffee and sugar canister lids are always loose the next time i use it (a 24 hour interval or longer).  the seals are in place and seem fine.  any help would be appreciated
what is it with towels today?.i ordered these towels in the rose color and the blue color, and i admit they are large and beautiful.  they just don't feel very absorbent.  i have washed them several times now, the same way that i wash my other towels, and they still don't really dry you off as well as our old towels do.  i have had this trouble with designer towels elsewhere, but i thought it also had to do with softened water, which we don't have here.  i looked at the tags on our old towels, and all of the following are way more absorbent:  martex, stevens, feldcrest, st. mary's and cannon.  too bad !!  additional information:  i am upgrading them from two stars to three.  after several additional washings, they are beginning to feel like halfway decent towels.  the brand is apparently a sub of martex... atelier [by] martex.  i guess nothing's what it used to be..
nice if you like that vinyl feeling.i'm not sure what's going on with these towels but even after washing them four or five times they still have that vinyl, slick feeling.  they aren't very absorbant and rather uncomfortable as the towel smears the water around your body instead of drying you...am i missing something?..maybe they were on sale because they were accidentally treated with scotchguard or that silicon spray that hikers used to use on leaky canvas boots...i'm puzzled...just ten bucks for two, though
don't buy this!.this knife became dull in 3 months with very little use.  i only use this knife 2-3 times a week cutting meats and vegi's.  now i have to go get it sharpened as it can't even cut a pineapple properly.  ..better spend a bit more on a decent knife than on this low-end set
poor quality.four of the "teeth" on the first one i received broke off after the first use. the replacement sent by amazon "lost" two "teeth" after the first use. amazon--great, mario batali--bad
that's right:  the knob isn't as sturdy as possible....the knob that controls the width of the rollers broke off after about a month of use.  it's made of cheap plastic and broke!..i tried to get a refund/replacement but the manufacturer did not respond to my request.  you buy a cheap pasta maker, you get a cheap pasta maker.  ..do not purchase this piece of garbage.  my wife also says its garbage.  buy a more expensive machine and get what you pay for
the bowl locking mechanism?.i used the prep 7 once.  it was wonderful.  the second time i used it the tiny white plastic lever that serves as the locking mechanism between the bowl and cover broke.  it seems unusually vulnerable.  i have used a cuisinart cfp 9 for 30 years--loved it and never had a problem.  i bought a replacement bowl assembly through e-bay (since to buy it new costs almost as much as the prep 7) and it arrived with the same tiny white lever broken.  i'd appreciate any suggestions, but it's hard to recommend the prep 7.  great motor.  great everything.  but useless if bowl and cover don't lock.
i hate this pan.my mom bought me this pan for christmas a few years ago and i absolutely hate it.  it's the worst pan i've ever owned.  food sticks to it no matter how much oil or how low of heat i cook on.  it is not balanced properly and i find it difficult to manage when full of food.  the handle is too narrow and it makes it so you can't lift the pan with one hand.  my husband used it the other night and ended up bruising his hand with the handle.  because the handle is hollowed out in the middle, all of the pressure is on the two points of contact that meet the hand.  he can't even use his hand today.   this pan went out in today's garbage.  i wish my mom had saved her money
for y chromosomes only..as stated by another reviewer, i just don't have enough strength in my hands to hold onto the levers and extract the cork.  most of the men i know have no problems.  most of the women can't get the cork out.  i bought this gadget as a husband-replacer.  it did not do the job.
i don't recommend this kitchen range..i really do not understand all the fuss about this range, .i can only assume that because these rather silly pots and pans have a french name that people somehow equate that with cuisine quality. i received a casserole as a gift, which was lovely, they look good and have a snob value and cache. . but they are truly awful! they dry out food too quickly, they are pure evil to try and clean and they are ridiculously heavy! you could give yourself a hernia hauling one out of the oven.. my advice is forget the hype and stay practical in the kitchen!.incidently, mine is used as heavy and special occassion only, tureen; a lot of money to shell out for a not very practical serving dish
ouch....bad,bad.this is one of the first and only bad experiences i have had with both an online seller (organize-everything) and a product. these arrived cracked, and the ones that weren't destroyed lost air after a week of using them. they are made of a weak plastic that resembles something you would buy at a garage sale. nice concept, but disappointing. i work hard for my money, i don't want to waste it, or my time, on this seller or product again. organize-everything has a lot of growing up to in the way of business...maybe they can start by offering a decent price. shop around folks
disappointing....this product is like the company i bought it from- horrible. i ordered twice from this comapny in hopes that the second time around would bring improvement, i was very wrong. the second item was broken when they sent it and customer service let me know,"it isn't our problem once it leaves the building". this item lets air in, creating stale food. side clips do not last and break off after a few uses
maybe i expected too much?.i was very excited about the prospect of silicone bakeware. silicone seems to be the wonder material of the 21st century, yet, i have been disappointed with the results. the tube pan is very bendy and when i giggled it a bit to see if my cake was loose enough to remove, i wound up with a crack right down the middle. when i got my cake out of the pan (easily), the center was as white as when it went in the oven. i'm used to having the centers brown up with my regular tube pan...i've used other silicone bakeware and have had varying degrees of success depending on what i bake in them. buyers beware
don't touch.yeah, the bowls are pretty, but as fragile as an egg shell. my 8-inch diameter bowl was just broken and these piece-of-crap bowls are too expensive to replace. good frickin luck with them
hard to open and close!.the work bowl cover is very hard to open and close.  the mini bowl is hard to take out.  it works well once you overcome these, but i am disappointed in this machine
awful design.i am so disappointed in this product--it is very poorly designed.  the coffee grounds splatter onto the underside of the lid and into the water tank, both of which are very difficult to clean. i have to put the whole thing in the sink to rinse it out everytime i use it.  also, the travel mug is plastic, and no matter how well i clean it, the coffee always has an aftertaste.  and maybe it is just me, but i have a very hard time opening and closing the mug's lid--i always end up spilling the coffee!  don't waste your money
worst coffee i've ever made.i got this as a christmas present last year, and i thought the idea of it was nice, seeing as i'm a working college student who's always on the run, and i was the only coffee drinker in the house at the time.  well, my first problem with this coffee maker was the filter.  i usually bought pre-ground coffee, but that was too fine, and i ended up with grains in my coffee.  i had to buy whole bean coffee and get it ground so it was less fine.  my second problem was the mug. at first,i couldn't figure out why the coffee i made tasted really awful.  i tried several different kinds of coffees, expensive bags too.  but then i realized,it's the plastic inside the mug. believe me, you can taste it.  i'm sure i could have found a better mug to use with this machine, but at that point, it had become too much of a hassel and i went back to my ol' faithful mr. coffee.  sorry, maybe i'm picky about my coffee, but i like it strong and black, without a bit of plastic mixed in
stainless steel plastic.the mug is stainless steel on the outside and plastic on the inside.  if you don't want your coffee in plastic -- and i don't -- don't get this item
wow. major disappointment..the product that i received was so completely unlike that described below that i checked to make sure the proper one was actually sent...first of all, there was no way to have precise control over anything. the blades were quite dull and weak, resulting in the food becoming jammed in the blade halfway. this happened with apples, onion, green pepper, cucumber and carrot. i decided in the end not to even try the potatoes. the slices bent as they came out the other side due to the ridge of plastic that holds the metal blade--they came off the mandoline with regular breaks every 1/2 cm or so because the crisp produce was forced to curve out of the mandoline...the waffle blade would only cut in an inch, maybe less, so i just quit. the safety holder was a nightmare. it had inches-long metal pins that left big ugly holes in anything it held and occasionally hit the blades, and it didn't have anything to keep it straight on the way down the ramp. i tried to get up speed in the downward swing sufficient to shoot the food through to no avail. the food had to be pressed so hard into the blades that i had to take a break for my hand to recover and got slices that were thicker on one end than the other. finally, there was no case, contrary to what the ad said...i have worked in foodservice and used true "professional" mandolines in the past. this model is very pretty but poorly designed for functionality...all in all, this was a terrible disappointment. i was shocked how poorly this thing worked, considering the expense and hype. i am accustomed to stellar quality and service from amazon. i hope this was a fluke. i only give one star because it is not possible to give zero.
buy a v-slicer instead.i bought this mandoline as a present for my wife. i felt confident in my purchase after reading the reviews on amazon.  unfortunately, it was a big disappointment. we followed the instructions and the advice on amazon, but could not get this thing to work. every food item we tried, hard or soft, big or small, got jammed. my wife has gone back to using her v-slicer, which functions well, but lacks the stainless appeal of this mandoline. needless to say, i returned this item to amazon for a refund
not what i hoped for based on other reviews.i have had a borner slicer (plastic mandoline) for years and love it except that the plastic is slightly flexible and so it has started to crack and bend when i use it.  i have been wanting to upgrade it to a stainless steel mandoline forever, but couldn't afford one.  well, when i saw the price on this one and read the reviews i was very excited to get my new mandoline.  boy was i dissappointed.  i found that all of the negative comments that i found in various reviews below were true plus some.  too bad they weren't posted until after i purchased mine which i am promptly returning to amazon...my biggest complaint is that the blades are very dull and not nearly as sharp as my 12 year old borner slicer.  as a result (and as one other reviewer commented) you have too use too much force to slice potatoes or other hard veggies so it is somewhat dangerous.  the food does often get stuck halfway through the cut and i kept feeling like my hand might slip at any moment because i had to push so hard.  i never had this problem with my borner...my second biggest complaint was that the box that holds the extra blades and more importantly the safetly holder were both broken when i received the item.  the box isn't a big deal, mostly just a bummer, but the knob on the safety holder had completely popped off, so you could not pull it up to press food into the holder without pulling it off completely and if you turned it over it just fell right off...in addition to these two major complaints, i totally agree with another reviewer that you must keep the safety holder "on track" for the mandoline to work correctly and safely but i found it very difficult to do this because of the force needed to push the food over the dull blades so it easily slides to one side causing it to jam in the blades etc...  as that reviewer also pointed out, the space for the food isn't nearly as wide as the cutting blades, so there is a lot of wasted cutting edge and you have to cut food into smaller pieces in order to fit them in the holder.  i could live this problem if everything else worked well, but it doesn't...i still gave the item one star because it would be really well designed and comfortable to use if the blades were just sharp.  it is very sturdy (except for the button on the safety holder) and seems of good quality in many other ways, and it does come with a really nice assortment of blades, but who cares how good it looks if it doeesn't cut well???
extremely disappointing.sarah deming has said it all very well.  this machine is a highly polished piece of junk which is very difficult to use.  the blades are so dull that they often stop midway through the food that is being sliced.  to use the machine safely, the food must be cut into very small pieces which often don't suit my needs.
a very expensive dribble glass.i bought this mug about three weeks ago, despite the reviews i'd read which mentioned that it leaked.  i decided to buy it anyway, because of the size and that every review mentioned how it kept cofee and food hot or cold, as desired.  the latter is true:  i used it every morning and on my 45 minute commute, the coffee stayed as hot as if i had just poured it.  it also did not fit well in my car cup holder, a complaint i had also read in other reviews...the reason i will no longer be using this mug for coffee is because on two different mornings i arrived at work with large brown coffee stains on my white shirt!  embarrassing to go out in public like that, and really inconvenient to return home to change clothes.  i would hope that someone at nissan is reading these reviews and will change the apparent design flaws in this otherwise great mug.  i'm only going to be using it for baby food from now on
notice!.this filter does not fit in the zojirushi ec-bd15 fresh brew thermal carafe coffee maker
doesn't last.when it works, this blender does a fine job, and looks great.  however, our first one quit turning the blades in less than a year. we sent it in, after many calls to customer service, and they kept the darned thing for 3 months before deciding to send us a replacement.  the replacement lasted only 2 years before the blades broke.  during that 2 years, we figured out that our extra set of blades didn't fit in bottom ring properly, and allowed fluid to pour through the motor.  great.  i should have save up to buy a vitamix instead
horrible interface, stinky, didn't last.how did a company like cuisinart manage to find so many ways to mess up a blender?..the interface is so complicated that my wife literally couldn't figure it out. you have to press 3 buttons just to pulse. then after pulsing, if you want to let it go by itself you have to press 4 buttons! it might not sound like much, but it's very unintuitive. i hate using it...and it smells like burning rubber. ..and it died...absolutely not recommended
the spitting teakettle.i'm not real thrilled with this either although mine doesn't leak, it does start spitting water all around it thru the small hole where i was under the impression it was supposed to whistle when it boiled. the saying is true...you get what you pay for. spend a little more money for something nicer.
not for use with synthetic corks!!.many wines now use synthetic corks. i recieved the opener and found written on the box "due to the non-stick coating on the worm screw, corkscrew is not designed for use with synthetic corks. this is too limiting for me. i wish this was noted in the description
great if you receive it.i ordered this item last may based on the reviews.  by september, it was still in back order.  as i had already thrown away my garlic press because it got stuck all the time, i couldn't wait to get a good one.  well, i waited and waited and waited.  i kept receiving emails from amazon about it being in back order asking me to approve the order.  i kept doing it (for 5 months) until i got tired of waiting.  i ended up buying one at target.  it's a chefmate, cost me about $6.00 and it works great.  very sturdy
smaller.items are much smaller than they look.  no demensions were tol
waring out its welcome.i've had two break within three months. the assembly gets loose and won't do anything. very frustrating
pure junk.this was a complete waste of money.  purchased in jan (06) - dead before the middle of march (06).  started smelling or burning motor in february - cutting assembly fell apart the beginning of the 2nd week of march.  completely frustrating experience.  consider that i was ripped off for $149 plus shipping.  i use a blender once a day to make a smoothie with ice, chocolate  sweetener.  unless you want a "retro" look on your kitchen counter and you use it infrequently and only on soft items without the addition of ice i wouldn't recommend wasting your money
metal particles  in ice cream.i purchased this unit in 6/05 to replace an older model.  the hand crank did not fit the bucket, and i had to make adjustments.  then the loose gear mechanism made the top of the ice cream can stick, allowing a lot of metal particles to get on the ice cream.  i've written to rival, who now makes and sells white mountain twice, with no response.  if you could buy an older model, you will be well served.  this one is a clearly an inferior product where the manufacturer is now trying to sell it based off of an old brand name
unusable due to gear box problems.white mountain ice cream freezers have a sterling reputation, but mine, which i got a couple years ago, is unusable due to problems in the gear box.  once you're about halfway through freezing the ice cream, and it begins to get a bit stiff, the gears start jamming and skipping, and it's impossible to continue.  not surprisingly, this leads to metal filings dropping out of the gearbox, some of which find their way into the ice cream.  i note there's a lot of play in the crankshaft, which can move in and out about a quarter inch, and i suspect this is a part of the problem...other than this problem, the bucket, can, and dashers appear nicely made and seem to work fine...because white mountain has such a good reputation, and because i see the reviews on here of this item and the similar f64306 are a mix of positives and negatives (many of which report problems similar to mine) i'm wondering if this problem is the result of a recent design change.  the number on the underside of my gear frame is 337-075.  it would be interesting to know if anyone with this same gear frame is happy with the operation of their freezer
pretty but not fun.this sifter looks great but has a strange requirement.  you have to shake the sifter back and forth for it to sift the flour instead of the normal (at least as far as i'm used to) trigger action found on most sifters.  this works but is a little bit laborious and messy.  it comes with plastic lids for both ends of the sifter which seem superfluous.  it could do without the lids and with a lower price
not worth it!.i bought this sifter and washed before i used it. the bottom strainer part came undone, so i pushed it back into place, except it wouldn't go back in the right spot, so everytime i shook it side to side, it wouldn't sift, because the metal piece that slides back and forth to sift wasn't touching the bottom strainer part anymore. needless to say, it went back and i got the old fashioned kind with the squeeze handle
dont bother.....most of the good grips line is great. there are only 2-3 items i have ever gotten that i didn't lover right away. i must say that this is one of the few bad items good grips makes...first off, it is slow and by slow i mean s-l-o-w. don't expect this to sift more then a cup every 2 min. it is amazing that something this basic could be messed up...the second major problem is how messy the swing action is. the sifter works by the handle and main sifter body working on a hinge. when you shake the handle the body moves at a different pace. it is a good concept it just doesn't work well. what little comes out has the added benefit of being thrown all over the place. it is hard to control just where the sifted goods go. i have to use my biggest mixing bowl...a foot and a half wide just to keep the sifted stuff in one place...the reason i am giving this product a 2 is because it is great a two things. think of it as a baker's tool and less as a sifter. this product is great at working with dustings. if you ever just wanted to do a light powdered sugar coating on something this may be the tool for your because the sift is slow. the second good use is for putting flour down on the counter top to kneed bread. it sifts over a large area so it is quick at making a light dust over a large area...so..it is ok at best as a sifter and has limited use outside of that
buyer beware - great product but missing shams.great duvet cover for the money - but this is only the cover, the shams are not included as promised.
horrible.item description says that it is a duvet and shams, but when i received my order there were no shams.  i had to return item and am still waiting for it to be reshipped with shams
false advertising!!  the shams aren't shams..please be aware that the "shams" they actually mail to you are not the ones pictured here. i have included a picture of the actual pillow cases in the image section. it's just a regular pillow case, no border, no button closure. also, the color is more of a gold than a brown
black  decker should be ashamed.black  decker is still using nickel-cadmium (nicd) batteries, years after the much better nickel-metal hydride (nimh) batteries have become common.  if you buy a dustbuster, you'll be buying a new battery pack in less than a year.  black  decker are so darn greedy that they do not even use a constant-current charger for the nicd batteries (which this battery chemistry requires).  they save 40 cents on the charger this way, and get to sell a lot more batteries.  perhaps worst of all, nicd battery packs in the landfill are quite toxic to the ground water. buy a makita vacuum instead - or at least, make sure the portable vacuum you do buy has nontoxic batteries and a decent charger
it sucks (really sucks), do not buy it..i can not add anything new, but to recap: replacements filters are impossible to get, battery life is short, batteries not powerfull enough for more than 5 minutes at a time (when they were new), and batteries can not be replaced unless you have a degree in appliance engineering. just buy something else, anything else, i hope this is as bad as they get
great product-horrible battery life.i manage a retail store.  i wanted to rate this product with 5 stars.  i rated it with 1 star.  reason why i wanted to rate it a 5 is because of the many uses it has.  it is very handy for our big display windows and the smaller areas where you can't get a vacuum in.  very portable and great attachments.  the main reason it got 1 star is the fact i have to throw away a perfectly good dustbuster because i can't replace the batteries.  the batteries don't seem to hold there charge after a year of use.  we do wear the battery completely out and recharge it once in a while.  this helps any rechargable batteries life extension.  i am not going to buy another black amp; decker, or any other dustbuster that i can't replace the batteries in.  it's a waste of money and adds to the useless waste in the world.  until i find something else, i will use the plug-in vacuum we have to replace once every 4 to 5 years.  less waste and cheaper
bad spoones.i wantd spoones becase my pet ferret needes to be spoone fed, but then my ferret eat the spoone and had to go to the haspital. i dont recomend because if eaten thees spoones are dangeru
poor quality.bought this as a replacement beater for my kitchenaid mixer.  the newly purchased beater began to chip within 4 months
not aluminum.i received the cooling racks only to find that they are constructed of heavy gauge steel with chrome plating, rather than being aluminum as described (i even called kaiser to confirm).  their appearance and weight are nearly identical to the racks in our oven.  these may not be suitable for someone looking for general-purpose baking racks for home use
spot lifter :not as good as i thought..there must be a cleaner for stair carpets that's better
don't waste your money.this little machine has got to rank as the worst cleaning gadget i've ever owned. on the plus side, it is easy to use, lightweight, and has a nice long cord. the problem is, it doesn't work well. the suction is poor. squeezing the trigger to spray the cleaning solution gets tiring very quickly, would probably be torture for someone with arthritis or carpel tunnel probems. it's annoyingly noisy (hey, it sounds like it's working!). i've tried various cleaning solutions hoping maybe one brand would work better than the bissell solution, but the problem is obviously the machine. i can clean spots quicker and easier and much better by hand
horrible suction.i have two dogs and bought this cleaner to help remove a stain where one of them threw up the night before.  although it did remove the stain, it left my carpet soaking wet!  i used almost the whole tank of fluid and it didn't even suck up a tablespoon of dirty water.  i continually ran the suction over it, but it didn't work.  it's going back to the store tomorrow
not very good.it is inexpensive, but you get what you pay for. the suction was very weak. i tried to clean up a spill in my car and it couldn't suck up the liquid at all. i ended up buying a more expensive wet vac to clean my car. this product doesn't cost much, but it is a waist of money
this product does not suck.this product has no suction. your fingers get tired because you have to manually squeeze the trigger to spray the cleaning solution.  i emptied the entire cleaning solution container on to one spot, about 6 inches square, and it only picked up less than 1 ounce of it from the carpet.  i could do a better job with a brush and some paper towels.  save your money and get something better.
never turns up on time.great sugar dish, fantastic colour, but amazon's shipping time of 1-2 weeks is way off. i ordered this twice and had it take well over a month to arrive
this oven is junk - good luck getting service.i bought a haier convection oven and it broke after only a few months.  i called their customer service department and they said they would send me a new one.  i have waited 2 months and made 17 phone calls and still nothing.  do not buy anything from this company.  their products are cheap chinese junk and they do not stand behind their products.  don't believe me?  look around on the web and you will see plenty of other people complaining about their cheap products and zero customer support
no chopping here, only puree.i recently received this as a gift  am sorely disappointed.  this does not chop but very finely minces and purees vegetables.  the vegetables on the bottom get pureed and the ones on top do not even get cut.  what a waste of money.  i'm back to basics with my cutting board  knife.
only works for 1 year.it only works upto one year and then simply dies. ours stopped working in just year since we bought it last year. as if its dead. just want to let you know this. however during the first year it works great!.
cheap quality.the description clearly states that this item is made in germany. however it is cheaply made in chin
pretty pattern but quality is below average.ordered 2 sets because i trust the pfaltzgraff name and thought the pattern was pretty.  quality is below average.  not one of the bowls in the 2 sets was perfectly round, so they dont stack well.  flatware seems to leave marks on the plates and i recently discovered a flaw on the  mugs.  there is a hairline crack next to the handle on 2 of the mugs.  the finish (green) in the bowls and mugs is also a problem.
country of manufacture.amazon lists the country of manufacture as the usa. the information is false. i called to confirm and discovered that kitchen aid manufactures this product in china, a country that floods the world market with products manufactured in forced labor camps. moreover, given the cost of labor in china, it seems that kitchen aid charges a premium for this product. braun, on the other hand, manufactures their hand mixers in spain--a country with laws against slave labor
bad on pet hair, bad overall.i purchased this vacuum mainly to do spot clean-ups of pet hair from our two dogs.  my biggest complaint on the performance is that the hair gets caught in the little wheels on the stick vac that the vacuum rolls on, and is near impossible to get out!  i continued to try to use it regardless of this problem, and then it scratched my wood floor.  not sure if there was a rock stuck in the brush, or what.  last but not least, the charger stopped working.  i waited too long to return it, and as i only paid about $40, i think i'll just throw it away
vacuum didn't work!.i've had this vacuum for 5 months now and for 2 of those months it's been in the repair shop.  it would have been in the shop longer if i had time to take it in earlier.  i think they're waiting for a part from black and decker that's never coming.  after 4 or 5 light uses, the battery just stopped charging.  so i can't tell you how it works, because it doesn't.  i'd save my money and go buy a corded stick vacuum and forget about cordless for now
piece of junk!.this steamer worked the first few times--but absolutely no steam will come out now. worthless and i will have to trash it. save your money
such a disappointment....it does not remove wrinkles as well as any other steamer i have used. i cannot recommend this product to anyone
not very effective.works okay (not great but is not ergonomic and heavy leading to wrist fatigue quickly. i got it for $9 on closeout so can't really complain but wouldn't recommend it even at that price
conair gs16 steamer.just unpacked the new conair gs16 steamer and followed directions to quot;push up on the soleplate coverquot; to remove.  the flimsy plastic quot;push upquot; button broke right off.  this cheap product meets the definition of cheap.  time to return it is more costly than the the thirty dollars cost.  there is simply no way that this product will not break when directions are followed
does not work.this baster does not work. the bulb keeps coming off, the collar keeps coming off. it does not hold liquid, it runs right out. it is a complete waste of money
waste of money.oxo usually designs their products so thoughtfully, i was willing to pay a little extra for this baster.  for $10, i expected this to be a high-quality product, but it was a total disappointment.  first, the hole at the tip is so large, the liquid runs out without even sqeezing the bulb.  then the plastic peice that cradles the bulb kept falling down into the pan juices.  i'm not even sure what function it serves.  it's mediocre at best, and everyone would be wise to buy something else
pretty but that's about it..it's pretty enough, but the holes in the strainer are really big, which makes loose tea, which it seemed to be designed for, kinda iffy. also, the thick lip makes drinking somewhat difficult.
noisy, but there is a solution..i got two of these fans thru amazon. at first i was dissappointed due to the loud noise these fans make even at the slowest speed. they also move a lot of air at the slowest speed.  i wrote to the manufacturer twice, asking if there was a way to slow down the speed as i don't need that much blast and i could certainly do with less noise. the manufacturer (holmes products) never answered either one of my emails. i then went to home depot and bought a lamp dimmer and hooked up the fan to it. now i have gotten the speed down to where it's comfortable and the fan purrs like a kitten.  i am giving it 2 stars because you have to spend an extra $12 for the dimmer and because of the non-responsive of the manufacturer, which concerns me if i have any problem in the future. from my research putting the fan on a dimmer can cause the fan motor to burn up. from now on, when i buy a product, i will check the manufacturer's website to see if they have a phone number. holmes products doesn't. they don't even give out an email address. all they have is an online form that supposedly sends them an email
don't bother.i am an avid baker and thought i was trading "up" with this purchase.   used it once last year--with inconsistent results.  tried again this year and the plastic cylinder cracked leaving me with a mess and a cookie dough that ended up in the trash.  there has to be a better product on the market.  i think the stainless steel cylinders are the way to go
believe the battery horror stories!.this product gets one star, only because i can't give it less. i used this vac one or twice a week, for about five minutes at a crack, each time. the battery showed signs of failure after about 4 months -- by then, i could no longer get even five minutes out of it. six weeks later (after 5 1/2 months!), the battery is totally dead and the product useless (replacement batteries are expensive, and shark won't get an opportunity to rip me off twice!)
poor battery life.i agree with the others.  the battery life is not acceptable.  it didn't even make it a year.  if not for the battery life, this is a wonderful product.
don't buy this vacuum!.i bought an earlier model of this product several years ago. after a year or so, as with so many other buyers, it wouldn't hold a charge, and i had to throw it out. however, i liked its powerful motor  and the convenience of using a cordless vacuum, so i decided to give euro-pro another chance and bought this model. ..it was fine for over a year, and i felt i had finally found a dependable product. however, it's now been a year and four months, and i'm again at the point where it won't hold a charge. in addition, the last time i used it, the vacuum felt hotter than usual and i smelled a faint burning smell. needless to say, that was the last time i used it. i think another reviewer also mentioned the possibility of it overheating...i am currently trying a black and decker cordless and hoping it will be a more reliable---and safer!--- product.
bad battery life.like others before me, i found that after only a few weeks of light duty, this handvac stops holding a charge beyond a few seconds.  charge light comes on and there is no indication that the handvac isn't being charged, but it will only work for a few seconds and then turn itself off.  too bad, too.  because when it worked, it worked really well, but when it goes bad, you are left with no recourse.  the europro customer service is a joke.  they will take your order, take your money, then never send the item.  they do not back up their products at all.  buy something else
shark battery life poor.the device worked for a few months. we gave it only light duty. quickly, the battery life fell drastically.  the unit would run for about 3 minutes, then die suddenly -- not a gradual battery wearout as is common. turning the unit off and on would bring it back for only a short time. now, it runs for 3 or 4 seconds before it quits. turning it off/on lets it run another few seconds before it dies again.  ..what's happening appears electronic in nature, that is that when the unit senses low power it just turns off.  i don't think it's the batteries.  instead, my guess is there is a faulty "mother board" regulating the charging system.  if it is happening to my unit and the several others i see posted here, betcha it is a common problem for hundreds.  if i can contact the mfr and gete some insight i will come back to update here
not a happy camper.replaced a 7 yr old dustbuster with this unit , as stated by others after several months (7-10) , the battery would only hold a 1 minute charge then died , tried to order a replacement battery in feb still on bo till at least may 20 . cancelled the order today and will be getting a new dustbuster soon ..battery life and customer service is the pit's
poor battery life; model confusion.like the other reviewers, i too, have battery problems.  the battery discharges even when the unit is off if it is off the charger for a few hours.  and even when fully charged it doesn't last long.  but to make things worse the charger sucks power: it will consume about 70kwh per year just to sit there!  depending upon you electricity rates that's about $14/year in idle power!  add to that $26 for a new battery a few times a year and you have no bargain.  also, there appears to be several different models all using the same model numbers: there is a 14.4volt, 15.6 vold and 18 volt versions -- all called ep750m
it doesn't suck.i've had this unit for some time now and i liked it though my wife found it too heavy.  then i put it away for a few months and when i tried it recently, the battery wouldn't recharge.  the unit is dead.  so i got on amazon.com and read the reviews to see what could be done. i found that everyone seems to have battery problems.  i'm junking this shark and switching to a dustbuster
borring.my dog loves to watch animals and other dogs on tv, so i figured this would be great. it's boring. she watched it for about a mintute and was done with it. i was expcting more action and more dogs,, instead its 10 minute long nature sceens. they plop down a stationary camera and watch a squirl, then ducks,, ect.. ..my dog had no interest in it. we do better just watching animal planet.
love-hate relationship.i believe i have figured out the bipolar ratings attached to the hamilton beach 76600 can opener.  i am convinced that it is a matter of quality control...about five years ago we purchased a 76600 and, though it took a little practice, we found it to work very well.  we really liked the smooth edges on the lid; no more bleeding fingers for me...earlier this year it started to give us problems, became unreliable.  without hesitation i ordered a new opener, even though i had read the very negative reviews on this site.  i attributed them to perceptual-motor malfunctions. ..well, let me tell you.  i cannot get my new opener to work.  i even attempted the "plastic-lid cradle" suggested by an earlier reviewer.  so far i have been forced to revert to a manual, sharp-edge opener.  so, i am led to the belief that very critical tolerances are required for proper operation and that the quality control procedures at hamilton beach are inadequate..the fortunate buyers get ones that function properly; the rest of us get something else.  for now i will stick with my old-time manual opener and junk the 76600
a paperweight not a can opener.it looks like you either love it or hate it. well, of all the consumer items i've purchased during the past 20 years, this is the worst. it just doesn't do one simple thing, open cans. oh, it might open one out of five and that is generous. i always keep my handy dandy hand opener which i bought for $4.95 at the market handy. .do you get the point? don't buy this, it is awful
does not open cans.this can opener, no matter what you do, which way you hold the can, what size can, etc. does not open cans. it looks like a can opener, makes a noise like a can opener, but it does not work. look elsewhere if open cans are what you seek
disappointed..followed the directions to the tee. this cleaner removed a lot of the teflon coating on the actual iron but didn't remove all of he burnt on crap. the coating is important. it keeps the hot metal from sticking to your clothes and damaging the material. now i have to buy a new iron
made in china plates do not match original made in mexico.i love my pistoulet tableware, but dinner service was originally manufactured in mexico, and the new "made in china" plates do not look anywhere near as lovely.  originals had swirling, translucent glazed rims and details.  made in china looks like a poor copy - colors solid and garish, details like the fluer de lis look stamped on rather than hand-painted.  what a huge disappointment
looking for a better spatula.the edge of the spatula, after only two weeks, has started to fall off in little pieces.  i only washed it in soapy warm water and was very careful every time.  i read other reviews that said this was a problem.  i thought if i was very careful it wouldn't happen.  but it did.  i will return it
horrible.buyers beware, i have had the spatula a few weeks and it started to fall apart, peeling on the sides and i have only used it a few times.  it looked nice but does not hold up
poor design.very disappointed kitchenaid fan. this spatula is not only way way too large to be useful and poorly balanced, but also it's sister product (the short turner) broke recently when dealt some routine cooking abuse. snapped right at that pretty narrow neck. futhermore, the plastic handles are not heatproof like the silcone, so if you leave it leaning on the pan or the stove, it will melt. what's the point of silcone then
i expected more from this brand!.i ordered this egg slicer, i had to wait about six weeks because they weren't out yet.  after it arrived i used it to slice mushrooms (listed on the package), the wire broke the first time i used it.  i returned it with no problem and had it replaced.  the second one also broke the first time i used it (also on mushrooms - which is what i purchased it for).  i returned that one and got my money back to go buy a 2.99 at the grocery store that actually works
one star is too high!.i thought this slicer would be a really wise purchase...sturdy  would brighten my kitchen.  wrong, wrong, wrong...it lasted all of two weeks, then as others have experienced, the wires all popped!  wished i'd checked amazon's feedback before my purchase.  mine was an in-store purchase and expensive (for an egg-slicer).  of course, i'd already thrown away my cash receipt (ah,well).  then bought a farberward slicer...very nice looking (black) sturdy (thus far)  i really like it...for less than a third the price of the kitchen aid...love the feedback on amazon!  helps us all be a whole lot more satisfied consumers when we can draw on others positive and negative experiences with their shopping choices!
bad product by a good company.it's that simple. ..this is an inferior product made by a company well known for quality merchandise...i purchased one of these egg slicers based solely upon previous good experience with kitchenaid brand products...the obvious flaws in use are well covered by the two previous reviewers. ..kitchenaid should either re-engineer it, even if re-pricing is required, or simply stop selling it under their brand name, as it can only hurt their reputation.
why can't they make this slicer right ?.i agree with bob. my first egg/mushroom slicer was broken (the wire) after several use (it was in 20th century). my second egg/mushroom slicer was broken (again just the wire) after the second use (this was 21st century). sorry for being sarcastic, but do we need some nasa's rocket science to make this slicer right ? even microsoft can make it better. microsoft should be in this business..
pyrex 4 quart roaster.really disappointed!..listed as "measures approximately 15 by 5 by 9 inches".actual dimansions: 15 by 2 1/2 x 11 inches...so the height was only half of what was described...it arrived on time, in excellent condition, but clearly not what i expected
pan warped.the pan worked fine until it warped on the bottom and would not stay flat on the stove.  i sent it back for a refund
not so good - broke!.i bought this grinder for my wife and we use it about 2 times a week.  i worked fine for about a year then the plastic guards inside the bowl broke.  now the lid won't fit and it doens't work.  be wary of this one unless you want to buy another one next year
take it back if you have a normal kitchen.the box descriptions sound impressive and the price is right, but if you have cabinets hung over your counters and outlets in the wall under there, you're out of luck...the cord is so short, you'll be grinding beans at arms' length, hoping you don't bop your head on the cabinets.  the instructions say it's a safety feature, but it's an annoyance...we have a cooking island counter in the kitchen, and can't use it.  the cord won't reach from the outlet to the countertop unless we have the grinder perched on the very edge.  an extension cord would be silly and hazardous in the kitchen...so, take it back and get another brand.  check the cord length before purchasing.  the display models all had their cords cut off, so we ended up opening a taped package to check the black and decker replacement we selected.  but we were buying it, so no harm, no foul.
while it works, it's pretty decent..i've owned this toaster for just over 18 months, and while it was fully functional, it wasn't half bad.  the toast was more evenly toasted, due to the element design, which is why i chose this toaster oven.  shortly after the 1-year mark, the front half of the lower element went out.  so, toast in front is barely started and the toast in the back burns.  ..there was a lot of marketing hype for this thing, and the price reflected that.  here are my beefs:..the electronic controls for this thing are too simple for all of the functions, and i don't like having to click and click and click the "-" button to go from 30 minutes of baking time (the default) down to the 5 or 10 i want to warm something up.  ditto with the broiling option...the electronic beeping noise at the end of the timer is loud.  really loud.  piercingly loud.  i don't like it.  it wouldn't phase most people, who have the tv on 24/7, but our house is a lot quieter than that, and it's big-time overkill...this is not a true 6-slice toaster oven.  it's a very generously-sized 4-slice toaster oven.  you can fit six slices of  very, very, very small pieces of bread, but usually i can just cram four in the corners, and sometimes one in the center between them all.  you can, however, fit a very large tortilla laid flat in this thing, which makes it great for full-sized quesadillas...the controls aren't flexible.  i like to be able to set the actual time i'm going to toast something, not just "1", "2", "3", etc...when you open the door, you have to pull out the rack separately.  with other toaster ovens, there's a hook on the door that does that for you (which i highly prefer)...long story short, it broke too fast, and the controls aren't flexible enough for me to feel like dropping another $100 on one.  i'm going back to wal-mart to spend another $25 on a simple one that will last me just as long.  (actually, our first wal-mart toaster oven lasted for over two years, and is still going strong  in it's second home.
worst coffee maker ever.this thing takes an hour to brew a pot and makes the biggest mess ever. the coffee is weak and it is impossiable to clean
these break down! no wonder they're refurbished!.i have purchased and used 4 of these cuisinart machines. although i love the ability to have fresh ground coffee in the morning, they are difficult to clean--too many parts to take out, clean and put back every day...but the worst "feature" is that they break. two have given up the ghost with the heating element burning out prematurely (and no, i didn't leave it on, it automatically turns itself off). one refused to grind at all after about 6 months.. really shoddy quality
as fragile as a celebrities ego.while i liked the style of this product, there is no doubt that it breaks extremely easily. unfortunately that is one of the flaws of the braun carafe and probably why braun has discontinued making the coffee maker which utilizes this carafe
great, but can't find a 12 cup coffee maker now!!.first the carafe breaks so i buy the new carafe only to have the coffee maker break and now i can't find a new 12 cup coffee maker. what a waste of money!!! all the sell are the 10 cup coffee makers
henckels.....i am really disappointed in this product - i feel henckels tries to trick their customers by providing lower quality products under the same label.  i understand that the logos are different, but many people buy this set believing they are getting quality german knives for a discount, when in reality they are getting a cheap set of knives that should cost maybe $20, but because of the name are paying $80.  as a sales rep and manager for the number 1 selling cutlery brand in the united states, i can say that the reason we outsell henckels 4 to 1 is because we are completely honest with our customers
buy at your own risk!!!.the spode christmas tree creamer is a lovely item.  however, don't let the good price fool you.  i ordered this item on 12/13/04 to be sent to ny as a christmas gift.  guess what?  the item was shipped to me instead on 12/17/04.  spoke with customer service on 12/18/04 and assured that a replacement item would be shipped on 12/27/04 to ny (after christmas) in addition to sending a return shipping label to me.  guess again?  now, it is 1/3/05 and customer service says the replacement order was cancelled with no notification to me. another replacement order can now be arranged for a ny receipt in about 2 weeks.  i am bypassing amazon.com and replacements.com to ship the package still in my house directly to ny on my own.  it is simply not worth all the time and trouble dealing with all this inefficiency and embarassment
broken twice.this isn't a review of the product since we could never use it. we ordered this because the price looked so good and we thought it would be a nice set to have. the first time it arrived the delivery person advised us to open it- sure enough it was shattered beyond recognition (though it made a pretty sound). so we rejected the box. we decided to give it a second go, thinking they couldn't possibly botch the packing twice. lo and behold the second set arrived - at least recognizable as cookware this time - but broken again. it is so clear from someone who packs and sends items that whoever packed this assumed it was a box of bricks. many of the packing airbags were flat in both cases, but there wouldn't have even been enough to stop breakage even if they were all inflated. essentially three sides of the box were padded, not even top and bottom. no more fragile purchases here
tops don't fit.these items seem too heavy for corelle, much heavier than the.corelle that i have.  the tops don't fit well, either, and i would guess they weren't made for these dishes.
broken twice.i have tried to purchase this set twice.  both times the lids were delivered broken.  i gave up and ordered units without lids
i wish i hadn't bought these sight unseen.i usually love corellware so ordered these sight unseen.  the pattern is raised so when you scrape your fork across the plate, it's very annoying, like fingernails scratching a blackboard.  i don't like it and my husband doesn't like it.  they also aren't very shiny, kinda dull for brand new, although that's not enough to make me not like them but i really hate the scratching.  as soon as i can afford it, i will get rid of these and find something else but won't buy on line
broke two times.i have now bought this dough blender twice and it broke in the same spot (where the handle connects to the metal) both times.  i thought it was a fluke the first time, so i bought another one, and only after 4 uses, it broke also.  i think i'll try another brand next time
don't buy this one . . ..the picture and description is deceiving.  i thought that i was buying the bissell that was on display at wallmart.  the picture and description fit.  wallmart did not restock their shelves fast enough, so i thought i was buying the same bissell cleaner and saving $10 in the meantime.  this on-line version is a much smaller version of the cleaner, with half the power, and the tank capactity does not hold 1/2 gallon as advertised.  if you want to continously fill and empty tanks, then buy this one.  otherwise, go to wallmart and get a much better deal on a larger capacity, larger rollers, and more powerful amp machine for $10 more
not good on stairs.unfortunely there are no moving parts, so it does not scrub the carpet, you do. then, the suction is very low, so it only takes up the surface,.and does not get the edges of the stair. it needs a full covering attanchment with moving brushes to do stairs, which is the area that gets the most dirt! also, it takes up surface dirt, but not dirt in the carpet, so leaves large rings where dirt had been. not useful
terrible!.i bought this because the ratings were quite good considering the price.  first of all ... if you are looking for something that will help remove spots .. consider something else!!!!  i went over and over and over spots, and they still remain. i realize that this is not a "spot bot", although a steam cleaner should definitely take care of the problem -- especially onne with rotating brushes.  secondly, the tank is extremely small.  it is about 1/4 of the size of cleaners that you rent from the store.  i thought that i wouldn't be too upset if it didn't work as expected, although now that i have it, i definitely am!  i would not recommend buying it for even $10.00 (which is $9.99 too much)!
medicore performance with a design flop.i bought this unit. it has a medicore performance. however there's a design flop with the unit (wonder why bissell sells a lot of remanufactured?). the clean water unit will tilt toward you when you engage the paddle to start the vacumming (the clean water unit is attached on the handle of the vacuum so when you engage the unit to start to vacuum, the handle will not stand 90 degree anymore and so does the clean water unit). when the clean water unit tilt toward you, the unit will not spray the cleaning solution. this is easily to fix such by putting the velcro/wire so the clean water unit will not tilt toward you when you engage the paddle to start vacuuming. but i am surprised a big company such as bissell will create such a design flop. i have not decided whether i am going to keep this machine or not due to the design flop..if they remanufacture these, they should have put the solution to their design flop unless they just too shy to admitt it
save your money; rent a real carpet cleaner!.this bissell was a real piece of junk. i used it only twice, and was only able to clean two carpet runners, which took me as long to do as did cleaning all my carpets with a rug doctor. the major problem with the bissell is its crummy gravity-fed solution delivery system - it works with plain water, but very soon clogs with bubbles when carpet cleaner is added to the tank - the whole point of the machine, right? i tried adding antifoam solution to the tank, enlargening the nozzle holes, enlargening the tank vent hole, but to no avail. the "scrubber brush" is practically useless, even after i added a small coil spring to help it push down on the carpets. the vacuum motor is pretty good, but it really doesn't have much to do when most of the cleaning solution just stays in the tank. the "lightweight" feature was great though; it made an easy job of throwing my bissell into a dumpster, and the cheap plastic construction of this machine made a very satisfying smashing sound as it slammed into the back of that dumpster
not as expected.....setting up the bar was easy anf fast.we had it up in 15 mins.however the design of the bar is flawed in the sense that the bar can topple easily since it does not have any base.also considerign we have carpet floors ,it is very wobbly.if only it had a base this would have taken care of the problem
the lesser of two evils.i decided to replace my worn, cloth oven mits with these because they were getting worn and so thin that they no longer protected my hands from heat, especially wet heat and spills. ..now, i've only used these silicone mits twice, but so far i am underwhelmed. i find them extremely unwieldy and inflexible. i didn't realize they were quite as thick as they are. ..having said that, i think i will probably get more used to them. they have performed as expected in the realm of insulation and that was my big complaint with cloth mits. i guess i traded for the lesser of two evils here
clumsy grip, and very hot and sweaty to use in practice..,.i bought a pair of these for their 500 degree capability...and that's about all i got out if them. ..i have size 7-8 glove hands, and these are at least a good fit. ..in actual use on bbq, grill and oven work, they: ..1. quickly make one's hands hot and drip with sweat because they are waterproof .2. are way too stiff, and hard to grip things with, because of the rigid, thick silicone, and rigid containment of the thumb .3. because they are completely waterproof, they would be good for working in and around hot liquids, that would penetrate cloth or leather gloves ..i've gone back to lined leather and lined thick cloth gloves, and welcome their dexterity, and not having sweaty, hot hands encased in these "heaters". ..this was a great idea in 2001. not now. if you insist on having a silicone material, there are smaller silicone "grabbers" or "glovelets" perhaps 4 inches in length to fit just the fingers and thumb in, that are far easier to use for hot utensils and pots in the oven. perhaps in a few years, silicone will be not as stiff to work with, and then we can try a pair.
nice idea with poor follow through.i received the orka as a christmas present last year.  i was excited to use it but i was quickly dissappointed after i did.  yes, you can pick up some really hot stuff with this oven mitt, but there is also a good chance you'll drop some hot stuff as well.  unfortunately, the design of the mitt forces your thumb to be uncomfortably across from the rest of your fingers, not next to your fingers as it normally sits.  this aspect along with the fact that the thumb and fingers are held in a rigid position make it difficult to pick up items, especially heavy items.  i don't know about you, but something that makes it difficult to pick up hot, heavy items doesn't belong in my kitchen.  i just don't think its safe
only disasters from this pan.i am ready to give up on this bundt pan.  thus far, my cakes refuse to come out, no matter how i prepare the pan for baking.  this is not a cheap item, and i am very diappointed with it
quality product?.as i removed the cardboard insert to wash it for the first time i was surprised to run my fingers and hand through it to notice sharp burs and rough edges. i expected a little better craftsmenship for the price. hope my cakes slide out..
was great when it worked but no availability for parts.i purchased my villaware cookie press about 2 years ago and only use it at christmas and usually only over the course of 3-4 days.  i don't make more than 3-4 batches of cookies at a time, so i didn't have any battery problems and i usually just left it plugged in.  ..my plastic dough tube broke however the last time i used it and the company does not offer or have any replacement tubes.  they recommend buying a whole new machine.   i find it very poor that this company does not stock replacement dough tubes as this is going to be the part that is always subject to the most stress and is most likely to break.  for the sake of a plastic part that probably costs less than $1, they want me to buy a whole new machine.  they claimed that they are unable to get the components separately, even though i was more than willing to pay for the new tube.  ..now, i still have my old-fashioned hand crank press that i got from my mother that is at least 40 years old.  i am going back to it and will not buy another product from villaware again.
useless cookie baking item.this was the worst baking adjunct that i ever purchased and the first item i have returned after actually using it.  it does not hold a charge, it is extremely slow and for the most part ineffectual.  my ancient hand operated cookie press does the job perfectly and in half the time, however, due to arthritis it is hard for me to use. i will be happy to go back to it
don't buy.everything sticks to it. i thought it was a non-stick, in fact i didn't think they sold anything but that now. dont buy
everything sticks.not long ago i bought a le creuset non-stick omelete frying pan and was very satisfied with it. the size of that pan was a bit small so i decided to buy a much bigger 11-3/4" skillet. when i received it i discovered that it didn't come with a non-stick coating, but instead it had a "satin black enamel" surface. it's just horrible - everything sticks to it, even when i use low heat and lots of oil. now i know why le creuset says the pan gets better as you use it more, as it will get a special "patina" - probably meaning that this skillet sticks badly. now i have to suffer from scrubbing each time after i fry something simple until the "patina" develops. by the way, the best way to clean a le creuset is baking soda! sprinkle baking soda and add a drop of detergent, then scrub with a sponge - very effective
disappointed, very poor performance, wonder how these others are happy with it....i bought this blender because i liked its retro design, and i thought it would function well.  well, every single time i've tried to use it has been a disaster.  even for very simple tasks, like blending soft avocado, the blender has not worked. the blades spit big chunks onto the sides of the glass jar and then spin around without blending anything... it's horrible.  and i even threw away my old, ugly blender when i bought this one... and the other worked just fine. :
i'm done.i'm done with non-stick. the coating on this pan has started peeling off, just as it did with kaiser's and chicago metallic's non-stick. i'm going back to tinned steel. (my experience with cake pans, including springforms, has been the same.
warning! do not purchase this product..i just purchased this filter and it is much smaller than the filter basket of the coffee maker. i thought it would fit snugly, but it does not. there is a gap between the outside of the filter and the basket. ..to brew the coffee correctly, i have to perfectly center the filter in the basket. this is an inconvenience, especially in the morning when i am not fully awake. i will be returning this item.
don't buy this product.don't buy this product, because is not bigger then other filters that are sold at grocery stores.  i first bougth one from a grocery store and i thought it was too small to fit right in the hamilton beach brewstation so i went and bot this product thinking it would fit better to my amazement it did not it was no biger then the filter i bought at the grocery store and i pay only 3.95 for the filter it was black and decker filter.  i promise you will be mad when you get it cause you would think it would be custom made for the actual brewstation but is not..oh, and the water filter has to be change every one to three months don't bother buying it just used your personal water filter for the water.   the only nice thing about the coffee filter is that it's color is golden. that's it. don't buy it
thermostat not right.i received this unit as a gift.  thinking the fancy programmable features made this an upgrade, i gave away my older crock pot (which i loved).  mistake!  i've been noticing that it takes forever (two days!) to cook pot roasts and stews to the point of tenderness, and almost as long to soften beans, so finally i measured the temperatures with a cooking thermometer.  on high, the food is 175 degrees, low is 160 degrees, and keep warm is 140 degrees.  at this temperature, the unit is mostly good for cooking rice congee overnight.  otherwise, you are burning electricity for a long time. ..i called rival customer service (1-800-323-9519), and the woman said while she had no specification for this particular model, their crockpots were supposed to come to 200 degrees, so this was close.  when i pointed out that the roasts were supposed to cook faster than two days, she asked how long i had the unit, and, finding it was more than one year, offered to sell me one at full price, that being all she could do...i do believe the thermostats must be defective, but rival does not do repairs (even if one wanted to pay shipping and pay for same).  one can speculate that it would cost more to get it repaired independently (if the defective part can be obtained from rival) than just to replace the unit.  be careful and consider a more reputable brand
beware of customer service at rival.i own this crock and 2 others from rival.  i am a very big  fan of crock pots.  but when i encountered a problem with the rival casserole crock, i tried to contact the company.  the web site was not a good way.  i finally contacted someone at the company by phone, and cannot say the problem was resolved.  in fact, i finally had to ask the rep. to please be quiet and really listen to what i was saying.  she was all too quick to repeat stock phrases and not really address the issue.  after a flurry of exchanges with her supervisor and some other people at the company, i gave the crock away.  in the future, i will not purchase any rival product if there is a good alternative.  they lost a loyal customer - one who is willing to share dissatisfaction with anyone who will listen.  as to this crock, i agree it runs too hot, and will get rid of this one too.  rival is helping themselves into obscurity
not a good taco maker.i have one of these. the picture is deceptive. these tongs actually just make a v shape taco. the picture shows the classic u shape. i have searched high and low for one that does the u shape with no luck. this product does work, if you don't mind having the v shape. (you will break the shell when you eat it)
useless.the blade is so thin, your just about able to spread soft whipped cream with. forget frosting or any kind of batter. it's a complete waste of mone
will burn you when using vertical steam.when using vertical steam against hanging clothing, the steam will push out underneath and blow towards your hand underneath the handle. its hot!..you also have to press the button every time you want steam. it takes for ever to steam a regular hanging cotton dress shirt...water reservoir is very small, only the size of handle...would not recommend. i need a iron that will steam continuously an hanging article, without a board. gluc
not what i expected.working in a full-price retail store, i use a jiffy steamer on a weekly basis. so when i discovered they sold a cheaper version i got one. well boy was i disppointed! the "puffs" of steam stopped long before my garment was decent. after a while, it just stopped working altogether. now the plate is filthy (from who knows what) and the thing is practically useless! save your money and listen to these people's reviews
worthless.i bought this to handle minimal wrinkles knowing that this was all a handheld steamer could manage. it couldn't even handle this. you have to constantly press the steam burst button to get a low amount of steam that in the end didn't do the job. the water tank is also much too small for the amount of "steam bursts" required. put the money towards a professional steamer
terrible quality!  steer clear..my wife and i had a pretty nice rowenta steamer that we got as a wedding gift about 4 years ago.  well, that one didn't have the dual voltage switch and when we were in europe, we basically fried it (our fault - we thought the converter would work with it, but apparently not).  anyway, we replaced it with this model last fall.  big mistake.  the first thing i noticed is this one is made in mexico, the old one was made in germany.  also much cheaper quality - the parts, the fit and finish.  we turned it on and it never heated up.  took it back and brought #2 home.  this one heated up, got so hot that it emitted a scary smell (like when you clean an oven) and the plastic cover plate got too hot to the touch.  based on reading the manual and the website, i don't think this is supposed to happen.  at any rate, we were never able to get it to emit steam, no matter how long we waited or how much we pressed the button.  back to the store to exchange it for #3.  this time we made the clerk try it out to see if it was just us.  it wasn't.  none of the store personnel were able to get it to work.  when they gave us a new one, i asked them to try it as well.  same result.  they had to open yet another new one out of the box (we're up to #4 now, if you're still trying to keep count) which worked.  admittedly i was pretty leery at this point, but we were leaving on a trip in less than a week and they stocked no other steamer models.  so i took it home and it went with us to japan.  worked fine the first few times, but after about a week of travel it began to fall apart.  now it leaks profusely and the steam output is about half what it once was.  i contacted rowenta but the hassle to box this thing up, send it to the service center in san diego, etc. is just not worth it to me.  needless to say, i am through with buying rowenta
not worth it.i purchased this product to steam my borsalino hats. after 5 uses, it stopped steaming. rowenta told me to put water in it and hold it upside down and press the steamer button 4-5 times. i tossed it in the garbage. extremely disappointed. sure i could have sent it in for repair, but that would have cost more that the amount i paid for it originally
do not purchase this item from amazon!.i recently purchased this set of 2 individual server dishes from amazon, but only received 1 dish (1/2 of the set). after a visit to the online return center, i was assured that this item would be re-sent as a set of 2 and that i should return the single dish from my original shipment. to my dismay, i again only received 1 dish in the replacement shipment. i have now spent 30 minutes on the phone with customer service trying to sort out this problem. if you are interested in this portmeirion item, please buy in person or from another seller. i have had many good experiences with amazon, but i was very disappointed with this particular transaction
pay twelve dollars for two dollars worth of wood.oh boy. did i ever get taken with this. i opened the box and out came tumbling an assorted quantity of wooden dowels, frame sticks and cheap screws. well, i bought it so i might as well put it together. the result is a cheap "pasta dryer" made of cheap wood. you can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear, as they say and you can't make a good product out of wood that looks like it is made from scrap wood. this pasta dryer is flimsy and cheap. hanging pasta on it is a pain and the wood screws start to rust. i'll be using this stupid thing as firewood for the winter. this product should be taken off amazon. it is a sham
some reviewers are dumber than the wood.well, all i can say in response to dennis grace is i have a bridge to sell you and a brand new edsel you'd be interested in. while he takes issue with all the people that didn't agree with him, let's look at the facts, dennis...1) the rack is cheap and flimsy. i don't know how an intelligent adult could praise such a piece of dreck..2) the eleven dollars spent for this item is robbery. the wood, nor the quality justifies the outrageous price of this unit..3) you state that you can always buy a new one if it breaks. this one had me in stitches. i suppose you buy a new car everytime it breaks? this is logic of the lowest form, if you can call it that..4) this rack is foldable? yes, if you take it apart. from this logic, a car is foldable too...if you take everything apart..5) the slats are wide enough for pasta if you remove some of them? oh, yes. you can do that. you can also take out the seats of your car and fit eight people in there too. doable, but not what your car was intended to do...in conclusion, dennis needs a life instead of slamming people over some cheap wood.
not very impressive.i thought the drying rack was pretty poorly made from really cheap wood. the thing reminded me of something you would make in woodshop in junior high school. maybe that's why the reviewer "dennis" likes this rack so much...it reminds him of his rare school accomplishments. the rack is nice looking but considering the price, it is no bargain. the wood splits on assembly because it is of poor quality. i liked the way it looked, but as for it being functional and sturdy, i would say other products would do better.
barely adequate, very inconvenient.previous reviews say it well.  this is simply to confirm:..- difficult to store.- very cheaply made.- requires assembly.- not worth the money at any price..also, it's not very tall.  perhaps i just stink at making pasta, but my pasta was entirely too long when compared to the height of the rack
as good as the pasta machine....bad.i was totally blown away by the terrible quality of this rack. basically, the rack comes unassembled. you get the frame and the drying rack dowels. the wood is cheap and thin. the unit is wobbly and fragile. it is difficult to string the pasta through the narrow slats. this rack is highly over-priced. the low quality and the cheapness of the construction of this unit is sub-par. the only redeeming quality of this rack is that it is a converstation piece
shoddy quality.this item although expressly and impliedly advertised that it is made in germany is actually made in china. the item is generally of a very poor quality. i would not buy it for the price advertised and i am trying to get my money bac
save your ten dollars for something better.this was the worst rolling pin i have ever used. it broke within a year of making occasional homemade pizza crusts. maybe i don't know my own strength but the handles started to crack and the plastic piece in the end would fall out. i kept pushing it back into place, but eventually the glue inside one of the handles gave way and it broke completely off. it would have been less frustrating and more time efficient to roll the dough by hand. save your money and go see a movie or something
lumpy lumpy lumpy.every smoothie came out lumpy, and with a bit of plastic aftertaste.  i've had three blenders in the past. all could chop up almonds if you waited long enough, added a little juice, and tapped the sides.  this thing has such a large and round jar with such small blades that it will just not reach every piece. lumps and more lumps. i even tried sharpening the blades. the krups turned almonds to powder in 10 seconds. this turnes almonds to small pieces in 2 minutes. so it makes a good alarm clock to wake the whole house.  even the banana was still lumpy. i read all these reviews and no one mentioned this problem.  i'm definitely getting a different blender.
cheap little blender.the blender can in quick time. the quality is what you pay for..i saw the same blender at a dollar store for 15 dollars.
good looks don't mean "good toast".the toaster is quite nice looking but it takes forever to brown a slice of bread.  english muffins or bagel?....try two cycles..for the money i paid for this thing it should, at a minimum, deliver a slice of toast in under 4 minutes
looks but no guts.first off, let me say, this toaster looks very nice and is overall, solid for being made of lightweight plastic...the controls for heating by side (2 pairs of toaster controls) are nice and important.....when we first opened this a year and a half ago, we were somewhat disapointed by the lightness but quickly got over that because it doesn't really matter, just a 'feeling' about quality...we used the toaster 2-3 times a month and after playing with the controls could toast fairly well.  the wide slots are very nice...cons:.as mentioned, you'll have to play with settings by bread type and thickness.  this is a light con as most toasters work this way...the real heavy 'con'  is that the unit seams to change it's abilty to read the toasting level which again, sometimes occurs with other toasters...real big con:.warranty is a joke.  after 1.5 years one side doesn't want to work and after calling delonghi, they say it sounds like a sensor issue which is not covered after 1 year.   ..nice looks but doesn't last...go with kichten aide with a real warranty!
do not buy this toaster.buyer beware!!! it looks good, but doesn't work. one side of the 4-slice toaster went out after a couple months of having it. we called the 800# that came with it. it took a few calls to reach anyone, we left messages and no one ever got back to us. finally, we reached a live person and received a service # and address to send the toaster back for repair. after a couple months we called to find out where our toaster was. we left numerous messages and no one ever got back to us. i know they recieved it because they signed for it. anyway, it's a year later and they still haven't returned our calls or the toaster!! we bought a 4-slice cuisinart that we're very happy with, but we're out our original $79. save yourself the agony, don't buy this toaster
looks aren't everything....i have owned this toaster for 3 years.  my family begs me to buy a different one.  the reason i'm giving it even one star is because i love the retro styling  this appliance has received more compliments  comments than any i've ever owned.  aside from that, this is the sloooowest toaster.  so slow, that you put in your toast  get doing 5 other things  forget that you even put toast in by the time it pops up.  a friend of mine bought one because she loved the look also, even though i told her not to.  she also wished she hadn't fallen for the looks as hers is equally painfully slow
delonghi toaster exchange.we saw this product in a store and decided we must have it to replace our toaster oven....we only used the toaster oven as a toaster.  our children presented the delonghi toaster to us as a christmas gift and we were thrilled....thrilled, that is, until we tried to use it.  one side would not go down.  much to our delight, we were able to exchange it.  with great anticipation, we unwrapped the replacement, read all the instructions again, plugged it in and put in 4 slices of bread.  we pushed the levers down and waited...and waited...and waited.  the toaster did not heat up....well, we said, it must be a bad plug...we tried another plug which we were sure was perfectly functional. the toaster did not heat up.  when we returned the second one, we opted for another brand.  thus, the rating...if zero stars was an option, we would have used it.  it looks great; wish it had worked
defective, bad quality control.i bought this based on recommendations here.  i assume the other reviewer's arrived without defect.  on mine one of the four tubular steel legs was not bent to shape as the pthers were.  it was effectively shorter than the others by about an inch making it far too wobbly for use unless i put something under that leg.  they clearly have a quality control problem at the factory to ship this out.  i therefore cannot recommend this item
doesn't fit a 12" mattress, never mind 17".i have a 9-year old mattress that's around 9" thick, topped with a 3" memory foam topper. i bought this mattress pad because it was advertised as fittign up to 17" mattress. this is a crock. every morning i have to re-seat the corners of the pad because they've slipped out from the bottom of the mattress just due to normal tossing and turning at night. putting the thing on after a washing is a struggle, and there's always at least one corner ready to pop loose...this pad is cheap for a reason. shop elsewhere if you have an extra-thick mattress and need a pad that will fit it well
not worth more than $7.the only reason this thing costs $20 is because it's a brand name and they use catchy buzz words like "200tc" and other worthless phrases designed to make you feel like you've made a good purchase...here's what you don't get. a quality mattress pad that you won't have to replace next year. ..aside from the cheap cotton top, this thing is made of the same material as the disposable shorts you get before an x-ray. i sent this pos right back where it came from because i want a mattress pad that lasts a while. not one that will fall apart after a couple of washes
don't put the beater in the dishwasher.wow.  the beater and dough hook are "burnished aluminum" and you can't put either one in the dishwasher!  i have read that you can get coated ones, but people then complain that the coating comes off in the food...what kind of a deal is that?  my old sunbeam came with stainless steel beaters and dough hooks and they go thru the dishwasher just fine...why is this thing the most expesnive thing on the market and they skimp on the beater  dough hook????  makes me wonder what ell else they have skimped on that you can't see.... the profit margins must be huge
a mess!.i was so excited to make my own ravioli, but it was all a fiasco
when it's good, it's good, but ....i've used this about 6-8 times, and of those, had one trouble-free batch. the other times the dough got snagged by a regulating piece in the middle, or the filling was inconsistent or spilled over (too much, too little). being left-handed also difficult to work with comfortably
messy and useless.i agree with the other negative review below, this attachment is useless for making ravioli.  firstly, the ravioli are way too small (imho) and it is very difficult to gauge the amount of filling to put into the machine, as it depends on the consistency of the mixture.  it's not possible to roll the pasta thin enough for a good ravioli either, as if it's too thin the filling just squirts right out.  it is also impossible to clean when a wet filling gets inside the machine (which it does) if you cannot use water to wash it (which it says you shouldn't as it may rust).  i recommend the old fashioned way of making ravioli, it's actually a lot easier and you have more control over the size and shape of the finished product.  i actually like the imperia pasta machine very much, but this was a very disappointing attachment
villaware ravioli attachment.this is a somewhat useless product.  it is messy to use and requires a bit of coordination.  the ravioli are formed in sheet and need to be invidually separated by cutting.  since the manufacture does not recommend washing,  the cleaning up is a choir
doesn't compare to the hamilton beach makers.first, physical weaknesses: the pitchers crack and warp slowly but steadily, so won't last forever. you can replace them for about ten bucks, but with shipping that's half the cost of an entirely new unit. and you can't put them in the dishwasher, so you'll probably want at least several up front anyway, so that you can clean them...second, cleaning problems. unlke the hamilton beach tea makers, the bags here go in the brewing housing, which has to be removed and cleaned separately from the pitcher. and if you forget to do that, you'll have yucky (even moldy) tea bags the next time you go to make tea, even if that's within two days...hamilton beach instead keeps the bags' brewing area inside the pitcher itself, which you can refridgerate and prevent yuck and mold from occuring. plus, the mr coffee station drips tea on the counter as soon as you remove the pitcher, whereas the hamilton beach only drips water since the tea process is all contained in the pitcher itself...further, the mr coffee series requires that the pitcher get very close to the brew housing station, with the tea just barely getting into the spout, or else you'll get tea dripped on the counter while brewing. that messiness increases as the pitcher begins to warp and crack. hamilton beach bests that both by including a pull-out tray that holds the pitcher in the correct position, and by having the tea drip directly to the center of the pitcher rather than milimeters from the edge of the spout...above all, the hamilton beach series simply makes better tea. it includes a dial that allows you to make weak, medium, or strong tea, and that's all automated. the mr coffee series has no such setting, but requires you to "close" the brewing area for a period and then turn a dial to "open" before it starts putting tea in the pitcher. that manual step both slows down the tea production, and risks making quite the mess if you forget to go back and open the dial...finally, the mr coffee pitcher is a large and obtrusive round cylinder that takes up lots of space in the fridge, even when there's only a glass or so left in the pitcher. the hamilton beach pitchers are instead elongated oval shapes, that fit in more places in the fridge, even in the fridge door, and are *shorter* so that you can put them on a shelf with a lower overhead...mr. coffee: bigger mess, more manual, more cleaning, more risk, lower longevity, and lamer tea...hamilton beach: no mess, no manual revisit, easy to clean, no risk, lasts longer, better tea, and more options when you make it...no contest
not dishwasher safe as advertised on packaging.one of the factors that drew me to this particular thermometer is that the packaging states it is "diswasher safe".  i had always washed it by hand until one particular day it was especially greasy, and i decided to take advantage of the "dishwasher safe" quality.  just one run through the diswasher and it was fried!  i tried to contact polder through the email address on their website, and all my emails are rejected because the "destination computer was not found".  i gave it 2 stars because i did like it while it worked - so if you wash by hand it should be okay. just don't count of manufacturer support if it fails
they should call this a sausage maker pasta at your own risk.we were so excited to get this machine only to find out that it is mainly made of acrylic easy to break plastic. when we tried to make fettuccini our first try it got so overloaded we thought it would explode, as the front plates began to crack. the parts clearly could not manage the pressure. we were able to make sausage without trouble but i got it for pasta! i was unable to return this item (bought online) and am very disappointed. i wished i'd purchased a metal pasta maker. pain to clean and easily broken - was not worth what it cost
should've known.i purchased mine at a retail store at a typical "as seen on tv" discounted price and returned it within a couple days.  the "locking ring" that held the mixer in its place broke in half after the first use.  i could have purchased the part through ronco's website for $7.00 + s/h (for a molded plastic ring!), but if it broke on my first use (and i followed the recipe in the booklet carefully), it'll surely break again - not very economical or convenient.  .thankfully, the retailer was happy to give me a refund.
broke on 1st use.avoid this product at all costs. the cheap little attachments that the dough is forced through are flimsy plastic and if your dough is even slighty too hard, they break. ronco warranty won't cover them. so your stuck with a useless piece of plasti
long wait for broken machine..well as soon as i took the thing out of the box i heard a rattle.  the noise was a broken power switch and i can't even turn it on.  waited for months to get it, then got it, and now can't use it.  trying to return it, so in six months from now i will be able to use it for the first time
not up to expectations.i used this product only once and was not satisfied.  it certainly does not make pasta which is up to my expectations
worst coffee maker i've ever purchased..the design of this coffee maker is awful.  everything about it is awkward.  the lid is a strange design that is difficult to get on and off.  this coffee maker does not fit into a dishwasher because the spout is so small .  plus, it makes awful coffee!  i strongly suggest not purchasing this coffee maker.  i have bought other braun products that i really liked, but braun made a big mistake with this one, i think they should pull it off the market
cheaply made, broken, blade was very inconsistent at cutting.one plastic tooth broke during shipping, the screws were stripped and would not properly assemble, instructions were terrible and the blade does a horribly inconsistent job of cutting noodles!  some have to be pulled apart by hand, and certain softer or more water-filled vegetables will not cut into "noodles" at all...buy the spirooli instead
broken pieces.this set arrived in broken pieces.  although the pattern and overall look of these products were quite beautiful, it was obvious from the packaging, that pieces would always arrive scattered.  the pieces were slotted within the cardboard separaters but no further care was given to those pieces shifting and hitting each other during shipment and handling.  i would not purchase this product again
not at all what i expected.i purchased a set of sheets from amazon and they were amazing (much lower thread count) so i thought i'd try a higher thread count and after some reviews, went with these sheets.  right out of the box, they were rough; after washed they were rough and stiff...right now these are probably on par with very cheap, department store bought quality sheets at far less of a price...i would not recommend these sheets at all
material not soft.these sheets are very thick and feel more like a drapery material.  they are still stiff after multiple washings.  they are not nice soft material like i was hoping for
scratchy.i ordered two sets.  after the 2nd washing i noticed that the bottom sheets have developed "fuzz" balls - feels like your bed has crumbs in it...i know you aren't suppose to get this when you use 100% cotton - so possibly these are a blend (even though it states 100% cotton on the description)...disappointed
very disappointed.was very excited seeing the postitive reviews for the sheet set..but only after 3 weeks of use, little fuzz balls were everywhere..not worth the money..this is the only thing i regret buying from amazon
600 thread? more like 220 grit sand paper.these are the most uncomfortable sheet i have ever experienced. a must not buy
if kids are around - be careful.adolescents huffing from cans of dust-off brand compressed air have died.
do not buy [...].do not buy this item called dust off it contains a propellant called r2 kids ages 9-15 have been using this to get a 10 second high. kids have died using this product. its almost if u stick it in your mouth and push the button you die. [...
pretty - but small.love the matching sugar bowl that comes with this butter dish, and the butter dish is very pretty, however it is too small!! or short rather.. you put a standard cube of butter in the dish and it squeezes the top of the butter and gets stuck. the lid does not touch the bottom of the dish  until you have used most of the butter. also it has to reach room temperature, so it becomes molded to the shape of the lid better, which in turn makes a mess. really, very unusual and it drives me nuts. i do not recomend the butter dish, sadly
k45sb replacement bowl is what i got..i was really excited about finding a replacement bowl for my kitchen aid mixer.  i bake 3 to 4 cakes a week.  however, this bowl is  being advertised as kithenaid k45sbwh, the wh meaning "with handle".  i received the bowl without a handle.  the handle is a very important feature to me.  the advertisement is erroneous and very misleading.  i was very disappointed that i didn't get what i ordered.
not quite as described.thia little oven -- and i mean "little" -- takes up a lot of counter space, but provides very little usable interior space. i'm looking for a replacement for my ancient farberware that would hold three 9 x 13 pans or a whole chicken. the inside of this oven is small, square, and usable only with the included small square pan that is too small to hold the juices from a small roast chicken. if all you do is re-heat 12inch pizza, well, then, it's probably a good buy for the price. by the way, read the returns policy carefully -- there's a re-stocking fee even if the product description is misleading
would be nice if i ever saw it.i never received this oven. i don't think it's the fault of amazon but it sems that ups lost it. i have no interest now in the product because i see that the price has jumped from 99 dollars to 130. the only reason that i ordered it was the low price. i have since ordered a new camera from you so i shall continue to use amazon but not macys
chicago cutlery forum 4-piece steak knife set.the knives have an attractive,eye-pleasing design, but i plan to get a refund because they develop rust spots. whatever happened to stainless steel,and why does'nt a company like chicago cutlery stick to it ? i suspect these knives are manufactured in a foreign country with low quality standards
too much money, and not that great.i had bought this thinking that i wouldn't ever have to plug roomba in to charge. that didn't happen. if roomba is in another room when the battery is running low, he won't make it to the charger. so you still have to pick it up and carry it to the charger, so what is the point? (i have an "l" shaped living area, and it isn't even that big).you have to "babysit" roomba anyway. sometimes his back cover falls off and you have to put it back on (very annoying, why won't it stay on?) roomba can also get stuck in places or pick up something you forgot to get out of the way and run until the motor burns out (at least they gave me a replacement).so it just isn't worth the money. i just bend over and plug it in myself and saved the 50 bucks
piece of junk.the picture looks great but the product does not work well.  i thought by purchasing a "black  decker" prduct it would work well  - - mistake.  the item kept blowing the recepticle.  i thought it was a bad unit so i ordered a replacement.  same thing, to a lesser degree.  i called my electrician because i thought it might be my house, he checked it and said no issues on my side.  complete waste of money and time on my part
broke after 4 uses.this work fine at first. but after only 4 uses,now the motor stops if you press down only a little with the fruit. it is useless
i hate this cookware..i have a complete set of calphalon, purchased as wedding gifts 15 years ago. the finish is gone, food has always stuck to the surfaces entailing hours of soaking and setting around the kitchen, but the price is so high that i have cussed it and used it for years. when they say that "you'll never buy another set of cookware" they are right; no one can afford to replace it. i'm am going slowly to creuset
cannot put in dishwasher.if you put this cookware in the dishwasher, even once, it will look disgusting and get black/gray stuff all over anything that touches it.  yes it does say that in the literature after you buy it, but by then it is too late.  i will never own another anodized aluminum pan again, be smart buy stainless steel, it lasts for life
where's negative stars?.i wish amazon had negative or zero stars.  we bought this as a replacement for the original and ended up eating our money  throwing this waste out with the trash.  the cheesy rake with tiny metal prongs does not catch clumps, does not rake far down enough to the bottom, and does not move far enough forward to push the poop into the recepticle container.  it just sits there at the junction  reeks.  the motor is noisy and slow.  the assembly was complicated and you can't easily disassemble it to clean it like the old one.  the sides of the box are low and our cat accidentally flung litter out every time she scratched.  a horrible, horrible mistake...not "improved" over the old one at all.  you're better off with a $2 plastic box  old-fashioned disposable clay litter--you'll end up changing the entire box of litter about every day with either choice...but actually we found another old model littermaid new at walmart--i still can't believe they discontinued that one for this "mega advanced" piece of junk.
don't fix what isn't broken.i would agree that this model is too long on style (if there is such a thing in litterboxes), and too short on substance.  the rake does not dip far enough towards the bottom of the pan, meaning that there is a lot that is not picked up.  the rake also has a tendency to bunch litter towards the back of the pan behind where it retracts, which never makes it to the receptacle and starts to stink.  go with the original version, which is tough as nails and works great
beware!!! - not respresentative of the product line.i bought one of these to replace a previous model tht was slowing down. it looks sleek and sounds great, but... the motor is noisy and seemingly weak. the pan is designed with a shallowly sloping end that allows the blades to leave material in the pan. the blades continually got stuck and the system would shut down. within 30 days it would just die in place, and the motor went entirely. the tent that comes with it is too small, and very annoying to remove and replace when fixing the machine, which was basically every time the cat used it. i have used the littermaid products since getting cats 8 years ago, and they have been great. i didn't bother to deal with getting this replaced at the store or by th company; i bought a model 500 for half the price here on amazon and i'm back in business
new and improved..........it is not. i ordered it in error thinking that i was buying the original lm 500. that unit has its issues, but once you get used to the quirks, it works well. this "improved version" is anything but. first of all, it needs assembly and that's not easy. secondly, the rake just doesn't work properly. it rides too high, missing a lot of debris, and the tines are too far apart. our cats disdain to use it and have chosenn the rug instead. ugh! the only positive thing is that the vendor has given me a full refund
dont waste your money.i shouldve read the reviews first before wasting my time and money buying this thing, putting it together, then cleaning it out, trying to get it back in the box to return.. what a piece of junk. the rake doesnt even go deep enough to rake clumps buried. it only seems to rake the top half of the litter. then it actually breaks up a lot of pieces since it doesnt go that deep so you have to back and scoop after it anyway. who came up with this design?? you would think that after years now of the littermaid being invented it should now be a super scooper. they actually made it worse than the previous design. the sleep timer is nice. thats the only good thing i have to say
not worth the money.i would've rated this at zero stars if i could.  after having it for about one month, i have come to the conclusion that this is one of the worst products i have ever purchased...prior to purchasing the elite mega, i owned an lm500 basic model.  while it didn't work as well as i liked, it was 100% better than the elite mega...the elite mega is poorly and cheaply constructed.  the rake doesn't lift the lid of the receptacle high enough for the waste to go in.  the rake doesn't go all the way back and lift out of the litter allowing the cat to urinate into the litter behind the rake which keeps the waste from being raked out.  the attachment points for the receptacles are extremely hard to work, don't fit well and are often knocked loose by the rake...for $150, i expect a lot more from this product.  the littermaid elite is not nearly as good as the old model
this version must be beta!.i have had this littermaid (lme9000) for just under 60 days (purchase date was 8-22-2006). it was a replacement for an older littermaid that i had for 4 years (give or take about a month)...here are the problems i have:.the flimsy molding causes the cover for the receptacle to never close. it catches on the sides, so its always cracked open. so the ionic filter may sound nice, it can't battle that much smell...also, since the rake doesn't have a fixed guide, it catches a lot even when its only raking through litter with no waste to plow through. ..the rake guide wheels are not so great either. if the rake gets caught on something, the motor is actually strong enough to break the wheels off the rake, resulting in a completely useless littermaid. ..i would not reccomend this model/style to anyone. you are much better off with the lm500 since its the older design and should be far more reliable
it is what it is.i bought mine several months ago and use it exclusively for espresso.  that i would give it 4 stars.  as for customer service, all they have voice mail telling you they will call you back but they never do.  for that i give them one star.
when it works, it is ok.as others have said, the auto shutoff is a royal pain. in addition, don't believe the stuff about using tap water. this iron must use distilled water or it will clog up and stop working..repairs are very expensive, close to the cost of buyign a new iron
this brand is not worth the money.i purchased this iron a year ago.  needless to say i have had the same problems regarding the dripping of water at the bottom of the cord area that others have talked about...i can say that this will be my last rowenta purchase.  i say this because this is not my first rowenta iron, but my third...do not buy this brand.  it's not worth the headache.  if there were no stars this brand would get it.  1 star is too good for a brand this bad
difficult to use.coffee grounds overflow into the pot 90% of the time.  very frustrating
very disappointed.these sheets survived maybe three weeks before pilling up.  they feel like sandpaper after only two washes!  unbelievably poor.  you're better off with whatever the cheapest purchase is that's available at walmart instead of these.
short lived quality.it was heaven!!  for 2 mos., we had tasty fresh brewed coffee with frothed milk at our finger tips.  we were spoiled.  but now, 4 mos into the $200.00 plus coffeemaker, it is leaking all over the counter if we try to use the "auto" feature.  and worse, the threads on the steam nozzle have eroded and the froth feature can only be used if we literally hold the apparatus together with our fingers!  otherwise the pressure blows the nozzle  with a burst of steam, down into the cup below.  it is a complete disappointment.  i have contacted capresso and asked for a replacement nozzle.  instead they want me to send the entire coffee maker (leaving me with nothing).  very unsatisfactory and for the money, not worth it.  i could have spent the $200 on a more reliable machine and frankly, won't buy this brand again
junk.i used these for about a month and ended up never pulling them out of the drawer again. stickyest non-stick item i have ever used. even when sprayed with pam the eggs stick. if the eggs are well scrambled they leak out from under the ring. the one thing correct in the description is that they are easy to take apart. so easy that if you try to use the handle to pick up all four at once it falls apart and drops them all
waste of money.i've used these three times and have given up. the eggs leak and spread out around the rings, and then you have a real mess on your hands with these rings embedded in your eggs, and the eggs sticking on both the inside and the outside of the rings..non-stick!!! the joke is on you if you buy them
don't bother.these are absolutely the worst. eggs stick to them and coating is so thin that you can peel it with your fingernail.
won't last long!.we love egg muffins for breakfast. those ring will help me make eggs for egg muffins..this set contains 4 rings, 1 plastic handle, 1 center holder..when i cook 2 eggs, i only used 2 rings in a smaller skillet..when i cook more than 2 eggs, i use whole set in a large skiilet..before cooking with the rings, grease the inside of the rings with butter or cooking oil! then, after using the rings, i wash it with soft clothes, just like washing all my non-stick pots and pans. here are the records of my using those rings:.the 1st time i used it(the day i received it): working great! egg/pancake won't stick to it at all. the 2nd time i used it (after 2 weeks): working good! eggs are still easy to get off the rings. some noticeable stick happened on the edge of the ring. however, there is some paint peal off on the center holder, even though i have never scrub that thing!.the 3rd time i used it (after 6 weeks): working ok! eggs stick to the rings and i have to push them off the rings by using utensil..the 4th time i used it (after 2 months): working but not great! eggs leak from bottom of the rings, and stick all over.... my eggs are in bad shapes!!.i paid $7.99 for it, and was hoping this thing works great as other reviewer experienced..frankly speaking, i won't recommend it to any one unless you are desperately want one! i realized a regular flat shape egg for my egg muffin can be tolerated compared to the frustration of using those rings
beautiful but dangerous: buy for display use only.the fiestaware scarlet mugs are beautiful but dangerous.  the handle is much too small for this size mug.  if you can get your finger through the small hole, your finger will soon be as scarlet as the fiestaware.  the first and only time my family used these mugs, two of us burned ourselves.  ..fiestaware really screwed up on this one, a shame given the beauty of the scarlet fiestaware
does not compare :(.for christmas i asked for a santoku knife and i got two.  the first i received and used was this kitchenaid santoku. while i used it, i questioned whether i was using it right as it seemd so unstable, i felt it was almost dangerous.  surely i was using it wrong, so i researched what i should be using it for.  i confirmed that, yes, i should be able to easily chop an onion with it. huh....this didn't match what i was experiencing.  sooo...i tried my next santoku, a furi coppertail 7"...and it was worlds apart in performance.  slid through the veggies like buttah.  no comparison!  granted the furi is quite a bit more in cost, but trust me, if i had to buy one or the other...the furi was worth every cent.  i never plan on using the kitchenaid again.  what a disappointment.
it sucks;.i got this as a gift, but i had to throw this away just in 2months. i like to keep my duplex house very clean and i have a todller who is one and half year old. so i vacuum at least every other day. but it doesn't suck very well specially on floor. i spilt some grain on carpet today but the vaccum doesn't suck the grain cleanly while my todller wait for my cleaning done. it really is disappointing, i smelled some burns inside the machine so i felt to garbage is safe than to struggle to use for nothin
good but with problems.this vacuum works very well at picking up dirt and being lightweight and convenient. and it is especially handy for those that like disposable items. because this is a disposable vacuum cleaner. use it for a while and the wheels will start to fall off. so much so that my wife is about to pull her hair out. the wheels are plastic on plastic contraptions and soon as a little dust or dirt gets in their they start wearing away rapidly till they fall off. if it wasnt for the wheel problem this would be in my opinion at least a 4 star vacuum. but then we have had it about a year and thats probably the reason they only carry a one year warranty
i do not like being lied to!.i purchased this product in a retail store. the packaging clearly states it is dishwasher safe. then after you unpack it, and read that if you put it in the dishwasher you void the ten year warranty! do not make the same mistake i did, avoid this product
i got the wrong size top sheet!.i ordered these sheets based on their price.  when i went to put them on the bed (after washing them) i found that the bottom sheet fit my king-size mattress well, but the top sheet only covered the top of the mattress.  there was absolutely no fabric left to hang down over the sides as one would expect to have. the sheets have tags in them, but no size indicated, so i can't tell what the top sheet is supposed to fit.  i just know it doesn't fit my bed. i'm disappointed, but not with the quality of the fabric--it seems fine for the price.
who wants to drink coffee grounds??.i use a french press for fresh coffee while camping.  i had been using a glass bodum french press, which worked great but it was only a 3 cup press and i was afraid it would break eventually... so i was looking for something bigger and more heavy duty.  so, i bought the thermos, which is not all i thought it would be.  it says a quart, but it's only maybe 3-4 cups of coffee... and for my big camping mugs, it's hardly 3 cups.  also, the filter does not work properly and there are many grounds in every cup... yuk!  so, memorial day weekend when i went to pour coffee for my and my buddies, we were very disappointed in my new press... sure it keeps it hot longer, but we were planning on drinking the coffee... and it's not as big as we thought it was... size does matter in the morning when you want your coffee... and when you have to pour out 1/3 of the coffee because of grounds... well, we aren't impressed!
hot?  i think not!.i bought this press strictly because i needed the capability of keeping the coffee hot for 2 to 3 hours.  following the directions to the letter, i still cannot get the thermos to seal completely; and i can pour coffee no matter where the "tear drop" is positioned.  i'm very disappointed
don't bother.my hinges also rusted on the first washing.  they look awful.  it was a waste of money and time b/c now i have to find a better set
not what i expected of kaiser.i looked forward to receiving these, since kaiser's such an established name in bakeware. the hinges rusted on the first washing! otherwise, they are more flimsy than i thought they would be. i purchased another springform pan in the la forme line and would definitely stick with that one. it's worth paying a few more dollars to get a heavy duty pan
wonderful, until the handle cracked.i purchased this wok for my husband's christmas present.  it was lovely, we cooked two meals in it christmas day.  nice heat transfer, beautiful on the table (but big).  that night, he noticed the handle was cracked where it meets the pan.  it's considerably narrower than the normal le creuset handle.  back it went to williams sonoma, where there were a few other l.c. woks with similar cracks!  phooey to you, le creuset...i wish i could find another glass lidded joyce chen wok - my old one was the best, before it was dropped one too many times
spit, splatter, refill. spit, splatter, refill...etc., etc..tsk, tsk, tsk black and decker - maybe you should stick to your basic manly tools and not lead us consumers to believe that you can master a simple (in theory) concept of a steamer. this product is a joke. it drips, spits, splatters - then after maybe one or two hard-earned puffs of steam (if your thumb hasn't broken from pushing the button over and over...and over again - and it's hard to push), it needs to be refilled...again...and again...and again. in general, i have yet to find a steamer that actually works well no matter what the cost - and unfortunately a better one is too big to store. so i'm sticking to using my trusty iron upright - it's basically what this piece of junk was meant to be anyway. it might be good for knocking burglars on the head, but i think the trash can is better place for it.
it's only a toy steamer - just like the pump spray on your steam iron.this is one of the most poorly designed items i've ever purchased. i'm not talking about poor quality manufacturing, i mean it's a really dumb idea. shame on you black and decker. i have an old hand-held sunbeam steamer that supplies continuous steam, which is what you need to remove wrinkles quickly and easily. to get steam from the black  decker gs110 steam 'n go, you have to pump a button with your thumb that shoots out a burst of steam, very much like the pump button for extra steam on most steam irons. unbelievable. all they've done essentially is take an iron and remove the heavy metal bottom and seal the water tank, so you can hold it in any position without spilling water. even if you're very careful to not pump the button too quickly or too frequently, it still spits water on the garment pretty regularly. a steam iron can put out a continuous supply of steam while you have it on the garment, that's a requirement. this so-called steamer can't do that. you can't pump it often enough to get a steady supply of enough steam for even a shirt or it will spit water all over it. i'm guessing that anyone that thinks this is a good steamer, or even an adequate steamer, has never used a decent one. do yourself a big favor and stay far away from this poorly designed, ridiculous toy steamer. what were the folks at black and decker thinking?
handy product but ultimately junk.i have had 2 of these things, both of which quit functioning after a realtively short period of time.  when they worked they were great.  but replacing them every few months (weeks) is out of the question.
terrible.i used this thing once and it broke.  i took it outside in the shade to test it and it said it was 130 degrees!!!  save your money.  i wish i could sue this company for producing such a terrible product.  if i could give it negative stars, i would
did not work from the start.after assembly, the vacum did not operate.did not charge.does not unassemble so cannot be put into box to return.a $60 waste of mone
not worth it..i bought this an was very excited to eliminate the dustbuster and swiffer to go with one cleaning tool.  but it did not work well and i lost the adapter to charge it after about a month.  can't find an adapter to replace it and i don't want to pay a lot for a new one.  so this purchase was basically useless for me
littermaid recepticles.very thin plastic, flimsy if allowed to get too full. lids don't fit very well either. these containers are a bit pricey too. i think i would prefer a heavier reusable container
not as sturdy as the older ones.it appears that they have changed the way these are made. ..when i first got my littermaid (which is a wonderful product!) i got replacement liners. they were all white and plastic. there were quite sturdy and i would replace them monthly (i would give them a quick rinse if needed). so doing that, the cost of the liners were well worth it...however, these replacement liners are terrible! they are a clear, flimsy plastic that rips/tears very easily. i have found that they tear away from the litterbox holder (where you push the liner underneath so it catches in the holder) and litter gets spilled underneath the litterbox. ..i am going to try the suggestions of the other reviewers and line them with the plastic bags. hopefully that will get me back to multiple uses, because the price is way to high for the quality of the product
lower quality than authentic receptacles!.i have owned littermaid products for many years.  the last time i purchased receptacles, i bought this 18 pack.  when they arrived in a plain brown box with no actual littermaid box, i should immediately have suspected they were not from littermaid and were nowhere near the quality.  these receptacles are not littermaid-quality receptacles.  i normally buy the 12-packs from drs. foster and smith (online and catalog) or petsmart, but i liked the idea of the 18 pack, since i now have three cats (lots more waste, since they like to "compete" in the litterbox).  trust me, if you want to reuse your receptacles or not have to struggle to change them when they are a bit on the full side, buy littermaid brand receptacles and not a cheaper but much lower quality knockoff.  i am switching back, because i much prefer quality over quantity
elliott ace hardware.they sent me a new one but been 3 days now and haven't heard from them since i've gotten it. but it doesn't even work and see they have taken their name off the list of sellers for this item. hoping they contact me soon to send me a return shipping label and get one that works
not my favorite appliance.i was given this sandwich press as a gift.  honestly, i feel it is just another specialty appliance to take up storage in my kitchen.  if i could open it up all the way so that i get more surface area than my skillet - and have it double as a griddle, that would make it more worth having for me.  but other than toasting/pressing a sandwich, i would use my skillet for any of the other uses it suggests because i can adjust the temperature on my range. i wish the sandwich press temperature was adjustable..    the lid adjusting to different sandwich thicknesses is nice.   although i do have trouble with sandwiches with anything slippery inside, like a slice of avacado or cream cheese, because the sandwich tends to slide apart under the weight of the lid and make a mess.  my husband wishes it had ridges so we could get the grill mark affect without firing up the grill.  .  it is attractive and does seem well made.  the power cord wraps up neatly, the inside is easy to clean.  i can see where this would be a cool gift for someone who has a huge kitchen and loves lots of different one-task gadgets.  but for me, its not something i would buy, even at the cheaper amazon price, because it is not really practical or very useful to me on a daily basis
rusted solid.this was a great can opener...until it rusted. the gears ceased turning. but i liked it enough to replace it with the stainless version
disappointting.i thought that this item would have helped my wife with her daily chores but to my great surprise this item only opened one can and failed to start. after trying two new set of batteries i have decide that it was money badly spent. the idea of the opener was good but this particular product has no durability
looks great but rusts fast!.on the first day of use, we managed to get rust spots on a couple of the knives. on the first day! it was a wedding present so i couldn't return it. it was a huge disappointment because they really did look nice in the box. ..oh and they cut fine
bad buy.these knives are garbage.  each knife is serrated so it cuts everything like a loaf a bread.  i'm surprised henckels puts it's name on this set.  spend a few more dollars and buy a respectable set.
look great but cut poorly.nice looking set. i've never owned a set of knives that cut as poorly as these (at any price). the knives tear food and do not make a clean cut
warped during first use.i would not buy this pan again. it came out of the box scrached and it warped during the first use. i never had any problems with other kaiser pans before but this one isn't worth the money.
this is not a real tasting spoon..a real tasting spoon has a grove between the 2 ends. you scope up the liquid in one end, let it flow down the grove to the other end where you taste it. this way you can taste the liquid multiple times with one spoon and not get your germs in the liquid
nice looking but not at all durable.we loved the look of these plates and bought just about the entire set..we have lost all our bowls, serving dishes, and a fair amount of the plates. many of them lost in the dishwasher, some just by chipping, and the rest in the microwave. ..we are very  unhappy with these plates and are afraid to invest in another mistake. we are trying to see if all ceramic plates are this bad, or just the sango...i wouldn't recommend buyiny these if you can avoid i
do not microwave with these!.just as others have reported... a minute into microwaving these dishes, bang! plate in two pieces and it has happened more than once. they also do chip easliy and not worth even the modest price they charge for them
has no insulation.i was disappointed in this item because it has no insulation.  for me the greater need is to keep a bottle cool thruout the meal.   this will do that ok, but then don't expect it to cool down that second bottle you had not planned on drinking.  i'm planning to keep my eye out for one of those foam covers people use on beer bottles, but in a size big enough for wine bottles
not as advertised.i bought this product to replace one that had broken that i really liked. i had to return this product three times because it does not (as it says in the description) come with the perfect pour carafe which is what i wanted since the standard carafe drips everywhere. on the third time of returning it, i asked why they kept sending me the wrong carafe and they said that the perfect pour was discontinued in this size. i then mentioned to amazon that they might want to remove that part of the description, but they have not
faulty carafe.the carafe design on this coffeemaker is not very good.  no matter how careful or how i adjust my grip, water/coffee leaks from the top and down the side.  i have to place a towel under it to prevent a puddle on my counter
a bad buy.after 6 months of use, the led switch popped out of the coffeemaker's base, which turned the wired plug into an on/off device. i found that black  decker no longer services these products and the firm that does doesn't respond to e-mail
avoid this one.my mother-in-law bought this to make coffee for visitors. it worked fine at first but, after one or two months of use, started to experience water leaks of increasing severity. at first there were drips outside of the carafe. then the leaks streamed around the carafe and out of body joints. we put the whole machine on a metal tray--to make clean-up easier. finally it got so bad that, fearing an encounter with boiling hot water and/or the risk of an electrical shock, we stopped using it...in the end, i was able to make coffee by removing the filter basket (it's a circular one-piece with a tiny hole in the middle) from the machine and placing the basket carefully on top of an empty mug. i then inserted a filter, coffee, and poured in hot water from a stove-top kettle. while this sounds ridiculous, it's a lot easier and less stressful than facing unpredictable streams of boiling water and the rancid smells of coffee residue trapped in the seams of the machine. ..my recommendation: avoid this machine. it's disturbing that black and decker would produce a product so dangerous and lacking in quality
started strong, now dripping.when i first bought this 5-cup coffee maker, i was so thrilled i purchased 2 more as gifts.  it's just 6 months later, and all 3 of us are experiencing hot water and some coffee liquid falling outside the carafe.  i'm disappointed in this brand, which i trusted.  looking more closely inside, the poor design which houses the filter holder is the issue.  i won't be buying another bd again
suck.i brought three sets of these sheets and i must agree with everyone else that after i washed them they were no good. i now use them to clean my car and mirrors. there were only good reviews when i ordered. i will never order sheets from here again. what a waste of money
cheap garbage!.do not buy these! they are cheaply made and ill-fitting. i don't know what kind of bed they would fit. i bought the the twin size, and the fitten sheet is not even close -- too wide on the narrow end, and too short on the long side! the flat sheet and pillow case won't even fold squarely. what a waste of money! shame on you, amazon. listen to your customers' feedback ... like i should have done
the worst experience i have with amazon.it shrank so bad.i just use for one day, kids mess it up so i have to wash it next day (with cold water), then that's it,can't use it anymore. it shrank so bad!!! i think we all need refund for this.please don't sell this produce anymore
pretty mint colour .......the colour is pretty but the sheets shrink quite a lot after washing (in cold water).  i bought a queen set for a full bed and they still don't fit properly after careful washing . i would recommend buying a king set for a full bed. this was my first experience with cotton jersey sheets so i didn't know what to expect but i wouldn't buy them again
jersey knit sheet set.these sheets are horrible, the weight is extremely light.  they were supposed to be queen size, but did not fit my bed.  additionally, when i tried to put them on my bed, i poked a hole through the fitted sheet with my finger.  they'll be used for dusting perhaps
don't buy this item.we used it 3 times and it no longer works. smells like the motor is burning. brush and height adjustment don't work. heavy to use
just a warning.i received my vacuum a little over a month ago and it immeadiately had what we suspected to be a problem - the carpet brush would not run on our average length carpet (even on the highest setting) while holding it at a comfortable angle.  you had to lean over to get the angle correct so that the brush could spin while vacuuming, otherwise there was a burning odor.  the vacuum did very well at cleaning our carpet, it was just a back breaking effort to do so and i'm young and in good shape.  ..we finally called the eureka helpline and they gave us a few locations of repair shops.  i just got back and decided to write a review of the troubling comments the man at the store had.  he said this vacuum is the most problematic vacuum in the country and that even though eureka will cover most of the common repairs he's seen, sometimes it can take 4-6 weeks for them to do so.  luckily for us, it was just a belt problem so it was a 10 minute fix and cost us just $2 for the labor.  the rest will be covered by warantee.  he said that he'll probably be getting to know us really well.  ..after a quick test, it still seems like while the problem is lessened a little, the angle is still not the most comfortable...i was happy to find such a highly rated vacuum on amazon and thought that i was getting a great deal, but i am disappointed.  i just wanted to spread the warning from the very friendly vacuum repair man.  good luck with yours
thumbs down to consumer reports ratings.broken brush roller after 1st use. eureka service was poor at best. waited 4 weeks for eureka to replace it. never received a replacment. finaly i called amazon. the only bright spot was amazon had no problem with giving me a refund
spray broke after 6 uses.the first time i used this machine i thought it was ok.  it did spread the dirt and so instead of cleaning up just the spot, i ended up doing the whole area..  small, easy to carry.  be careful when you put it back together after cleaning--if it doesn't work, you might have the gasket on backwards.  on the fifth or sixth time, the spray nozzle quit working.  haven't been able to repair it.  ..i wouldn't buy it again. . .for the money i'd spend more and buy a full size machine or rent one.  for spot cleaning, i use one of the spray and pat dry cleaners (nature's miracle since i'm usuallly am dealing with pet stains).
broke within first month.we have had this machine 2 years and put up with the broken head that cracked after the first month.  then about 2 months ago, it stopped spraying.  i guess they only make it last for the first year.  i called bissell's customer service and they said there was nothing they could do for me.  wouldn't offer a discount on a new unit.  don't bother investing in this machine if you want something that lasts
didn't work for us.after a few uses, the spray function stopped unless i removed the scrub brush and the extraction capability was really lousy unless i really leaned on it.
clogged up!!.when i first bought the little green proheat, i loved it.  i have an older, often incontinent dog and thought the little green proheat was the best thing since sliced bread -- small, easy to carry, easy to use, easy to clean, great suction.  then after about 3 months, it stopped spraying.  at first i thought it was just the nozzle so i cleanned it out, but still no spray.  i see another reviewer found a problem with the heating element clogging so i will open it up and try to remove the heating element.  if i bought a new one i would get the one without the heating element. i have the big bissel upright carpet steamer without the heating element and love it.
not worth the money!.i bought this hoping to use it for spot cleaning and areas stained from high traffic.  i wasn't impressed with the brush use or with the suction capabilities.  the biggest problem came only after a few uses, when the suction failed altogether.  the problem (after my husband took everything apart) was the heater element itself.  all the water has to go through it and it had gotten clogged with calcium deposits from the water (or cleaner fluid - that came with the product).  it worked briefly after getting cleaned out, but that was a royal pain to do!  it clogged up again after 1 or 2 uses and finally, after taking the heating element out altogether - it works ok.  it mainly just takes up room in my hall closet, because i never use it!
reasonably sharp but poor workmanship.the knives are reasonably sharp and do their job.  however, the construction is disappointly poor.  there are large gaps in between the plastic of the handle and the metal bolster.  the finish of the handle and blade is also poor.  understandably, this isn't the most expensive set of knives out there, but i wish they would have spent a few more dollars not making them look like such cheap knives
you get what you pay for.i owned some chicago cutley pieces and honestly, they were quite flimsy. i am better off using just one high quality wustof knife versus a whole set of chicago cutlery.  all you need is one very high quality knife that stays sharp.  having a whole set of knifes that are flimsy and dull doesn't *cut it*
works great while it works.this product does an excellent job of chopping everything from nuts to cheese.  but, after only a year and a half of light use, it quit working. the blades still spin, but it no longer is capable of chopping anything. so, unless you are fascinated by spinning blades, it is useless.  not a good life cycle for an appliance
push button on this machine is not reliable.i was very excited to have this little chopper in my kitchen and it worked great for about 3 months until the button which starts the chopper stopped working.  kitchenaid replaced the chopper for me with no trouble at all but, 8 months later, the button on my replacement chopper has also stopped working.  i have only used the chopper a handful of times and when it works, it's great!  unfortunately, it doesn't always work.  i am going to try to return this one and buy another brand
cheap, thin, made in china, glass.don't waste your $$, or think this is a good deal even if they are free.  the glass is the thinnest i've ever seen in wine glasses, even when compare to cheap grocery or big box store varieties.  the glass is so cheap, it is doubtful they will last a week.  try something else.  not sure where the other reviewer comes up with 5 stars.  i'd rate is a 0 if that were an option.
cracked in half at 450f....i loved this dish, and have been using it for three months now. as with all lc cookware, one becomes accustomed to the fact that they are extremely reliable, so i am kind of at a loss now. .i haven't gone above 400f with this dish so far, but tonight a recipe instructed 450f. the description on its packaging allows up to 500f, so i wasn't even second guessing..then, 5 mins later a snapping sound from the oven, and, voila, it was cracked in half with surgical precision, along the shorter axis. now i have two small pans, each with its own handle..with this exact piece it's not about the price exactly, and it _was_ great till it lasted. .i'm just a little bewildered about the quality and not so assured and relaxed about lc stoneware and their proclaimed heat resistance anymore. better stay below 400f, esp with the more costly pieces
this pan is actually 20" long!.looks like a decent pan, has a nice heavy weight.  but my oven door won't close with this cookie sheet inside, so back it goes.  measure your oven's depth before you order.  (notice that the amazon description says "the cookie sheet measures 11 by 17 inches"; this is incorrect.)..also: watch out for the glue used to stick the label to the pan.  if that glue touches anything else, you might spend a lot of time trying to remove it..
corelle is great, of course, but the shipping is the worst.i attempted to get 3 sets of these dishes. five sets later i still only have two sets because they kept arriving completely broken. the manufacturer packages the sets in boxes to be put out on shelves, not to be put into a larger box and thrown in the mail. ridiculous waste of dishes and my time b/c amazon made me go to the post office to return them! return shipping was free, but still
waste of money.it is made of very thin metal which got wrapped during regular cooking
there is something better out there.i received the breadman pro tf-900s as a gift.  after 10 years using a bread machine, it was nice to get a new updated one.  i used this one 3 times...some negatives:  .1)  it is loud..2)  it is difficult to tell if the bread pan is properly placed in the machine.  it won't mix until you have it in just right and there is no clear way of knowing until it gets going.  in 2 out of the first 3 times i tried this machine, i thought it was properly placed and it wasn't.  one time, i saw that it was turning properly, then i actually saw it pop out of place.  the result was wasted ingredients both times.  .3)  some of the dough sticks to the sides.  the instruction book says this might happen and to take a soft spatula and push it down.  if i'm going to use a bread machine, i should not have to check to make sure the dough is all mixed...on the positive side:  .1)  i did get one good loaf of cinnamon raisin bread. i will say that the raisins were very well mixed throughout the bread and not clumped on the bottom.  .2)  the pan is easy to clean..3)  there are a lot of recipes to try in the instruction booklet...needless to say, the hassle of double checking the machine is not worth it to me.  it is now packed up and ready for return
doesn't work.i have owned other bread machines, but this is the worst one i have ever used.  it doesn't mix the dough right.  by the time it started baking the dough was not mixed enough.  the paddle had just pushed the ingredints to the sides and left a big hole in the middle.  i am taking this back to the store
functional, but they get knife marks.i bought these plates after i already had the rest of the matching dishes. i already knew that i was not pleased with them but had to complete my set of dishes and will have to tolerate them as long as they last. .they are really sturdy and go with everything but they get the 'knife-marks' - grey scratch marks from utensils scraping them. i imagine that there are white dishes out there somewhere that are not subject to this flaw, and if there are i hope to find them, but these are not them
do not buy this!!.just as everyone else below mentioned amazon ripped us off!  today i had 3 giant boxes on my door step only to find that two of the boxes contained one single plate each and the other box had two bowls and two small plates.  that is pretty expensive for the $100+ i spent for 2 plates, 2 bowls, 2 salad plates.  trying to resolve the problem.  first time i have been taken by amazon, i thought they were above this..
you can have mine!.this is the most disappointing coffeemaker i have ever owned! first off, i like my coffee a bit stronger, and it can barely accomodate the extra grounds.second,it spits and sprews and steams like it's working for all it's worth. third, the coffee never tastes good. it always has a bitter quality to it. the water runs in too fast i think. i called hamilton beach because all it did was steam one month after i bought it. they sent me a chemical to run through it; said it was probably clogged. this btw was even after i ran the vinegar treatment through it 3 times in the first month. i have since retired this unit that cost me $45.00 new. i am using a little 4 cup black  decker that cost $12.00 and i am much happier. anyone want my hamilton beach? i'll sell it cheap
hot handle holder.these were to big for handles of the cast iron pan,,i wouldn't buy them unless you know they will fi
oh-so-cute, but not particularly useful..i first purchased these because i needed pot holders, so i was surprised when they arrived to see that they would only cover one finger at a time. (not the manufacturer's fault). having admitted that embarrassing piece of information,  i still don't find them useful.  unlike other reviewers, i dont' feel comfortable leaving the handle holder on while cooking (i have a gas oven)and trying to put them on after the skillet has been on the stove defeats the purpose...beyond that....i love the chili pepper design!  8-)
may be usefull for some..may shield heat a touch better than a kitchen glove. they are ok if you are going to use them on the cast iron handles for a few seconds at a time. anything longer than that and they will get hot and so will your hands. so, unlike what a previous reviewer said, you cannot leave them on while the pot is on the stove, unless you are not cooking long enough for the handles to get hot (and in that case why even buy them), or if you want to get burned. the choice is yours. hope this helps.
unless i got a defective package....i bought based on the 2 good reviews. but mine always made the water very dirty within a day...we went for 7 day vacation, we had two very healthy bettas - one of them died by the time we came back.....i am going to try something else next time
flimsy.the non-stick surface is fine, but the pan is no better than what you can find at the supermarket: flimsy, light and therefore prone to hot spots. for $49 i guess i can live with the thing, because one does not use a non-stick pan for any serious cooking. if i had paid $149 i would return it in a heartbeat
junk!.i love my wusthof knives so i was surprised when this board started splitting on me and has continued to since... what a disappointment.  stay away from this boar
glad it was free.i am on my second one of these, which i received free with the purchase of wusthof knives.  the first started to separate after only one week of use.  don't buy it
junk.this cutting board is a serious piece of junk.  lasted about a week before it broke in two pieces.  i can see it splitting in a couple other spots also.  bewar
not a chinois.this product is not a chinois, as the industry understands it.  it is a "china cap," or to use a more pc description "a cone strainer."  i would submit that any serious chef would gawk at the price because they would find [$$$] to be a great deal, and should shop with that in mind.  the point is that you could strain a stock through this thousands of times and end up with a cloudy, unsilken sauce.  ...  know your lingo, what you're willing to spend on what you want, and whether or not you really need it--pay the money for the real thing instead of a misnamed product.  ..
not a chinois, it's a china cap.great as a china cap, but awful as a chinois.  the holes are extremely big, and every little particle goes through.  not recommended for serious chefs or those who want to achieve the perfect sauc
not for the professional chef.i purchased this for a chef and the strainer is not fine enough.  there should be an choice of the strainer as far as fineness
avoid this one.only had this coffee maker ( second replacement) one year and it leaked from all over my counter. i asked for a replacement, crazy huh, and was told no my time had run out. well i am off on a hunt for a good coffee maker. this was not it !! do not waste your money
buyer beware!!! a big disappointment and a lot of anguish.made in england. so it says. what i received in the box today is not a churchill chealsea tea pot but some teapot made in malaysia. what is up with that? i suppose i have to go through the proper channels to get this straightened out. be prepared to spend a lot of time dealing with this matter. there is no savings at all, when one counts precious time and emotional upheaval. a really big disappointment. maybe this was an april fool's joke, not a pre-christmas present.
amazon sucks.i ordered on nov 9 and now they tell me after 3 emails that it may not be delivered until jan 14th or after .. thats not the original 3-7 days they had on the site when i ordered.. hell i could build a kiln and make my own china before it gets her
poor quality workmanship.this is the second set i have ordered the first was outstanding.  the second set was received with one of the pillowcases not sewn for about 3 inches on one seam.  i thought the workmanship and/or quality control left alot to be desired for such expensive linens.
do not buy.i read all the reviews and took a chance anyways and i really wish i hadn't.  after washing these sheets just a few times in warm (not hot) water they are pilling and scratching my skin.
very disappointing.i was really looking forward to a nice small set and with the name of chicago cutlery, i thought they would be of better quality. the handles are cheaply made and the blades have already spotted after the first use. i will not buy any chicago cutlery again
amazon still doesn't know how to ship them.judging by the picture on the box, these glasses are beautiful.  however, the large pile of shattered crystal i have received both times has been rather disappointing...amazon has sent these glasses to me twice, both times with the same result.  they simply place the lenox box within an amazon box.  the lenox box is packed well within the amazon box, but the glasses have no padding or dividers within the lenox box.  they smash each other to pieces during shipment.  i would love to have these glasses, but i have yet to receive even one intact...amazon has been very responsive and helpful with the returns.  my only complaint is with the method of shipping
the glasses are fine; amazon doesn't know how to ship them.3 of the 4 glasses arrived broken.  the ups delivery man was a bit humiliated to hand over a box containing obviously broken glass.  i should have listened to the other reviewers...the packing for these is all but non-existent.  i would say, "don't waste your time."  if they had arrived intact, they would be fine, although i think 6 oz. is pretty large for martini and martini-type drinks
inadequately packed for shipment.i echo others' experiences.  amazon needs to wrap the glasses individually inside the box before shipping. there wasn't even adequate wrapping in the outer box.  but the one glass (of four) that arrived unbroken was elegant and exactly what i wanted. the other three were smashed into many pieces
stopped working after just 2 uses.i bought this for its high power. but it stopped working after just 2 usage!! returning it to amazon. hope i won't have any issues with getting the refund..
don't waste your money, these are hit or miss at best.i love good italian wine, but try to limit myself to one glass a day for health reasons.  i purchased this gadget at a local wine store and assumed that meant it was useful.  that was a big mistake!  ..this gadget doesn't do anything including seal the wine in the bottle when stored on its side in the wine cellar. some of the time a bottle on its side won't leak, but it is just a likely to leak.  i tried buying another set of stoppers and having my husband seal them as well as myself.  no change made a difference.  sometime they work, and sometime they don't.  ..additionally, when you buy a nice brunello or a super tuscan do you really want to risk it become an expensive bottle of vinegar, i don't...i purchased the wine stoppers for my foodsaver and am much happier with those.  at least they don't leak.  although i do finish the bottle as quickly as possible just to sure
don't let your wife use it.this is the second vac-u-vin i have purchased - the last one at a winery in california. the first one worked great for a couple of months then one day, my wife was using it and it froze up. you couldn't pull it or push it - like it had gasket slip loose inside or something. you can't take them apart to see so we just bought a new one thinking it was defective. this one lasted less than 2 weeks. worked great, the wife tried it one day and poof, it wouldnt push or pull. i won't be buying them again (at least not with this wife).
not for induction cooktops.very disappointed that all clad decided to use non-magnetic stainless steel on this grill pan, which will not heat on an induction cooktop.
these scissors are pathetic.ok -- i bought these because of the amazing reviews these were getting.  boy, am i disappointed.  these didn't just break... they actually fell apart in my wife's hands.  my wife wasn't doing anything particularly interesting with them when they fell apart.  i don't think this would be so disappointing if they didn't fall apart within the first day of getting these.  get some fiskars
do not buy this!!!!.this product is worthless. advertised as a good product for "blending up smoothies" ... this only works if you don't use frozen berries. who can afford to keep fresh berries on hand all the time?  we didn't know what was happening when we went through the first blender and had to get the blender piece replaced because the plastic disc behind the blade came loose and wouldn't even hold after my husband super-glued it, rendering the product unusable.  the replacement part did exactly the same thing.  we're now on our 3rd blender and have been advised by kitchenaid not to blend anything frozen.  this makes the product entirely useless to us. if you're blending mashed potatoes i suppose this is the product for you.
junk..the unit broke the 3rd time i used it. the 3 times it did work it just was not power full or easy to use. the button is hard to push and the cord is to short... you can do much better then this thing
cruelty to fish.i am not worried about the fish getting too hot by the light or the bowl breaking.     what concerns me is the room.    it is a fallacy that they are happy in tiny spaces.    if you look a rice paddy in the dry season it may be very narrow but it is miles long!    i have actually seen pictures of this.    sometimes they end up in a puddle, yes, but that is not the best time in their lives, its the worst!   why put any pet in an environment that is typical of a bad time in its life?     our job as pet owners is to recreate the best time in our pets' lives.      please, please get them at least a ten gallon tank.     at the very minimum get them five gallons to swim in.     you will be surprised at how much happier your supposedly already happy fish is
did not get.i ordered this item 5 months ago was told by amazon that i would get this item and it was avaliable and then after 5 months they tell me that they cant get it and it is still avaliable on there web site as far as im concerned amazon is not worth shopping if they cant hold there promises and say it is avaliable please take this very seriously when ordering from amazon thank
don't bother with this, buy a real wheat grinder.....this attachment reveals a design flaw in the kitchenaid mixer design.  inside every kitchenaid mixer you have a transmission/gearbox that drive both the mixer and the accessory drive shaft. this gearbox has a plastic cover that holds all the gears in place...the grain mill attachment places the *most* stress on your kitchenaid, more than any other attachment you can buy. what happens is when you're grinding wheat, it heats up that gearbox and the plastic cover starts to flex, and if you run it more than 10 minutes it'll heat up enough to break the plastic...i bought this attachement for my wife for christmas 2004.  it broke the transmission and stripped the gears on the mixer in january.  we removed the cover and saw the cracked plastic.  kitchenaid promptly sent a replacement mixer even though ours was "out of warranty".  this tells me that they know about their design flaw...we got our shiny new kitchenaid mixer the next week. my wife took it out of the box, attached the grain mill and started it grinding flour.  within 10 minutes the plastic cover failed on the new one.  kitchenaid sent out a new one, again.  we're now on our third mixer and we're looking to get a refund from kitchenaid for the grain mill so we can go out and buy a real wheat grinder...it's really sad.  all kitchenaid needs to do is put a metal gearbox cover on the transmission and you could grind wheat into flour non-stop.  i can't believe that they're willing to stake their good name on a plastic part
i want to see the shapes of all the setting!!!!.i am in the market for onedia flatware, which i can use for everyday use, but not plain, ugly, but with a character, which we saw at foley's. i would like to see the shape of not only the fork and knife, but also the spoons and salad forks, as well! i have several older oneida pieces, which have beauty, grace and also have a lovely shape to the spoons, but which are not overly large or rounded, and fit easily into the mouth, as they are not huge, but rather, are tapered towards the end of the spoons with the soup spoons which are more rounded. this may seem silly to some, but many people do have problems, with tmj,arthritis, plus a lot of other conditions, which make it more difficult to use the very large, rounded spoons, which are very uncomfortable to one who has had three tmj surgeries as i have. i know this is not important to everyone, but i think it is a good thing to have lovely everday flat ware, simply because it is used everyday!please consider showing the entire five pieces, so we can not only see what the dinner fork and  knife, look, but the rest of the place setting, also inlcuding the spoons and the tines on the salad fork. i imagine, i am not the only person who would appreciate this. less expensive does not necessarily mean we want ugly, but simply cannot afford or do not like "clunky" looking table ware and still consider the look of beauty in our everyday table setting. if we are going to buy from online, please consider this for a lot of people, which i am sure are mostly women, who want something afforable, but also which does not look cheap! i have found, i am able to buy for less and do not have to sacrifice the look i want, just because it is not a 100.00 for a five piece setting! just a suggestion, which would be appreciated very much by me and i think by others, who perhaps have a condition which lends itself to the shape of flatware, but just never say anything about it and make do, with what they can afford! thank you for the consideration, anyway. janis from texas
disappointing.i bought this egg cooker for two reasons:..1.) i wanted to be able to prepare eggs without having to do a lot of cleanup...2.) i wanted my eggs cooked *just right*, as i can already cook them decently well, but can't always get them to come out perfectly...the salton egg cooker has, so far, not satisfied either of these goals. whenever i try to make omelettes or soft boiled eggs with it, part of the egg ends up over-cooked and part of it ends up under-cooked. perhaps it doesn't spread heat evenly over the egg?..regardless, i am disappointed. i used to make soft-boiled eggs with an old-fashion pot of water, a stove, and a timer, and it worked just fine for the most part. with the egg cooker, it combines all three into one device, except it doesn't get the eggs quite right and i need to clean the various, different components of the egg cooker afterward -- with the pot of water, i could just dump the water and dry the pot on a rack...clearly other people have had better experiences than myself, but overall, i do not recommend this product. don't misunderstand me: it can make decent eggs. it's just that i already can make decent eggs with less work! (note that i cannot comment on how well it can make poached eggs -- i am not fan of poached eggs. i've just used it to make omelettes and soft-boiled eggs)
great for drinks.... that's about it.not a happy camper right now.... i just finished whipping a batch of body butter - by hand - with my gizmo-with-the-dead-battery.  i'd like to meet the rocket scientist who designed the gizmo to not work while plugged in.  major design flaw!  i purchased this thing with the intention of using it for soap making.  it doesn't have the oompf to handle body butter, i'm not even trying it on a batch of soap.  i have been unsuccessful beating eggs with it - the yolks dance around the beater until finally i smash them with a fork.  the one beater design flings liquids over the sides of bowls so be sure to use extra-deep bowls.  does a grrreat job mixing drinks.  just make sure the glass is tall enough to contain the liquid and don't add anything too thick.  highly recommend this for traveling protein shake junkies.  otherwise, it's fun to play with but doesn't stand up to real kitchen use
the bottom line.i bought it and now regret it. so, it hangs on my kitchen wall as a useless decoration and as a reminder to always research purchases before spending my hard-earned dollars on them. ..i found it to be an extremely poor performer for about every job in the kitchen. it's just not powerful enough - not even close. admittingly, it once successfully mixed an instant pesto sauce okay for me - but was that worth the effort and money? not at all. in the time it took to pull it off the wall, disconnect the charger, insert the attachment, use it, clean it, replace it on the wall, and plug it back in, i could have just stirred the dang sauce with a spoon sitting right next to the pan! it would have done just as well and without the fuss. so, don't be pushed into buying this item because you envision using it for light jobs - it's not worth the effort. and don't even think about using it for anything more substantial because it simply won't work. ..my after-purchase reading on this appliance revealed lots of other dissatisfied customers, and the positive remarks i read are questionable. for example, someone here wrote a review of praise from her impression of a 1985 version of this product before she bought the new current version. it's not the same mixer and it's not even the same company! black  decker sold this product to another company back in '98. the mixer carries the black  decker label only because they sold the rights to their name as well. another person said it mixes protein drinks well. i also am a fitness person and mix such drinks at least twice a day, and i found that it cannot mix them well at all - unless you enjoy "clods" of unmixed powder in your drink...the bottom line is this mixer is a trendy over-glamourized gadget. the name hauntingly reveals its true nature, "gizmo". it's just a useless gizmo-gadget. sure, it mixes watery solutions (as well as a spoon would). but the performance of a mixer must be graded on something a bit more substantial than mixing light sauces or watery soups. people, this thing is just not worth the price and effort. don't be over-sold on this contraption based on your desire for convenience. think performance instead... and it fails miserably in that area.
looks better than it is.my husband purchased me this gizmo last year for christmas, and i was so excited to finally get out of lugging the other mixer in and out of cabinets because of our small military housing. it was definately perfect to hang on the wall for convience, but the mixing abilities are not up to speed (literally). it is good for an egg or soup, but not your every day mixing of mixes,corn bread or even pudding. everything just stays in clumps and i have to drag out the old one any ways. i also seem to splatter my entire wall with what ever i am mixing, and when i use a standard mixer with 2 beaters i have not had that problem. and as for the charge, i originally had to keep it charging at all times for it to last during an entire mix. now it's a year later and even though i never unplug it, it runs down before i ever get my eggs mixed
smoothie smoke maker.we thought we would give the smoothie elite another chance after our previous model broke when the pitcher fell on the floor.  making smoothies is great so long as you do not use alot of ice.  one you add a full pitcher of ice it becomes a smoke machine and the rubber/plastic gear shread and make smoke.  now after 3 pitchers of margaritas we said adios to smoothies elite since the gears are gone!!!  i think we should all file a class action suit for this junk machine.
short life smoothie maker.i've had two of these machines and only used each 8 to 10 times before one or more things broke.  they are made almost entirely of plastic, so they really can't handle much.  these are the problems i had with one or both of my machines: spout lever snapped off, vibrations of machine cause the bottom to unscrew during blending and spill contents everywhere, bottom propeller and blade stripped, motor died, poor gasket seal...there are two things i like about this machine: the spout that keeps unblended pieces of fruit and ice from going into your cup and instead keeps them near the blade to be reblended, and the stir stick that helps you blend the contents quickly and with fewer blade jams.  but bottom line is that this machine simply does not have the power or durability to handle ice and frozen fruits.  ..maybe it should be called the malt maker elite
interesting concept, poor engineering.the idea of having a blender capable of crushing ice to make great smoothies is apparently appealing to many people.  however, the best thing about this machine is the stick that it comes with to move the ice and other contents around to aid in the blending.  that is about it.  the spout for pouring the contents, while theoretically sounds good, is painful to clean. i would rather have a lip in the container and a handle on a side to make it easy to pour the contents out.  and like what soooooo many other people said, this thing breaks easily.  the cogs in the blade component strip and the thing just starts to leak everywhere.
smoothie-making's not for wimps..the goal may be a "smoothie," but the means requires a rough and tumble machine capable of pulverizing and liquefying hard ice.  after going through several blenders, i was given this back-to-basics "dedicated" smoothie-maker as a gift.  not only did it appear to be flimsy but it's proven in less than two months to be woefully inadequate to the task.  granted, i failed to follow all of the precautions (pour in liquid before adding ice, use the stirring stick to keep the ice from jamming the blades) but, trust me, this item isn't made for going the distance.  the rubber gear teeth that engage the blade began to strip during the first week and by the 8th were completely defanged.  in some respects, i'm relieved to put the machine out of its misery.  it was both slow and messy (of what practical value is a plastic spigot?  a decorative device requiring extra cleaning)...the best machine i've found is a black  decker touchpad model (my breaking the jar wasn't the blender's fault).  unfortunately, this model was taken off the market due to some consumer complaints about the blade, but i'm anxiously awaiting its reincarnation
sheet set with 4 holes!!.got the sheet set today and washed it.  i found four holes, at the size of around 1x1 mm each, on the flat sheet.  it was really ulgy because the holes were around the center line of the sheet.  i requested a return online just now
horrible.i purchased this item because i thought i would be getting a old-fashion, heavy-duty, useful iron.  but it has been the oppoiste.  this iron is too heavy, does not get hot enough to take out wrinkles.  also, this iron does not produce enough steam and leaks through the steam holes.  also, after 6 months of use the insides rusted and became unuseabl
motor is simply not strong enough for dough..i followed a few of the cookie recipes included in the cookie guide, but the cookie press was unable to get the dough out of the press, much less into a nice shape.  the first five or so come out okay, and then it just sounds like the motor is dying (my batteries were brand new so that's not it). maybe if you used this mainly for pastry filling it would work well, but not for the cookies you'll want to make for your family at christmas.  i only wish i read the reviews before buying the item in town. i never dreamed wilton would have such an inferior press
this cookie press needs to go back to the drawing board.i bought this same machine at target and had the same experience as everyone else that has submitted a review. i bought a wilton thinking they knew what they were doing as they are the baking experts. wrong. someone needs to get fired or go back to the drawing board over this particular machine. i bought mine before thanksgiving but just now opened it on thursday, december 22 to make cookies for the first and last time with it. i am now just waiting for the holiday shopping crowds to die down so i can return it. my mother was helping and she added more milk to soften the dough which didn't work. the cookies that did come out were mishapen and we had to piece them together. i had a hamilton beach battery operated cookie press that lasted 4 years using the same recipe the machine came with for spritz cookies and never had a problem with power..i am going to try to email wilton and see what they say..david bia
don't waste your time!!.this cookie press sucks, plain as that. i should have read all the reviews before buying this product, but i bought this in a store not at amazon. i was curious as to what the reviews would be about this product since i was having so much trouble and low and behold everyone has had the same problem. i thought it was something i was doing wrong i wasn't and neither are you if your here, the product just is not up to par. the only reason for a 1 star is that there are no 0'
frustrated.unfortunately, i didn't see reviews before i purchased my cookie press.  it doesn't have enough power to push the dough through to form a decent cookie.  i thought it was something i was doing wrong until i read the rest of these reviews.  it's a total waste of money
beware.this machine is not strong enough to push the dough through and it stops.  i would not recomend this unit to anyone
wish 0 stars was an option.spent two hours trying to get the thing to force out any dough.  i got half a batch done and needed a break.  my hand hurt from pushing the button!  while resting and muttering curses, my wonderful husband tried it.   he gave it about two minutes before he took it apart, washed it and took it right back to the store.  what a waste.  he came back with a much cheaper, manual cookie press. thirty minutes after he got home, we enjoyed our cookies
not only ugly - but it breaks when used as directed!...this product is problematic, and so is dealing with their executive office to affect a resolution. ..i have successfully cooked with tagines, cazuelas, cocotes, ollas and romertopf's unglazed clay cookers for decades. this is why i chose to err on the side of experience and ignore la cloche's instructions permitting users to place their room temperature baker in a preheated oven. ..in an effort to avoid the possibility of thermal shock, i placed the new la cloche in a cold oven. placing bread in a cold oven is deserving of the maledictions of all professional bakers...the second use of la cloche was exactly according to their instructions. thermal shock set in mid-way through the baking cycle and caused the bottom to crack and split into sections; taking with it 72-hours worth of my efforts on a three-stage 90 percent sourdough rye that required a well developed mature culture, a freshening, a basic levain, final sour, and multi fermentation and retarding phases. viewing my hard won efforts perched atop two sections of commercially produced stoneware was not a pleasant encounter. ..my practical experience with all manner of clay bakers has never yielded such disastrous results. i take great umbrage and displeasure when specialty kitchen equipment purchased to exceed my kitchen's normal capacity is subsequently responsible for the ruination of food, or  my efforts. ..after a protracted dispute carried out with intense hostility with the company's "vice president", i secured a replacement...i will never use the new replacement due safety concerns and my complete lack of trust in the product's stability and ability to perform according to normal oven applications and not ruin future baking efforts...for half the cost of a la cloche, and a lifetime of spectacular artisan bread --- i recommend instead the purchase of jeffrey hamelman's book titled, "bread: a baker's book of techniques and recipes" (hardcover) it will provide the reader with the baking skills to consistently produce professional loaves that do not require the service of la cloche. - never!
sassafras la cloche brick oven.received my sassafras la cloche brick oven yesterday with the idea that i'd be trying it out this weekend. unfortunately,i discovered that the thin clay handle was broken off the cover. now i'm in the process of trying to get it returned and replaced..the only reason i'm looking for a replacement and not a refund is due to the good results folks are claiming to get. after looking at the product design, i can see why there are so many that seem to have trouble with handles and cracking.the item is not of a robust design, and seems to be on the delicate and thin side. it does appear that if you can get one delivered unbroken, that it will require some special and gentle care in using and storage thereafter
the bottom pan arrived broken.this is a good product - but it was packed in a foolishly light box with the bell's handle directly touching the base pan without any protection, so the base arrived broken in half by the cloche's handle!..i have a friend who is on his second cloche, both have broken bottoms - tho' he still uses them for baking superb bread. i used my clay romertopf baker, perhaps a little more ungainly, but the bread was equally superb, and beautifully golden with a great crust. i've had it for decades and it's still intact...i cannot understand how they could have boxed it so foolishly and there is no excuse for it breaking so easily after use by my friend...i think the sassafras is shodd
about as "spill-resistant" as a colander....well, other reviewers have extolled the virtues of this mug---including its supposed spill-resistant top. ..i'm here to dispell this myth. ..our old mugs (starbucks, heh!) were junky, and leaky as hell. we'd put them in our lunchbox, standing straight up, and they'd somehow leak everywhere. so, i was in search of something nice, and thermos' nissan line is pretty infamous. the little latch lever mechanism looked ingenious, and several people talked about how it won't spill. ..i received my two new mugs a couple of days ago. put coffee in them, excited that i would no longer have to fear coffee stains on my lunch cooler and car. boy, was i ever wrong. you might as well not even have the dang stopper mechanism, because if the thing tips over with liquid inside, it comes pouring out. the seal on the plug that stops up the sipping hole is useless; this is mainly because the actual lever mechanism provides very little pressure against the hole when closed. as a result, you have, in essence, a failed product. it should be recalled. ..what good is a "travel" mug if the thing leaks everywhere? i might as well take a regular open-top ceramic mug in the car, because it would spill just as much. and no, it's not defective, because i bought two, and both of them leak the same. i'm returning them, and have ordered nissan's "leak-proof" model. we'll see if that lives up to the name. ..the only reason it gets two stars is because it does live up to half of my expectations: at least it kept my coffee hot. but what good is hot coffee when it's all over your car seat? i urge you, buy the "leak-proof" model. stay away from this one, unless you're looking for a "travel" mug that leaks everywhere.
broken hinge.generally i have chosen to purchase oxo products because of their durability.  i am very disappointed in oxo this time.  after just one year of use, the hinge on my garlic press is broken, and i am now pounding out garlic with a mortar and pestle until i can get to the us to buy a replacement.  unfortunately, i will not be buying another oxo good grips garlic press.  i wish i had read all of the helpful customer reviews before making this purchase.  it seems oxo needs to read them as well
not so good....i generally love good grips products, but this garlic press is not up to the standard of the other gg products.  it does not fit together closely enough to press all of the garlic through the head - leaving a lot of unpressed garlic in the hopper. my zyliss was damaged in the dishwasher (live and learn) but i am determined to get another.
weak.worked while it worked, but not sturdy enough -- hinge broke within a few months.  rubber handle bulky for my smaller hands.  rubber grip also tends to slip off...i had one zyliss last for 10 years, another about a year -- hard to know where to go for a press now but it's frustrating without one or, worse yet, a poor one
oxo- breaks too easily !.i purchased this oxo garlic press as it appeared to be very solid, and well-constructed..i use large quantities of garlic, and really appreciate a good garlic press...this is not a good garlic press!!!..it breaks quite easily, as imposing as it appears..... one can only press a few, small peeled cloves at a time...it is also not as easy to clean as one would assume...i recommend the large zyliss garlic press. it will press unpeeled cloves, large cloves, and is much sturdier...i was quite unimpressed by my experiences with the oxo good grips, try zyliss- **************
ugly, flimsy.the tent is made of two parts assembled with a zipper, that fit around a structure made of flimsy hollow plastic rods. the problem lies in the structure, which is not strong enough to withstand the weight of an average cat. if your cat likes exploring and climbing on top of things like most cats do, the frame will break quickly...if you're minimally handy, you can very easily make yourself a much better structure using pvc piping and joints (they're inexpensive and can be found in the plumbing section of any hardware store). if your cat is heavy and a climber, i would strongly suggest not even bothering with the supplied frame and building your own right away...another irritating problem is that replacing the waste receptacles is extremely inconvenient when the littermaid is in the tent...all in all, unless you absolutely have to hide the littermaid, this tent is poorly designed and more trouble than it's worth
lucky i was just trying to replace an old tent.once the stakes were assembled correctly, the tent would't fit around the stakes, it was to tight to zip, and the zipper broke in trying. the corners seemed to not fully extend. i was replacing an old tent i had that my plump kitty broke when climbing on top of it, so i just ended up using the stakes and putting the old tent back up with the new stakes. if i hadn't had the old tent, i would've had to replace the product completely, after it already took several weeks to receive it in the mail
decent product, some flaws.our cat woogums, who had sustained a pellet wound to the rear flank (neighborhood sources claim that he was 'pinged in the ass'), was unable to remain in the cat privacy tent due to what we believed was claustrophobic paranoia as a result of acute traumatic stress disorder...our cats, unfortunately, were shot at by local anti-feline vigilantes acting against the common and widespread practice of cats being let out by their human servants to roam the neighborhood so they can maim and kill smaller animals, urinate on and leave their kitty footprints all over freshly washed automobiles and generally make malicious pests of themselves. we learned from the experience and no longer allowed our cats outdoors, as our practice of feeding them expensive foods in crystal goblets make their hunting instincts unnecessary and an annoyance to those who are not fond of cats...we decided to return the expensive litter box and 'cat privacy tent' and have woogums euthanized by a local farmer with a cheap pellet gun who had offered his services when we first acquired woogums. we were pleased that he did not charge for the euthanasia...as we discovered later, the farmer was a poor shot and only managed to despatch woogums after one hundred and sixteen shots (most of which appeared randomly placed over woogums' body, but we were assured that no pellets missed the cat entirely), the killing shot having been administered down and into the left ear...we are grieving poor woogums' demise now, but we feel it is important to inform other purchasers of this product that it is poorly made and extremely overpriced. it is much cheaper and infinitely wiser to simply have the cat euthanized by a skilled practitioner, thus obviating the need for further expenditures upon it
good idea, poorly executed.i got this tent and one pole was already broken.  i should have known this was not a good thing.  over time i used more and more super glue and tape to hold it together.  i eventually had to give up.  and the cats weren't even sitting on it...i liked the idea though, could be used with any litter box really.
great idea.stainless chopsticks sound like a great idea, but they just don't work very well. they're hard to eat with because they're slick - noodles especially just slide right off (and i know how to eat with chopsticks; no problems with other kinds). also, they get way too hot when you eat hot foods. .i wouldn't buy them again. the dishwasher-safe thing doesn't mean much if they are never used.
wonderful product, but needs improvement!.silicone baking pans are extremely cool.  light and flexible, they store easily and don't deform even if you accidentally leave something heavy on them, and you can just peel them off your finished baked good.  since they cool down quickly, you can lift them without potholders after ~5 minutes out of the oven.  plus, i get that thrilling "the future is now" feeling whenever i use them, and sometimes i bake solely in order to be able to use the pan because it's just so cool...unfortunately, this pan and its sister, the 9x9 cake pan don't get clean --- whatever you bake leaves stains behind.  no matter how many times i have soaked them in hot soapy water, put them in the dishwasher, or scrubbed them, there are white splotches from flour that has spilled and brown splotches from cocoa and a shiny oil film.  even with the stains, they work perfectly well, but i just try not to let my guests see them since they look somewhat questionable.  also, i would be wary of using them with foods with strong flavors like onions or garlic, so that i wouldn't end up with garlic flavored brownies in the future.  ..one reviewer noted that they get clean if you grease them, but i don't think that could prevent the oily film, since the problem there seems to be too much fat, not too little.  it's possible that they have improved since i bought them last year, but you may want to look elsewhere to the silicone pans with shiny insides like the roshco.
poor battery-expensive to replace.we have had the shark for 6-12 months when the battery died.  the replacement was $25.00 to include shipping.  the new one didn't work.  when i called to check on the replacement battery i was told i should have had a professional install it.  great product when it works, poor customer service and parts are expensive
worst vacuum i ever owned.i agree with the others about the battery.  mine worked 3 weeks before i had to replace the battery.  during that 3 weeks, it was a great vacuum.  it took 2 months to receive a replacement battery because it was on back-order (which tells you how many other people have the same problem!).  it worked for a week after i replaced the battery.  then the motor started racing and smelling like it was burning.  it races so fast, that my hands are numb from the vibrations after i use it.  the extension tube constantly falls out of it when i am vacuuming.  not only is it a faulty product, but customer service has never responded to a single email that i have sent them asking for assistance
look into replacement hepa filters before buying.i really feel like giving the ep750h one star, but am giving it two because it does work well out of the box with a freshly charged battery, as the person who gives it five stars notes. *however,* the hepa filter this hand vac requires for operation must be replaced every 3 to 6 months, according to the instruction manual (p. 7), and the replacement hepa filter is unavailable, even from shark: i just got off the phone with someone at shark corporate headquarters after being unable to find it at their web site, and when the replacement filter is available, it will, "probably," be priced along the lines of the replacement filter for the ep033 hand vac, $12.95 plus $5.99 s/h. having ongoing costs of $38. or more each year in my book makes the ep750h deserve one star...before i continue, the part number for the replacement hepa filter is: xfh750h..the people at shark corporate headquarters are far more helpful than personnel at the customer service number in the product manual. if anyone either owns this model or decides to buy one, the corporate number is: 1-866-694-6401. when i first called the manual's c.s. number, the woman merely said replacement filters for the ep750h were unavailable. she tried to sell me replacement batteries [to be discussed farther down] at a special, one-time offer price of $4.95 plus s/h, despite my protests that i wasn't interested in batteries, only filters. the two people i next spoke with at headquarter were pleasant and did their best to obtain information for me (my second call was because i had forgotten to enquire about s/h charges)...what i learned from corporate headquarter people is that the replacement filter does show in their list of items, but has not as yet been priced. until it is priced, the filter will remain unavailable and not even show as an accessory for the ep750h on their web site. the current price list was updated two weeks ago and will not be updated for a few more weeks. it is possible, but not definite, that the hepa filter required for this hand vac will be priced in a few weeks. no other model hand vac hepa filter currently available [i asked about that for the ep033] will work in the ep750h...i discussed what i think is a major flaw with the filter system and the woman i spoke with said she totally agreed. over the hepa filter is a basket with plastic mesh. it basically looks the same as the, "euro-pro hepa filter for shark ep033," here at amazon. the openings between the mesh are large enough that _all_ dust and tiny particles go directly into the hepa filter. she agreed that a cloth bag over the hepa filter would have been far superior in catching dust/little dirt and prolonging the useful life of the (tiny) hepa filter. some other shark hand vacs that use hepa filters do have optional cloth dust cup filters, but there are none for the ep750h. i asked and she said none of the other model cloth dust cup filters will fit the ep750h...the woman i spoke with mentioned one problem i had never considered when using a hepa filter hand vac: one has to be careful not to suck-up food or other smelly things (i had mentioned using mine to clean up around my kitty litter pan). she said the hepa filter will absorb odors which will be difficult to remove, even via filter rinsing...people here at amazon give shark hand vacs very low ratings for battery life. this hand vac uses battery xb75018 and has a regular replacement price of $19.95 (plus $5.99 s/h). from one review i read for another model, confirmed during my conversation with someone at shark today, the big problem is that people are not charging the battery properly. the other amazon reviewer shared information someone at shark technical support gave him when he had to buy a replacement battery. in my opinion, most people are not properly charging the battery due to unclear manual instructions. the manual has battery notes on page 5. shark should add another note warning people not to charge the hand vac until the current charge is almost drained...to keep the battery in tip-top shape, so it holds a maximum charge, it should only be placed in the charger when the hand vac loses it's charge. by placing it in the charger after each use, which might just be for a few minutes at a time, the battery gets an imprint (right term?) so that over time it will run less and less time before requiring a recharge. the charger is also the hand vac and attachments stand, so it does become a pain in the neck making sure the power plug adapter is only plugged into an electrical socket when someone wants to charge the vac...in closing, i shall update this review later, when replacement parts for the ep750h become available. right now, i'm sorry i didn't buy a highly rated 14.4-volt, non-hepa dustbuster [the 15.6-volt one has a $9.99 hepa filter]. the motorized brush on the ep750h is the main reason i bought this model rather than the dustbuster. it works pretty well but can not compete with the power nozzle (same as motorized brush) on the hoover s2220 stick vaccum i purchased in december.
bad battery.after a few months your battery capacity will drop dramatically, like down to 2-3 minutes of usage. replacement is $20 plus shipping. check the reviews on older versions of the euro-pro- i wish i had
waste of money.when the top is locked, it can jam making it exceedingly difficult to remove the lid!  the lock feature is annoying, but my main other complaint is that the different settings are too much alike
junk !.i recieved this coffee grinder as a christmas gift,used it a few dozen times before simply it quit working.a waste of money
grinder needs help.the grinder has two major problems;.1. the top is difficult to line up and properly put on. once lined up it requires excessive force to seat and it often slips out of position requiring you to line it up again..2. the grinder has 3 major groups of grinds with fine control within each group. there is no difference within each group of fine control and a minimal difference between the 3 groups. i still count mentally the seconds to get the grind i want which is the exact reason i bought a grinder with grind control. .it does not deliver as avertised
nice features but unreliable.i have purchased two of these hamilton beach coffee grinders this year and both have failed. on both, the core of the unit (motor  blade) has slowly separated from the casing so that the lid no longer operates the safety interlock switch, rendering the unit inoperable. this is poor engineering design. i now use a $20 krups unit; it does not have the built-in timer but it works. viva los germans
attractive but did not last.i had got this coffee grinder as a christmas present.  it is a very attractive grinder and i loved all of the features.  i used it for a year and loved it but then it stopped working after a year and just doesn't work anymore
it was not what i thought.i returned this chili pot immediately.  i was terribly disappointed with the cheap-looking appearance.  it was nowhere near the quality of my other calphalon products, including the "kitchen essentials" line.  the price should have been the tip-off, or more likely the "rip-off."  the handles felt rough, the pan didn't weigh much, which was probably the best feature and i wasn't convinced about the non-stick coating.  to be fair, i didn't use it.  i have no idea if the pot will hold up to my chili recipe.  i decided to recoup some of my money and return it.  maybe calphalon can re-submit a clearer photo of this product.  i will continue to purchase other calphalon products of higher quality
ew! whats that smell??.i got this as a gift last christmas, and mine also came with a metal holder. the problem with the holder is that the pan doesnt sit evenly on top, so the muffins on the sides come out lopsided-if they come out at all..call me lazy, but after using this i threw it in the dishwasher and found out that the non-stick spray will not wash off, instead it creates a sticky mess that i still havent been able to remove from the pan..by far though, the worst part of this thing is the nasty smell that floods my house when im baking. its so toxic smelling, its hard to want to eat after pulling it out of the oven..on the upside though, the muffin pan is not nearly as awful as the kitchenaid silicone baking mat
calibration fails over time.i have a polder and a pyrex, both of which i bought around the same time over a year ago (use them for bread baking and meat roasting).  in the last few months, the meat started to be inexplicably overdone when using the pyrex.  tried it again for the thanksgiving turkey. when the turkey seemed to be taking too long, i plugged the probe already in the turkey into the polder unit instead. suddenly my 132 degree temp reading went to 158 and the turkey was almost done! we took it out of the oven based on the polder reading of 165 and it was perfect. in swapping the two probes back and forth, it is clear the pyrex unit is no longer calibrated correctly and the probe is not the issue. kind of defeats the point of using a probe termometer.  i'd go with another brand if you are looking at purchasing one of these.
problem probe.very limited use of this product before it failed.  used on grill last and probe failed.  "high" temp reading and will not reset.  would not suggest you using or buying this product.  might be a great timer though!
worked once.this product worked one time and then failed.  have tried it a couple more times, but the temperature reading never comes up..it seems several others have had similar problems. i'm going to look for another brand and hope for better luck
do not buy any of these!.i have had about 6 or 7 similar products in the past 12 months, including two of these, just returned. i used all in complete compliance with the instructions, especially with regard to no contact of the probe to oven or grill parts. all of them failed within a few weeks, some within a few minutes. the interesting thing is that the  probes are identical in appearance, regardless of the brand. i suspect that all the probes are made by the same company and are just total garbage. don't waste your money - get a good manual bimetal probe instead - they last forever....
stay away.this item is pretty much worthless.  there were plenty of negative reviews, but i figured i could make it work and bought it anyway.  my mistake.  save your money and don't buy it.  here are the problems:..it is really loud.  this alone would not warrant a bad review if everything else was fine, but it's a ding...the blade doesn't "spin."  it moves around in a start-stop movement, meaning that it can't really cut well...the blade is serrated.  this makes thin, clean cuts of meat difficult...the blade is too thick.  again, impossible to make fine cuts of meat..the carriage/gate is way to small to cut anything meaningful.  i tried to cut a briskett on it across the grain (the smalles cross section of a briskett) and it wouldn't fit...nearly impossible to clean.  you have to take the blade off to clean it, which would be fine except that it has the gears on it, and you run the risk of washing away the required grease.  it's also really difficult to take off.  most of the rest of it, the carriage/gate mechanism and blade guard, cannot be separated from the motor, so you cannot submerge it.  you even have to be careful using a sponge or running water...when some one buys a slicer, it's to slice cooked roasts of meat.  with this item, it is not possible.  with all this, about the only thing it is good for is thickly slicing bread, and maybe small roasts.  even still, with the clean up effort, don't bother.  buy yourself a decent serrated bread knife, a carving fork, and a mandolin, and you'll be much happier, with better results and faster cleanup than you could ever get from this item.  the only reason i still have it is because i lost the receipt.  i wish i could do something with this besides take up space, but it is absolutely worthless...i recently looked at buying a meat grinder and briefly considered the waring-pro dedicated product.  i read a few bad reviews, and after having bought this item, i decided to stay away.  i will likely never buy another waring product again
how to save 99 bucks!!.use a knife, it works and it works better than this paper weight...if you did in fact buy this piece of junk, here's how you can actually make it work like a professional food slicer...(no, really don't try this).first, remove the blade.second, attach it to your power mitre saw you have in the garage..third, watch your fingers when holding the meat...or..if you have to give a gift to someone you don't like then this is perfect...otherwise, send it back or take it back
waring fs-150 food slicer.i have had this model since chistmas and have used it almost daily.  it works fine, but does require some attention to use it properly...as so many others have written, cleaning it after each use is a big chore.  the unit is poorly designed in this respect.  ..very important! when handling or cleaning, the thickness contol must be in the fully closed position!  do not let children or a guest use this machine----ever!..but once you get the hang of it, you can do an adequate job by closing the thickness control to zero and wiping the front side of the blade with a wet towel or a wet towel with a bit of soap...with care the back side of the blade can also be cleaned in the same manner but turning on the motor for a moment to revolve the blade while pressing the cleaning towel from the reat on the closed thickness control.  ..yes, i know that this is not the safest thing to do, and hence the criticism of a poor design.  one must also remember to wipe the back of the bell housing for the blade as meat/food slices often touch this part as they are being sliced...i have unplugged the device and tilted it in a sink with the blade facing away and then carefully sprayed parts of the blade and housing after soaping them with a paper towel to remove food or food particles...this was necessary after cutting potatoes for homemade potato chips (delicious)...you must be careful in rinsing this way as some water will invariably drain into the machine.  so do not drench the machine with an indescrimanent spray all over.  low water pressure and a carefully directed spray is the only way.  ..any water that gets inside can be removed by tilting the machine both directions a number of times.  you then need to let the unit dry for several hours before pluging it in again.  ..this is not the safest action for an electric device, but there does not seem to be another way at times to clean it otherwise.  i do not recommend that others do this...i have removed the blade and inspected the parts behind the blade twice.  there does not seem to be much in the way of food debris collected there so a careful wipe on the lower parts of the unit was sufficient.  the gear grease was not disturbed, but the plastic seal part that rides next to the blade to stabilise it and is held in place by the friction of projections is definitely flimsy, but is easily replaced back on the unit if you disturb it.  i understand that a new part is unavailable if damaged.  another lack of customer no service from waring...the carriage slide rail bushing will start to stick and the unit will be come difficult to use after a while.  as recommended by others, a small drop or two of vegetable oil seems to do the trick.  while olive oil has been recommended for this, a more fully saturated vegetable oil or pam would be a better choice, since over time unsaturated oils such as olive oil become oxidized and sticky...a major problem with this unit is that there is no way to sharpen the blade!  waring is silent on this in the manual and as far as i can tell they do not offer replacement blades either.  ..chef choice machines are infinitely better in this regard as they offer a blade sharpener and several styles of replacement blades...i would never, never buy this or the upscale slightly larger unit from waring, the model fs 800 again!  ..these units and the lack of factory support are a waste of money.  they are not designed for the serious cook or user.  it is only a matter of time that i will have a $100 nonfunctional white elephant on my hands.  i also feel that the $10 service fee some charge as "insurance" is a real rip-off for a poorly designed unit.  no such fee should be priced at more than 5% of the original value, in my opinion...go for a chef's choice machine, if you must have one.  ..but in any case, all of these machines are going to be far more difficult to clean and to keep sharp than a good chef's knife
blade runner.ok, listen.  first of all what you people gotta know is the following:  this is not, as waring coyly implies, a "professional quality" slicer, whatever that is supposed to mean.  this slicer is a rickety toy.  however, it will slice your food.  yes, as other reviewers have stated, it seems to overload easily and issues a smell of electrical burning.  but i kind of think that is a plus.  what you gotta do is look at yourself in the mirror and get real with yourself.  you gotta say, "ok, i'm a cheap b@stard.  i shelled out 99 bucks for this thing thinking i was getting away with something.  now i realize i'm not getting away with anything.  in fact waring has gotten away with plenty."  but look on the bright side:  this thing will slice your food and may not burn out right away.  what's that you say?  this thing is impossible to clean?  that's not true.  it is not impossible to clean.  i cleaned it today and it only took me forty  minutes.  what you gotta know about cleaning it is, rule #1 is don't remove the blade.  the blade is simply not meant to be removed.  yes, waring wants you think you should remove it, but this is just smoke and mirrors.  if you remove the blade you will find that the plastic gears inside are coated with some ungodly gunk that most definitely does not belong in contact with your food.  this gunk will smear over everything as you try vainly to clean the blade.  then you will replace the blade and it will now have a wobble.  trust me, don't remove the blade.  what to do?  well, to own a device like this you gotta have know-how and make-do.  you gotta stay loose.  what i've started doing is just giving the thing a rub down with isopropyl alcohol.  i figure this will kill the germs and cut the grease and will evaporate without residue.  so now i don't even dream of removing or washing any part of this product.  pretty crummy, i hear you say.  well, that may be.  but ask yourself this:  did you ever stop to ask yourself how often the guy behind the meat counter stops to really clean the slicer?  god knows its gotta have meat particles on it for hours and hours that get coughed on and sneezed on and then he slices your ham for you and... boom... you're sick as a dog thinking its the meat that was bad.  hey, there wasn't anything wrong with that meat until it came in contact with the slicer.  that's when it all went wrong.  i mean think about it.  i'd really like to see some statistics on the percentage of people getting sick off deli slicers.
needs steroids.i'm sorry, but this unit makes very weak coffee.  i really wanted to like this thing, because of the great variety of coffee choices available, but many of them are just barely drinkable.  i have to go along with a reviewer on another site who said that it's ok the keurig doesn't make a full mug, because you wouldn't want to drink a full mug of this stuff anyway...this unit really, really needs some way to control the brew strength...on the plus side, there are a few "extra bold" varieties, but just a few, so if you stick to those, you miss the major advantage of the keurig...my wife and i also noticed that all of the coffe made with the keurig had a flavor element in common.  it's not quite a vending-machine flavor, but it's something that's not present in coffee made other ways.  ..as i write this, i'm sitting here drinking a cup of brown dishwater, a.k.a. french vanilla, and planning on returning the unit.  looks like it's back to taster's choice hazelnut instant for me.  not a great coffee, but the flavor beats any of the k-cups and i can make it as strong as i like.
has its endearing qualities, but......i can only go to 2 stars for this.  cookies baked on a silpat spread out too much and turn out too thin and with edges that are hard.  i tried several different varieties thinking perhaps it was just the type of dough, but had the same result for all types.  for cookie baking, i am sticking with my airbake sheets.  on the positive side, silpat performed beautifully when i made glazed almonds, which have a very gooey sticky coating that gets baked on.  they didn't burn or stick, and the silpat sheet cleaned up nicely as promised with only warm water.  since i bought this in hopes of baking phenomenal cookies, i don't think the expense was justified.
i'm one of the few non-fans.i am one of the few people that doesn't think silpat is the best thing ever. i love homemade cookies and i think the silpat ruins the texture of a perfect cookie -- crispy edges with a soft center. when i used my silpat, i found that the very edge of my cookies were crisp, but that's it. in fact it almost makes the bottom undercooked with a hard ring around the edge. ..i did a comparison and cooked a batch of cookies (sugar-butter cookies) traditionally on parchment paper and then one on the silpat. i liked the traditional method better so i no longer use mine for baking. i still need to give it a try with other things. it does make sense for candies, but i've yet to try it
not safe for non-glass aquariums.i bought 3 new tanks and 3 of these magnents to ease the cleaning of the inside of my acrilic tanks .. but after first use on each tank .. unfortunatly i did not notice until i ruined all 3 .. there are scratches all over and now the new tanks look bad.  i am a photographer and was hoping to get some nice shots after everything got going, but after trying to shoot anyway .. the scratches show up bad in the pics.  i am researching to find a better way to clean these tanks and wish i had bought glass to begin with .. but the magnets say they do not scratch .. but they do
my product nightmare.i bought this wok mainly because it was a good size and made of iron. when i received the receipt from the wok shop it said "this wok will have to be washed several times before seasoning to remove the film that is used to prevent it from rusting in shipping over water from china."  what they fail have mentioned is that the "coating" that they use is essential a thin layer of gray paint! i have worked on it for over an hour with a steel scouring pad, and i have thus far not managed to remove any of the "coating."
i do not like being lied to!.i purchased this product line in a retail store. the packaging clearly states it is dishwasher safe. then after you unpack it, and read that if you put it in the dishwasher you void the ten year warranty! do not make the same mistake i did, avoid this product
split within a year.i purchased this block in dec. 2002.  we moved into our new home in january 2003 and this block split in two places by the end of 2003.  we treated it exactly as it says - lots of mineral oil and only occasional washing.  disappointing, now i am inclined to buy a thinner cutting board
i'm on my 2nd cutting slab..my replacement cutting slab is now warped and rocks back and forth.  the 1st one was replaced by amazon after it developed a 2 inch crack.  i would stop offering this product
it split on me too!.i saw the reviews before i bought it but i thought those people had possibly  been careless. i apologize to them... mine split in less than 3 weeks of use and i did everything i was supposed to.  just the steam from a regular pasta cooking kitchen split it.  it was beautiful but obviously it was defective.  amazon has been good about taking it back and i'm assuming i will have no problem getting my refund
cracked in half at 450f....i loved this dish, and have been using it for three months now. as with all lc cookware, one becomes accustomed to the fact that they are extremely reliable, so i am kind of at a loss now. .i haven't gone above 400f with this dish so far, but tonight a recipe instructed 450f. the description on its packaging allows up to 500f, so i wasn't even second guessing..then, 5 mins later a snapping sound from the oven, and, voila, it was cracked in half with surgical precision, along the shorter axis. now i have two small pans, each with its own handle..with this exact piece it's not about the price exactly, and it _was_ great till it lasted. .i'm just a little bewildered about the quality and not so assured and relaxed about lc stoneware and their proclaimed heat resistance anymore. better stay below 400f, esp with the more costly pieces
didn't work.i sealed products  when i pulled it out it had gone bad.
kettle leaks. lid hard to close. slow boil..this kettle has been a real dissapointment. i have 3 major complaints with it and the only benefit is that it looks good. i bought it 1/2 a year ago and am now replacing it..1) it leaks all over my counter. .2) it is slow to boil compared to other electric kettles we've had. .3) it has a weird lid that has to be lined up exactly with the kettle in order to snap close. it is a real nuisance and even when it closes, it unsnaps very easily
here's the "scoop".from the description of this ice cream scoop, i thought it would be great, but i was disappointed.  i would never buy another one
close but not the same scoop used in stores.as a former baskin robbins owner for 20 years i can attest to the fact that this is not the scoop used in br stores. our 25+ year old scoops are still bright and shiny-- and solid stainless steel, very heavy. also, there is no name inscribed in the actual scoops. the newer quot;realquot; scoops used today have a serrated edge. but the operation of the scoop can't be beat-it is the best designed scoop there is. but this resale item is merely a cheaper version of the real thing (which currently costs over $25 from the only approved smallwares supplier br has and can only sell to br stores!
do not buy!.i never write reviews but this thing worked so poorly i felt that it was my duty to warn people not to purchase it
dont buy this item.please read all the reviews and then just go to dairy queen and have a gerat soft ice cream and keep the $50 dollars in you packet!
soft ice cream???.like the others i tried to follow directions that came with the machine, but it did not freeze.  i did find out that if i put the ice cream mix in the freezer for a few hours before putting in the machine it would make soft ice cream that will work in a cone.  my other problem was some small plastic parts that keep getting lost in the ice cream and have been found while eating.  i don't think that this is very safe.  i thought that it would be a little better product
very cheap and doesn't make ice cream..i followed the instructions to a t.  froze the container and then started the machine.  i ran the machine for 1 1/2 hours and it never got any thicker than a milkshake.  never goos enough to dispence from bottom of machine.  i would not reccomend this machine to anyone.  i wish they would give my money back...stev
feel ripped off.this is a very attractive gadget but, like the previous reviewer,  i feel it doesn't live up to its billing. i froze the container for more than  24 hours and yet the ice cream never firmed up enough to serve although the machine was left to churn for almost an hour. i may as well have mixed the recipe and just stuck the goop in the freezer for all that the machine did
soft serve ice cream never got hard enough to serve.would not recommend this machine.  soft serve never got hard enough to serve.  the handle on the machine would not release any of the soft slush that accumulated after running for forty five minutes.  just not a good machine.  canister was frozen for over 18 hours at zero degrees.  machine was returned the same day it was received.  just not as advertised.  should not have to pay for the return
terrible product!.do not buy one of these.  i bought this thinking i was buying a great machine.  boy, was i wrong!  this pot always overflows spilling onto on the counter and making a terrible mess and leaving you with about 4 cups of coffee....after having filled it for 10.  i have tried and tried to make sure i was doing everything right, but the problem isn't me, it's the machine....a design flaw.  i have to sit it on a towel to try to help making the mess a bit less.....which helps some....but the overflow is just not acceptible.  if i can find the box i am going to try to return it even without a receipt.  if they won't take it i'll throw it in the trash as i have ordered a new coffeemaker because i just can't take anymore of this! don't waste your money on one of these!  it's just terrible
design flaw.the unit i have has a design flaw. when the coffee is brewing and the basket fills with water, instead of tripping the control to let the coffee flow into the pot, it instead fills to the top of the basket and flows over and then all over the counter. only half of the coffee gets into the pot. my husband took a plastic spoon and broke it in half and stuck the straight end in the front of the basket which fixed it in some way. unfortunately, i do not have the receipt so, i am now stuck with this sorry thing that has had to be rigged in order to work correctly. i am very disappointed in this mr. coffee product as i have used mr. coffee products all of my adult life and i am about to be 55 years old.
died after three weeks.for the first three weeks i was very happy with this product. it sealed both bags and canisters quickly and efficiently...however three weeks after getting it, it completely stopped working. fortunately amazon has a very good return policy so i will be getting a replacement. when i get the new one i will give another review after having it a few month or until it dies again...the foodsavers used to be made in italy. now they are made in china and some people have told me that the quality control has really dropped of
avoid this product.i got one 10 months ago and suddenly it is not holding the tempreture any more. i can feel the tempreture from the outside right away after put some hot water in the bottle..i called customer service. i have to mail it back and prepay for return postage. it is about to pay the same account to buy a new one
poor functionality for high temp mitt.the mitt provides outstanding protection but it's too stiff and clumsy for regular use in the kitchen.  i think it's best suited for moving grills, racks, etc
just got it, but handle too small!.i used to own a cast iron skillet that i seasoned myself. when i left the co-op college house i was in, someone asked if they could have the skillet. i let them have it. but recently, i have been using all teflon coated pans, and after reading/hearing all of the potential problems teflon can cause, i decided to try a cast iron skillet again...the first logic pan from amazon arrived with the handle broken off, so i didn't get a chance to pick the pan up properly. (replacement from amazon was simple and easy! thanks amazon)..now the replacement has arrived, and immediately, i could see - with the handle attached, that it would be too small. and so it is.. i guess they expect you to hold onto this tiny handle, and then grab the other side of the hot pan which has some sort of mini grip built in.  when picking it up, the end of the handle barely hits the far side of my palm. and my hands aren't very large. ..i checked the picture online, and sure enough, it does show the handle to be small.. so buyer beware: it's a heavy pan, with a tiny handle!  i guess the designers expect customers to pick up the pan every time using both handles with two hands
aw,  great in theory, horrible in reality!.well, who wouldn't want a skinnier toaster?  (hey, it's "in" for starlets to be super-thin, perhaps the toaster got envious?!)  in any case, my hubby picked out the lovely toaster. the man has excellent taste. :p  unfortunately, the toaster doesn't work evenly.  the bread would be warm or charred, or have a case of zebra-itis.  had to bring it back..what a shame, tho! such a great idea!
just doesn't work.i got this toaster as a wedding gift a little over a year ago.  i still haven't been able to get the toast to turn out right.  it is either burnt or just warm bread.  also, it doesn't toast evenly.  the portions of the bread toward the center of the toaster get browner way before the edges of the bread toward the ends.  i wouldn't recommend this toaster to anyone
i should have known.after looking through all the toasters (and reviews) on amazon and marvelling that *nobody* seems to be making a semi-decent toaster i found myself at target today still in need of a toaster.  of course i've read so many reviews that i forgot who hated what more than which.  so i bit the bullet, found pretty much what i've been looking for - 2 long slots, basic controls - and said to myself as i was checking out, "this is probably the one everyone hated the most."  sure enough, 1.5 stars...i thought, perhaps, i might luck out.  so i tested it as soon as i got home.  turning off the overhead light i could clearly see patches of elements that were just *dead*.  totally unlit.  of course this results in uneven toasting...all tested slices had charred edges.  not the entire crust but the edges were definitely blackened.  one side of the toast is considerably lighter than the other, though this does seem to be consitent in both slots so at least they match. ::rolleyes:: due to patches of cold elements roughly 1/4 (in one, large patch) of one side of toast isn't.  toast, that is.  it's warm bread...it's definitely going back tomorrow
burnt, burnt, and broke.at first, it was ok; but, you had to watch it carefully or the toast would burn. second of all, if you touched the outside of the toaster it would burn your fingers. the buttons didn't work. lastly, after six months of light use it stopped working. the toaster would start toasting the item but it wouldn't stop and the cancel button didn't work either creating a fire hazard. when we did an autopsy on the toaster, the inside electrical motherboard was blackened. ..in summary, based on the other reviews and personal experience, don't buy this toaster
waste of money -- 0 stars.half the bread is charred, the other half not even toasted. even if you interrupt the toasting halfway through and reposition the bread you still can't get an even toast..the designers also put form over function. the wide bottom may look retro cool but i'd rather have the counter space.
one word: awful.we've owned this toaster for 12 months and that's 12 months too long. despite it's nice looks and numerous settings it toasts one of two ways: burned or underdone. when underdone, it takes takes two or three toasting cycles and constant monitoring to simply brown the bread. even then the toasting is uneven. i can't believe oster would release such piece of you-know-what.
deceptive description.this item is advertised as having a 5-cup blue chill glass freezer jar.  it is plastic. since we were specifically looking for a blender with a glass jar, this does not suit our needs
don't use oiley beans.received this machine and put in some kona beans. no matter what setting i put it on the grind put out a very fine ground. wasted on a french coffee press. called the service line and the tech told me if the beans are oiley this is how they will come out. what good is a machine that cant handle the better grades of coffees. $50. out the window
this grinder has problems.i purchased the la pavoni burr grinder summer 2005.  after some 7 months of grinding once a day for one serving - it stopped working.  in addition to its short life span it frequently would grind coffee beans and wouldn't stop grinding until i pulled the cord from the wall. this resulted in an overflow from the ground bean container.  the setting to control the type of grind stopped working several months ago resulting in finely ground beans all the time...i will never buy this brand again.
not the real thing!.i was so pleased with my first set that i decided to buy another set.  i was so disappointed when i opened the new set.  the pattern is lighter than the original set and the pattern is blurred in some spots.  when i turned the dishes over they say that they are made in columbia, not in .england like my first set.  if you are looking for a cheap replica than go ahead and buy but if you want the real thing then make sure they are made in england.  i also got stuck paying the return shipping.  i will be more careful next time i buy
total waste!!.i wish i would had opened these when i got them, but i had nowhere to put them at the time.  so, i lost out.  they are a knock off of some sort...says they are made in columbia and what gets me more upset than anything is that amazon has sold them and for the past 6-7 years i have bought many items from amazon.com and never had an issue with anything.  i really wish there was a way for all of us to get our money back since it has been lost to expecting we were getting a great deal on this dish set.  now, i am trying to sell them on ebay and hoping someone doesn't care where they were made and that they are just a pretty set that they can enjoy
not the same dishes.the manufacture puts 2 different pattern/type of dishes in each box shipped from amazon..please look at the bottom of each cup, dish, saucer.  one is made in england and the other is made in columbia..each of the patterns are simular but one has a lighter print..thanks
displeased.the 45-piece finlandia dinnerware set is not made in england but in columbia and is a poor knock-off of the real enlish made churchill china finandia dinnerware. the colors were faded on all of the salad plates, some of the dinner plates did not have the pattern completely printed on them, and the platter did not have the flower emblem centered in the middle of the platter. there were also glazing drips on the back of some of the plates. not the real churchill china. i am returning the entire 45-piece set and ordering the 20 pc. set that is made in england.
poor quality and not what is advertised.i rec'd my 45 piece setting, found dishes pocked, pitted. glaze was crazed on some, and the print was blurred.  on the back it stated "made in columbia" not made in england. i was unable to talk with anyone to find out if i would be getting what was advertised on the internet. do yourself a favor and skip this one!  (i know they still make them in england, because i just got a 16 pc place setting that was p e r f e c t). i am paying to have it sent back to amazon to get a replacement. will see if i get the same thing back.
disappointing product.i am very disappointed with this product. i purchased this oil set because they looked really nice and the editorial review said that it worked as a mister. when i received the product i immediately tried it out. the first few quot;spraysquot; the oil just squirted out in a steady stream, and after a few tries it would spray out with large droplets, not a fine mist. not at all what i had expected. it works well to add a little bit of oil to a pan, but that's what i have a squeeze bottle for. if you are looking for something pretty to use while oiling your pans while cooking, this product will work for you. but if you are looking for something to grease your cake pans or lightly coat food with oil, this product will not work well. i will be returning mine and trying the misto one intead
makes lofty claims, fails to live up to them.this is a good, if somewhat pricey regular pillow. expect nothing else and you'll likely be fairly happy. the 'temperature regulation' claims are just that, claims. any temp regulation experienced is placebo factor. my rating is based upon the mfgr. claims
poor design-can't find replacement parts.like a previous reviewer, the drive coupler that connects the motor to the blades went out of our machine after 5 pitchers of smoothies. this is a very poor designed product. i have been all over the internet and can't find a replacement part. if they are going to make an inferior part, they should at least make replacements available. i do not recommmend this appliance for anyone who is serious about their smoothies!!
not nearly as good as it seems.i got this product as a gift. besides the aforementioned problem with totally dismantling it to clean it, in itself an arduous task, there is a major design flaw with this product that should be brought to your attention. .the drive 'coupler' that connects the motor unit to the blender 'pitcher' is made of silicone, a silicone that is too soft and will seperate from the metal part that attaches to the motor. one episode trying to crush ice cubes will damage the drive, which at first will just squeal, sounding like you are stepping on a cats tail as you blend. after awhile it spins freely and you don't get any smoothies. .i got here because i am trying to buy a replacement part, without any luck....so buyer beware
the worst cookie sheets out there.these cookie sheets suck, to put it mildly. i went to bake biscuits on my new airbake cookie sheet and they over-browned with minutes left on the cook time and stuck so badly i ended up throwing away the entire thing- pan and all. i'd like to note that they stuck even though i buttered the cookie sheet with a large gob of butter. the worst part is i had recently recieved a bunch of airbake as a housewarming gift and i can't return any of it. i'm afraid to use the airbake cake or pizza pan i have because i know whatever i cook will overbrown quickly and then stick no matter how much i grease the pans. i'm going back to using my old cheap non-stick bakeware- thank goodness i didn't throw it out.
worst cookie sheets out there!.airbake products are horrible! i have used the cookie sheets multiple times and i have had nothing but problems. there products over-brown everything you cook and the food sticks no matter how well you grease the pans. i have better luck using my old cheap non-stick bakeware than airbake. buyer beware! if you do choose to buy this brand of products grease the pans generously and cut the bake time and oven temperature
don't waste your money!.i bake hundreds of cookies for the holidays to go in gift baskets. i was looking to get additional pans to speed up my process and thought these looked like a good idea. it doesn't work like the manufacturer suggests. sheets develop hot spots that cook very unevenly. your batch of cookies will never brown evenly. the air space between the sheets holds heat so if you leave the cookies on the sheet for even a couple of minutes to cool they will only continue to cook and burn on the bottom. cookies will easily stick if you don't lubricate the surface. imho: waste of money
the primary task of a toaster....is to make toast.  unfortunately, though this one is pretty,  stays cool to the touch, and boasts all the features you'd ever want in a toaster, it fails at the one task that counts -- actually toasting bread.  anything above the lightest settings burns the bread.  one side nearly always toasts darker than the other, or does not toast at all.  it is not consistent.  someone suggested that was because the bagel feature was turned on -- would that it were!  the bagel feature of this one does not, unfortunately, only toast one side; it toasts for a longer time, instead, which usually burns the bagel...on both sides..i love the lift feature that raises the toast higher if you need to get at a short slice or an english muffin. no more knives or forks stuck in to do this!  i love that it will defrost frozen bread.  i love the wide slots, which will hold a really large, thick slice.  but it will not make decent toast, and isn't that why we buy a toaster in the first place?  .you will probably not want to buy this one
cpt-140 fancy but not worthy.beware of very sophisticated fancy looking kitchen appliances and read the reviews before you fall for them.  i bought one of this expensive products and it stopped working 6 months later.  cuisinart does offer a 3 year warranty in all their products, but they don't tell you that you have to go through the annoyance of shipping the product back to them at your own cost and you will also have to pay for the shipping cost if you want your new product back.    they won't reimburse you for your time either, so if you earn money by the hour, add those losses to the cost of the appliance. that will be enough money to buy any other brand if i throw that one to the garbage.  it's not worth it
this thing is toast!.seemed like a good buy when i bought it. upscale price for a toaster but it had so many features it seemed fair. but my gosh - it can't make a decent piece of toast! it overtoasts everything or undertoasts it so that you have to put it back down at which point it.....overtoasts it!.nice idea having wide slices but it doesn't handle large slices nicely, breaking some on the way up - probably because of undertoasting...after only a week or so - this thing is toast - i plugged in my old style 4 slice bd - oh well!
defective toaster.when i put 4 pieces of bread in the toaster to be toasted, one of the pieces only gets toasted on one side of the bread
avoid this toaster - uneven cooking!!.after about six months, this toaster started burning toast around the edges and now cooks one side to a crisp while leaving the other side almost un-toasted.  two thumbs down for this piece of $#!%
no eggs.this egg cooker didn't work when i purchased it, so i had to return it
piece of garbage displayed in a cute little package.i, too, have been burned by the steam coming out of the holes on the top of the lid.  also, the poaching bowl only has room to poach 3 eggs at one time and it does a lousy job at that.  it hard cooks the yolk while the white is still runny - go figure.  my oster lasted for years until one day it just said "i'm not working anymore".  however, up until that point it was the best egg cooker i ever owned.  i will be purchasing another oster (through amazon) since i cannot find it in any stores here in my area.  take heed - do not buy cuisinart's piece of junk egg cooker!  (although they do make a nice coffee maker.
good looks poor performance.the design looks great.  it does a wonderful job of hard boiling eggs.  don't even attempt to poach eggs, however.  the plastic holder used for poaching eggs is so thick and heat resistant that the bottom of the eggs stay raw while the tops get overdone.  ..i bought mine a few weeks ago and just threw it away
worst egg cooker on the planet.i'm sorry, i just purchased this and it's a nightmare. water leaks all over the place, i've burned myself 2x with the steam coming out the top, inside gets all nasty and disgusting, 'poacher' is useless because it's so flimsy. the water leaking is the worst - we have to either wrap it in paper towels or put the thing in a pie pan to catch the water. i'm throwing it out as soon as i can buy a different one. it's awkward to store -- the cord system is awful. much chintzier in reality than it looks online. a waste of money
good smoothies, poor quality.i'm the kind of person that likes to spend a little more, and get stuff that lasts a long, long time. i was thinking that this was one of those purchases. i hear stories about how "grandma had her waring for 40 years and it stills runs like a champ!" i swallowed this hook, line, and sinker. ..first off, this blender makes a fantastic smoothie.  the jar shape and position of the blade make this a smoothie dream. most blenders have the typical cone with a small cup shaped blending area at the bottom, which makes for an air pocket disaster. with the waring pro you still get an air pocket or 2 on a really thick smoothie, but not like the 20 airpockets i used to get with the osterizer 1985 edition sold today for $40. ..now the reality check. .the team that built your grandmother's waring in the 40's? they retired in 1978!..this blender is a faade. .it's a 14 lb shell of steel around a motor the size of an rc car,  the reviewer that stated that the target $40 blender has a bigger motor wasn't exaggerating. it's a shame to say that i know this, because the way that i know the motor is because i've had to disassemble the thing three times now.  ..i bought this blender 3 years ago. after 1 year, the mechanical switch went out, had to order a new one and replace it myself. the alternative was to send it back to waring for 3 months to have them do it. oh! and i'd have to cover shipping on this 14 lb brick both ways.  so i opted for the $20 part. ..1 year later, the blade assembly on the jar started leaking, new jar $50 plus shipping. ..1 year later (last week).i loaded up the jar with frozen strawberries, frozen peaches, blackberries, bananas, the works.  i turned on the blender, the blade jammed on a strawberry... blue arc of electricity from under the base unit, a poof of smoke, and my $150 plus $20 plus $50 blender passed on to blender heaven.  ..what irritates me is that every other device of this type has a protection against this. take an in-sink garbage disposal for instance. you drop in a few cherry pits to see what happens (don't ask), and it jams up and it shuts down, you press the red reset button on the bottom of the disposal and you're back in business.  that 5hp motor with a reset button cost me $50, so where does waring get off charging $150 for their blender. ..so 3 years and 3 service issues. not the honda accord of blenders if you know what i mean. prepare to get your hands dirty and have a trashcan nearby. ..but great smoothies!..i just bought the kitchen aid proline bar blender with stainless jar, on sale for $229 on amazon. it has a 1 hp motor and also (drumroll) has a motor bind protection mechanism. ..i'll let you know what i think.
item defective.i have received the first part of my 12 place setting and was so disappointed. it was the med. platter and had many scratches deep enough to feel with my finger nails, several flaws, and discolorations as well. i am so disappointed and am now fearful the entire set will be sub standard. i am returning the platter and am hopeful that it's replacement and the rest of the service will be quality
so disappointing.i am so disappointed with this unit.  i follow a pretty strict macrobiotic diet and cook rice and other whole grains on an almost-daily basis.  thought a rice cooker might be convenient, wouldn't have to watch the stove as much... boy, was i wrong.  for several days now i have been following the instructions to the letter, and the thing bubbles over, scorches, and undercooks, particularly with brown rice.  i didn't purchase mine from amazon, so it's going back to the store tomorrow.
from bad to worse - think twice before buying..when a product attracts so many bad reviews, you have to wonder.....i decided to replace my first pot after dozens of "bubbles" appeared on the bottom (see my first review about the smaller model)...fifteen dollars and three weeks later, i was receiving a new pot that wasn't round and didn't match the cover at all. mystery solved! that's why so many users report that their cooker is making a mess! there's a gap between the ridge of the pot and the glass cover that's easily 1/8 inch wide...for 4 months, i managed to limit the damages, placing a folded paper towel in the gap. month 5: the rice cooker stopped cooking. the cook/keep warm button would go up only a few minutes (sometimes seconds) after turning the appliance on. i tried to keep the button down with tape until cooked. after a week, the rice cooker stopped turning on altogether...i wondered for half a second: is it really worth returning it under the warranty, spending some $15 for shipping it to cuisinart, and another $15 or so for exchange fees, for the possibility of getting another unit with a deformed pot that might burst/burn/pop/stop working after a few months?..i made my decision as fast as you can say "zojirushi" (i swear i don't work for them, but my previous rice cooker - from zoji - lasted many many years, that is until i accidentally placed it on a hot burner)...i'm happy for the very few customers who got lucky enough to purchase working cookers with pot matching the cover (although i have to say that it's not very nice of them to denigrate those of us who weren't that lucky - yes, we can read instructions and measure rice). ..if you're considering buying this rice cooker, think twice. again, when a product attracts so many bad reviews, you have to wonder...
disappointed.needed a replacement for our zojirushi model nmdc-r18 that we had for approx 10 years.  we enjoyed rice once or twice a week till our old model went on the fritz.  this cuisinart model seemed to offer some nice features with the steaming capability, and was a good price.  however, we found some deficiencies.  most disappointing is the texture of the rice - not soft and sticky like we would like.  also, the bottom layer of rice is crispy immediately, and if left to warm even fifteen or twenty minutes its brown.  another problem is that once the unit begins cooking, the lid handle is too hot "to handle".  you need a hot pad to take the lid off. after using this model twice we are returning it and going back to the zojirushi brand
doesn't stay hot long enough.i got this item and was very excited, the features looked great. cordless, you can take the tank off, nice case, etc. ..i also had an expatiation that i would be able to use the iron to iron 1 piece of garment such as a shirt, to my big surprise this wasn't true. the iron stays hot enough to iron one slave only, if you continue ironing without re-heat the results are not very good. ..the iron worked fine on garments that don't require high heat such a sweater
big disappointment.the iron did not work so i had to return it. now i am being credited the amount less shippping cost. this means that i have to pay shipping twice for a defective item. this is just not acceptable and will be my lkast purchase at amazon.com....regards..flemming jense
get the food grinder if you have to and forget the extras, not worth the $$.okay, i listened to the positive reviews on here, and ended up returning this accessory set.   the attachments are virtually worthless if you have a food processor, and i could recommend several under the cost of this package that could do a much better job.  also, the design is awkward, and prevents you from using these attachments easily or quickly.  the time it took to attach the stuff wasn't worth it, if you have any alternative (even a knife!). plus you still have to cut things in order to feed them through the opening.  ..i give it two stars only because it has the food grinder.  the food grinder was well constructed and i would consider that as a sole purchase if i was an avid meat eater!  this set is simply not worth the money and is not highly-functional in design.  i returned it
they just increased the price.it's 54.99 in last week, i'll wait till the price drop bac
mine only came with 1 of the 4 protective feet pads.i like the size  and its a nice product, but it was apparently just tossed in a box because 3 of the 4 white protective foot pads where missing and there was no tape or packaging protection to prevent them from falling off.they where not glue on, the 1 was just stuck on so the missing 3 could easily have falling off prior to shipping and i feel that promoting the product stating protective feet in the title is very misleading.......
product is fine,to bad amazon survice isnt.like the product, but amazon screwed me out of the 30 dollar bonus for signing of for their card, they have sent me through more hoops than dumbo to try and get my money
things stick!.i have tried to follow the cuisinart instructions but things like eggs, pancakes, and steaks all stick to the cooking surfaces regardless of heat level and coating with cooking oil.  i would not buy this set again.  sorry for the negative review but i am not happy with this purchase.  i recently bought other "non-stick" skillets to cook things like pancakes...
cuisinart customer service (????).do not expect to get any sympathy from cuisinart customer service (????) if you have a defective pan, as we did. their refusal to swap out a factory defective pan for a new one has caused us to never purchase anything from cuisinart again, and to let other, potential customers, know about their lack of support for us customers.  buyer beware!!!!!!!
too much effort!.true, i am not a gourmet cook; however, i doubt that many buyers really are.  these disks fall in the category of too much work for the outcome.  although i love my cuisinart and use it for nearly everything, these quot;gadgetsquot; as i call them are simply too much hassle--installing, using, cleaning!--for everyday use.  for garnishes, you can probably find smaller, cheaper tools to use and store.  for cooking, my attitude is quot;who caresquot; what size and shape your food is?  in summary, you really must have a need to spend money to put these on your kitchen quot;wish listquot;
avoid this slow cooker.my wife and i have enjoyed all the other cuisinart products so when we were looking for a replacement for our old rival crock pot we decided we wanted this one. bad idea. since getting it shortly after christmas we have used it a sum total of one time. why ? because the ceramic cooking pot cracked on the first use even though we followed all the cooking and cleaning directions in the manual. it might have even been cracked from the get go. so we tried to get a replacement but they were back ordered for a month. so after a month we figured we'd get the new pot. no such luck, we were notified again that the pot would not be in stock for another thirty days. that would indicate to me a problem with these ceramic pots. so we are returning this slow cooker, our old rival still works like a charm
chipped -- replacing part.i'm replacing the original- on which the enamel chipped after 2 years light use.  no metal or hard objects came in contact and i am very unhappy with the kitchen aid quality.  however, this is the only choice now.  it would be better if they made the dough hook from stainless steel.  .i have the artisan stand mixer, but next time would purchase a different brand.  this hook is difficult to remove from mixer head and no fun to clean.
disappointed.the strainer broke off from the handle.....i am surprised and disappointed with this produc
beautiful but dangerous: buy for display use only.the fiestaware scarlet mugs are beautiful but dangerous.  the handle is much too small for this size mug.  if you can get your finger through the small hole, your finger will soon be as scarlet as the fiestaware.  the first and only time my family used these mugs, two of us burned ourselves.  ..fiestaware really screwed up on this one, a shame given the beauty of the scarlet fiestaware
leaks all over.as with the other reviewer, this iron leaked uncontrollably.  it leaked whether horizontal or vertical.  it leaks from the bottom and even where you retract the cord.  this is the worse iron we have ever bought.  we are trying to return ours
junk.featured item is smaller than appears in photo.item appears to be heavy duty steel or like material. rack is nothing like appearance - this item is very chaeply made. very flimsy
i do not like being lied to!.i purchased this product in a retail store. the packaging clearly states it is dishwasher safe. then after you unpack it, and read that if you put it in the dishwasher you void the ten year warranty! do not make the same mistake i did, avoid this product
not what i thought it would be.i ordered this comforter set because i liked the colors and it was a great price, after receiving my order, i found out why it was so inexpensive. the colors look much brighter on my computer monitor than they do on the actual comforter. it doesn't look bad, just not what i expected. i've had it for about two weeks now and i haven't had any problems with it tearing or coming apart in anyway but i guess i'll have to wait and see
price isn't everything.against my better judgment, i bought one of these, attracted by the low price and the fact that it was the only model available at the time.  what a waste.  the blade is so high above the base of the jar that you cannot produce a fine grind without shaking the unit while grinding.  also, the bowl is too small to grind enough beans for even my small 4-cup machine.  finally, as if to add insult to injury, proctor silex designed the unit to be very difficult to clean.  what a mess!  you're much better off to spend the $20 or $30 to get a grinder that actually works.  look for all the features that proctor silex chose to omit from their grinder and you should make a pretty favorable purchase.  i'd like to give my proctor silex coffee mill to a charity thrift store, but i don't want to offend anybody.  i rated this as 1 star simply because a 0 star rating wasn't available
nonstick coating melt after 5 months.first thing, it's not real hard-anodized. .the 2nd thing is that the nonstick coating is so poor quality...my wift used it to cook noodle some time for my baby, but last month some day, i found the nonstick coating is already melted!..stay away from cuisinart
false advertising.this item is not madie in england.  this item is made is malaysia
so quite it doesn't work..i gave this product one star since it was delivered on time and in the correct color.  after reading all the included reading material, i carefully cleaned every piece and attempted to turn the processor on, and nothing happened.  you could imagine my disappointment knowing my cheesecake might not be made that day.  immediately i called kitchen aid customer service who prommised to send out a new machine within 7-10 working days.  it is getting close to the 10 day mark.  i really wanted that cheesecake.  coming from the manufacturer i am optimistic it will arrive in working condition
great for potato chips!.a good quiet machine, easy to clean but the slicing disc is only good for potato chips. the 2mm blade is the only one available for it and too thin for most applications. i called customer service and they said maybe by the end of the year!! read the other reviews and you will see they haven't done a thing to accomodate accessories. if you need versatility, don't waste your money on it. i should have bought cuisinart, at least they have a selection of accessories.
doesn't  vacuum seal very well.i recieved the foodsaver vaccuum seal system as a gift along with two 11" continous roll bags.  they worked great but were kind of big for some of the food that i was trying to vacuum and seal so i bought the premade package of 48 quart size bags.  i have had nothing but issues with those bags since i got them.  they will not vacuum and seal correctly.  when i make my own bag with the continious roll material the vacuum and seal works great but not with the quart bags.  even when i have tried both types on the same night, the continious self made bag works the quart bag does not.  the vacuum system works well but the quart bags do not.  they look and feel like they are made from the same material.  the only difference is that the quart bags are about half the width of the 11" bags and they don't stretch across the whole vacuum seal area like the 11" bags do but the manufacturer does mark-off where the optimum vacuum seal area is so you can make sure your bag covers that area and the quart bag does stretch across that area but still will not vacuum and seal.  i am just going to buy the 11" roll and make my own bags
not that great.i expected more from kitchen aid. they are ok but not as non stick or as heavy as i was expecting. the pans i tossed out were about 10 years old with little non stick surface left but were almost as non stick as this new set of kitchen aid. my old set was probably twice as thick and heavy. love my kitchen aid mixer. i dont think i would buy another set. i would recomend going to a store and seeing this item in person before you buy and, everybody is right. it comes in the mail in the kitchen aid box for everybody to see.
doorstop.on my counter there are 3 appliances: a 50s era streamlined chrome ge toaster, still works like the day it was new; a 70s ge toaster oven with fake wood grain, not as cool looking but still works perfect; and last this krups espresso machine, it never worked right, agonizingly slow, i thought perhaps it was just my inexperience, i did all the  cleaning, descaling as advised, now after barely a year the pump makes groaning noises and nothing comes out, i'm thinking with its rubber feet and ample weight it may make a good doorstop
frustrating.i purchased this item for my husband for his birthday in june 2004.  it worked fine for about 3 months, but often would produce only dripping espresso.  after 1 year and 2 months, the pump gave out completely.  we almost tossed it; however, i decided to take it apart one day.  to do this i needed 2 special torq security screw drivers (they only cost about $3 each at a hardware store).  once i had these tools, it was easy to take apart.  i replaced my pump by myself for $49 and it's working better than it ever has(don't bother trying to get the pump directly from krups...their customer service is horrible.  i got it online from one of the authorized service representatives and it took about 3 weeks to arrive).  ..anyway...a couple of things to remember when using this item:.--you must let it warm up properly.  because i have well water that is very cold, i found that it is best to use lukewarm water or heat the machine up on the setting you would use if you were steaming the milk. particularly when using the 2 cup filter basket..--definitely clean it at least once a month.  i used a cleaner designed for coffee makers..--do not grind the coffee too fine.  espresso grind by itself causes it to drip slowly and will drive you crazy.  use a fine grind.  i've even gone so far as to mix a little coarse grind with espresso or fine grind.  for perfectionists, it may compromise the flavor a little but will save you a great deal of frustration..good luck!
trouble in paradise.... need help fast!!!.so we received the krups novo 3000 espresso maker as a wedding gift. we put it on our gift registry because we liked its size and the easy cleanup and we knew and liked the krups brand name..the machine makes great espresso but when it comes to steaming/frothing the milk, it is way under par! i don't know if i have a faulty steam valve or what, but when i place my milk pitcher underneath the steamer and push the button to warm the milk things appear normal. the orange light goes on but the milk does not warm. it is still cold to the touch at this point. so the orange button turns off and then i switch it to the froth mode, and instead of the milk steaming, steam escapes from where the espresso drips and the steam escapes from everywhere except where it should be coming from. what am i doing wrong or do i have a broken machine? i need serious help. this is the ony website where i've found reviews and the product wasn't even listed on the krups website. another thing is that the product manual is not so helpful and unfortunately i haven't found any better instructions on the website on how to use it and tips and troubleshooting. i am so frustrated, i wanted to throw my espresso maker out the window!! any advice would be greatly appreciated.
bamboo is better.....i ordered this set, especially because i liked the *look* of the stainless steel chopstics.  unfortunately, they are completely non-functional.  bamboo chopstick have texture and help to grip the food.  after a few ridiculous attempts with sushi and these, we had to get rid of this slippery innovation and go back to our original bamboo..
doesn't last long....while it lasts, this is a very good steamer.  however, after only about 4 months of less than weekly use, one of the three soldered support posts simply came off in my dishwasher...were it not for the evident shoddiness of its construction, i would rate this item higher.  as it is, i am left with no recourse but to discard it (it's not worth the time and effort to try and return).  i can only hope to find a better quality, similar item or buy a more expensive, dedicated steamer.
even toasting, for lots of toasting at one time look at others.this toaster does toast evenly as promised, but i find that if i want to toast lots of bread i have to wait for it to cool down to put my next 2 slices in. the bread will not stay down if the toaster is still hot. has anyone else seen this? i wouldn't buy this model again unless i was single. for a family, buy a 4 slot toaster
disappointing.it looks nice.  it does not toast very evenly, typically get one edge burned another not toasted.
very attractive but didnt last long!.i bought this cake taker in a set that came with a rose bundt pan and i have used it a handful of times...i love the way it looks and since i usually take the cake to family or friends..i always come home with no cake to spare...so its not freshness that i am most concerned about...the acrylic seemed pretty sturdy but just the same..it cracked..and i hand wash and didnt drop it...i suspect a warm cake must have done it...none the less since i didnt have a receipt..no store will exchange it..waste of good money!..very disappointing since i have a lot of nordic ware products and love them all
looks great but cracks too easily.like several other reviews, mine cracked for the second cake i stored in it.  sounds like that is the norm for this product rather than an exception.  unfortunately, i haven't found another product as attractive in a durable plastic
not really worth it at all....first order arrived cracked and broken. as amazon always does: they provided a quick replacement. ..well, this replacement lasted all of two cakes. it split on the base and cracked. it now resides in the local landfill
unfortunate.the blender ceased to function after three uses.  very disappointed with the quality of the blender
if you want a non-stick wok....  not this one.calphalon is very tricky!  just try fry an egg on it and you will see what i mean.  calphalon deceptively do not mention this sticky feature in their description.  if you take a typhoon carbon steel wok to compare with this one, the only thing the $160 wok can do better is to stick more on the bottom.  if you call them, their cs will send you a dvd to tell you how to use their wok (pure pr bs not helping at all, wok still sticks).  they will tell you that they cannot do anything for you.   ..however, they also have a non-stick version of this wok.  if you still like to spend heftily on the cookware, non-stick should be more proper. make sure they spell out non-stick...bottom line: don't buy this series for non-stick feature.  it just can't make it.  i really think they ought to recall it.
super-sticky wok.from the reviews, i thought this should be the one i want, so i ordered it from amazon.  but it turned to be super sticky, especially for the meat. i have to use a lot of oil, and the meat will still stick on the surface immediately.  i don't remember i had ever used any woks as sticky as this one.
waste of money.i bought a product from calphalon commerical non-stick product line and it was great, so i thought the new calphalon one should have better quality as they are promoted. it turned out to be a big mistake. i used the product once and it was discolored, besides the cleanup is not as easy as the non-stick edition. i decided to return it right away
never get unseasoned!.never buy an unseasoned castiron pot! what a rusty, sticky, disaster! baking it with oil as direction say did not do anything, and really, it is just a waste of money. you would not eat out of a pot that looks this way
more like "formless blob" bundt pan.i bought this in a store, basing my purchase on the picture on the label.  the cake on the packaging wasn't baked in this pan -it was baked in the more expensive cast aluminum pan.  i find this dishonest, and it was definitely a waste of money
save your money and buy the cast alum.  rose cake..although it may look like the cast aluminum one, it is not.  the lines are not as defined in this pan and the cake that comes out of this pan looks hardly like a rose.  spent a little more and get real thing.
you get what you pay for.this is a terrible fryer for just about anything.  without a lid, splatter screen or basket, it makes a mess of both the kitchen and your food
unpleased.it was a lot smller than i thought it would be but it cooks very small batches of food it would be perfect for a couple or a single person not a big family
a piece of junk.this blender lasted less than a week for me.  the motor burned up and all i did was make some juice mixes for my morning breakfast.  didnt even get a chance to use the food processor.  i do not recommend this thing to anyone
hamilton beach food processor.this machine works well for it's size but it is too loud. i have to hold my ears when using it. do not buy if you need to do a lot of processing at one time, as the machine gets real hot and starts to smell. go easy
kindergarden cake crafts.i don't like to bake, but a few times a year, when i feel the romance meter in my marriage is dropping, i pull out all the stops and open a cake mix from the grocery store. i simply add the proper ingredients and bake up a "love cake". my wife is a very romantic person, so the shape or taste of the cake doesn't matter, so she says. "it's just the thought!", she squeals. (lucky for me). but, when i saw these cake stencils, i thought my troubles were over. now, i could jazz up my pathetic gift by sprinkling sugar or cocoa over the cake through the stencil. that is,if i could get them out of the box without shredding! popping the stencils out by hand was a total failure and after 4 hours in my garage "shop", using any specialized tools i could get my hands on, the project, as well as the designs were scrapped. the plastic is cheap and the stencils are immpossible to open without tearing. as far as reuse, not with the blood drops still remaining from the paper cuts i received during the "easy preparation". the designs are amateurish and this is one time my wife's love of childish crafts would lose out to her question of, "you didn't pay for these did you"? i'll still give her my silly little gifts of love, but at least i won't have to apologize for someone else's artwork, artwork i paid [money] for! besides, i think she likes my little scribbles and thinks they are kind of cute. bruce han
too flat  too hard.these pillows were too flat and the centers too hard for my taste. i pefer the more conventional style with softer fills and higher fluff.
very dissapointed.can't believe the claimed $80 original price. my $5 pillow from walmart is much more comfortable than this. i was a little bit shocked when i first saw the slab of hard foam inside the pillow. totally have no idea why people has such a 'stupid' design (sorry, i have to use this word). i strongly suggest the designers use the pillow by themselves before they sell out the products.
in addition...i would like to mential, also, that without that terribly uncomfortable and useless slab of foam in the middle the "gel" material is very comfortable.  the problem with taking it out and using it is that they just don't put enough of it in.  they would need at least 2 x and maybe even 3 x as much of that material.  i had to fold it in half to double the thickness in order to be comfortable.  i must say that if this company took out that crappy foam insert and put more gel in this would be the most comfortable pillow i've ever had and would earn 5 stars.  i hope lcm home reads this cos i would definitely buy it
stiff neck  terribly uncomfortable.these pillows were uncomfortable and after the first night i had a stiff neck and it was painful turning it.  i find it annoying that they have the gall to claim an $80 suggested price with a 69% off for a sales price of $30.  the hard slab of foam in the middle of the pillow is the most idiotic design i've ever seen; they should just fill it up with rocks instead.  i honestly have no clue what the designers were thinking.  i want them to sleep on these pillows for a whole week as a punishment (i'm being facetious).  i must say, however, that the "gel" like material is very comfortable when you take out that hard slab of foam.  the problem is that there is not enough of the gel material and the pillow is way too thin.  this pillow would be amazing and worth the $$ if they put 2 1/2 - 3 x as much of the gel and got rid of that hard foam.  i like the pillow i got at bj's wholesale club for under 5 dollars far better than this.  don't buy this unless they redesign it; i doubt they will but it's worth a try
good while it lasted.i loved our panini grill.  unfortunately it lasted for less than 3 months and as it was a gift they didn't honor the warranty (no proof of purchase).  for the few weeks it worked it was great.  but overall, not worth the money because you'll have to replace it in 3 months.
do not buy this - it breaks!.this worked great...for 12 uses! we have not had this for a month.  i went to use it for lunch, plugged it, warm up light went off, put sandwich in and in a minute or two no power.  the outlet has power.  i let it cool for an hour and tried it in 3  different outlets - nothing!  do not buy this piece of krup! .if you have to, buy extened warranty.  i did after reading the other reviews like mine, i hedged my bet and got 1 yr warranty -going back today! go ahead and read the many reviews like mine- ahhh!..do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this!do not buy this!  do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this!  do not buy this!  do not buy this!  do not buy this! do not buy this!  do not buy this!..frit
don't be tempted! just purchase a squirt bottle....i made this purchase prior to possessing a good understanding of how bread utilizes steam. had i been in possession of such basic instruction, i would have known that bread does not benefit from the steam action intrinsic to a sassafras baker. ..the exaggerated publicity surrounding sassafras bakers appeals to our predilection towards finding a simple solution to successful artisan baking. at least that was my purchase motivation.  inexperienced bakers do not often possess the foundational understanding that breads only benefit from steam during the first third of the cooking cycle...$40,000.00 commercial steam injected deck ovens are designed to offer the optimum bread-baking environment. professional bakers inject steam prior to loading to provide a moist environment to loaves entering the oven. they typically receive two seconds, to six seconds of additional steam after entering the baking chamber. during the early stages of baking, there is a rapid increase in enzymatic activity on the surface of the bread. these enzymes break down the starches in the dough into dextrins and other simple sugars, these elements eventually contribute to the color of the crust. ..a properly steamed oven promotes crust with a good sheen. steam in the first cycle of baking gelatinizes the starches on the surface, providing good sheen. then as the crust develops, commercial bakers actually open the vents during the final cycle to remove the moisture, producing a thin, crunchy crust typical of a good artisan loaf...a sassafras baker completely reverses this steam protocol and delivers its steamy death-punch at the end of the cooking cycle when crust has already developed, sealed the loaf, and commercial ovens designed to remove the moisture that is a detrimental factor to good volume and a quality crust. a cold loaf, inside a room temperature clay baker is incapable of producing the environment demanded for optimum bread-baking chemistry. steam will not begin in a clay baker until well beyond the first third of the baking cycle when it benefits the loaf.  ..i have found sassafras clay products suffer two other flaws as well. they are quite subject to thermal shock and break on a dime. this is not helpful in artisan bread baking techniques that often require a retarding phase in a refrigerated environment.  a baker could potentially switch their retarding phase to bulk fermentation to accommodate the sassafras' glaring shortcoming, but why own one if they will not perform under normal bread baking procedures? ..the last complaint is the design of the baker. it is likely the most unattractively shaped vessel in my kitchen. the base produces a loaf of ignoble character. it really turns out bread with an odious profile that betrays a classic batard, banneton, or baguette...for half the cost of a sassafras baker, and a lifetime of spectacular artisan bread --- i recommend instead the purchase of jeffrey hamelman's book titled, "bread: a baker's book of techniques and recipes" (hardcover) it will provide the reader with the baking skills to consistently produce professional loaves that do not require the service of sassafras. - never!
wrong thing sent.i ordered a round covered baker and got a rectangular one.  i sent it back and was charged because 'the mistake was mine'.  rather annoying
results ok.i live in brooklyn, and artisinal breads could not be hotter now.  i do all of my cooking from scratch, including hand rolling pastas, whipping cream with a wisk, etc.  i thought this clay would make up for my non "professional" oven.  you can make better baguettes (which i thought was french bread) by turning your oven up to 500 degrees with a metal pan in the bottom and letting it get hot.  then mold dough into shape and score dough to put on rack over heated pan.  fill this pan with hot water and mist the sides of your oven, every two minutes for ten minutes.  take water pan out and reduce temperature to 400 for 15-25 minutes depending on preference/altitude etc.  this pan makes the final rise easy, and the bread is decent; but you won't be wearing a barret and whistling "gigi" since the result is a crispy bread which looks more like something from a california kitchen
very high maintenance.i like to steam my veggies and that destroys the seasoning. very high maintenance wok! heats up only at the bottom. rusts easily and evrything i cook turns black beacuse of reacting with the caron steel
very disappointed.i purchased this wok based on other people's review, expectinng it to be a fairly nice product. however, i was very disappointed with it after using it. it's way too heavy for a woman to lift it with a single hand. after just first use, the wok became black and sticky. i should have purchased an iron  wok, instead of a carbon steel one
rusty, heavy, sticky.i bought it a month ago, and threw it out already. it was terrible, rusty easily, sticky to foods when cooking, terrible experience. i bought another cast iron wok instead, much better.
ca gourmand.i was not impressed with this purchase. although it does everything it says it does, cut french fries, it is limited by the space in the feed tube. if you've already got the knife out to par down the potato to fit the tube, you might as well just slice your fries yourself. you will get a longer french fry and no wasted clean up. i prefer a fry that is longer than 3 inches which may even be stretching it for the final resulting fry size that you get out of this blade. as with most kitchenaid products it is sturdy and will last, which is why i gave this blade a rating of 2. i have used my blade once and do not forsee it ever seeing the light of day again in my house
broke after 2 uses.these tongs seemed like a good deal when i bought them but after 2 uses the spring popped out and cut my finger...i've had luck with oxo in the past but this experience was awful...amazon gave me a full refund but it was still disappointing and a hassle.  next pair will be from a store
disappointing.we used this item a few times at home. it gives out a terrible smell. we could not use it inside the house. then we used it a couple of times in the backyard. however it is so inconvinient. cleaning is also very difficult. we pretty much never use it anymore. it turned out to be another useless kitchen electronic. ..waste of your money and time. .not recommended
great filtering- terrible pitcher.well, the water's terrific -- but no matter how many times we try to asemble, reassemble and figure out the architecture of the pitcher, the thing leaks when you pour  -- and leaks a lot.  so it's essentially useless.  i wonder what rocket scientist designed such a device.  maybe they can get a job at nasa.
for better or worse?.doesn't anyone else get charcoal residue in the bottom of their pitcher?  i do and so does our neighbor.  i've even made sure to run water thru a new filter more than the recommended number of times.  there is still a fine accumulation of charcoal powder in the bottom of the pitcher.  you can write your name in it.  the company admits to it, but there are even floating chunks of charcoal in the top chamber.  can't they design it so this doesn't happen.  make you wonder if it's better to drink the water straight from the tap
laguiole? la return!.for appreciaters of fine wine and cooking, the name laguiole is legendary.  go to the finest restaurants in paris and order a bottle of good wine.  chances are the waiter will use a handmade corkscrew made in the village of laguiole to open it.  however, fame has bred commercialization and dilution of this famed locale.  this set from sabatier is a major disappointment.  i certainly did not expect the same quality as a hundred dollar bone corkscrew from the village, but the quality of the metal casting is abominable.  the corkscrew does not retract!  and you are expected to just screw and pull!  the bottle opener does not open some caps!  you are better off with a plastic screwpull than this set.  sabatier should be embarrassed
poorly designed.this opener does not work very well.  it's ok, but i definitely do not recommend it
destroyed in transit.i ordered this and waited patiently for a month or so to receive it.  when it came, unfortunately, the whole thing was in little pieces of what used to be dishes.  i don't know the ups guys threw the box around or what, but it was not packed properly either.  i sent it back and asked for another one, and it was even worse the second time around.  i didnt even have to open the box because it just sounded like sand in there.  i wouldnt waste my time on this kind of item from amazon ever again
set doesn't live up to kitchenaid standards..i got a set just like this as a christmas gift two years ago. i'm a fan of kitchenaid, and i have a lot of appliances and gadgets from them, but this particular set was a disappointment... maybe i just got a "lemon"...within less than 6 months of use the nonstick coating on both pans started to chip off, forming a couple of unsightly "holes" on the surface of the pans, leaving me wondering if my family is ingesting tiny pieces of that coating with pancakes and omelets... the pans have never gone in the dishwasher (even though it says "dishwasher safe"), and i only use wooden and silicone spatulas with them. i ended up throwing the two pans away shortly after, since i didn't have a receipt or keep the warranty paperwork for it. the saut pan, while still in use and with the nonstick coating intact, got warped after about a year, balancing itself on one middle point on my flat top range... on the positive side, the pots are still fine, but i don't use them much, the handles are very comfortable and the color adds to a cheerful kitchen...bottom line, it's a nice "pretty" set, but if you plan to actually cook in it, i would not recommend it based on the experience i had with it.
more rings per package.the o-rings we ordered came in individual packages.  the rings should be packaged in numbers of three or ten.  the rings are light in weight, but still requires the minimal shipping fee because of the weight of the packaging.  even in numbers of 10, the shipping fee should be the same, because of less excess packing materials
hard anodize gone after only one use!.i purchased one of these "hard anodized" pots last week and used it once to boil some green beans.  to my amazement, the dark grey finish on the inside dissolved and is completely gone leaving only bare silver-colored aluminum!what a cheap, phony product
not as good as i thought it would be.bought this stockpot with a lot of expectations. i used it for the first time to make soup, and there were scratches all over the bottom. i even used a wooden ladle instead of a metal utensil. i expect quality from cuisinart cookware and also from quantanium non-stick coatings. i also expected it to be heavier
not flannel, color on one side only..if you are familiar with flannel sheets (we have used them for more than ten years) and you are considering these, do not buy them. they were very stiff out of the package, so i washed them using a fabric softener and added a bounce sheet to the dryer. they were still stiff, with no fuzz to speak of. no way am i going to be sleeping on these. save your money and try a different brand. they are also the first sheets i have ever seen that are color printed on one side and white on the other.  these would not be a deal at half the price
the one pot that does all.i had owned cast iron before, and wasn't happy with having to clean it.  the pre-seasoned dutch over was easy to clean (i have made chilie beans).the food turns out great, from chile to roast to chicken.  i love my new pot
nice design, faulty manufacture.i'm normally a fan of oxo products and own many of their gadgets. these measuring cups are the first problem product i've had from oxo...both the 2 cup and 4 cup sizes cracked on the bottom of the cup, right at the plastic injection point (that little circle with the tiny bump in the center of it), and they both now leak at the crack. these cracks developed very soon after i bought them, and i only ever washed them in on the top rack of the dishwasher. because of the design of the cups, it's kinda annoying to wash them by hand - and they're not great for measuring dry ingredients for the same reason. so mine have gone into the garbage can, replaced by the kitchenaid cups of similar appearance (although without the handy interior measuring marks). my advice, keep your receipt if you buy these. or skip them and get the kitchenaid, which have a non-slip rubber ring on the bottom, another nice feature. and they won't crack in the dishwasher
great at first, but doesn't last.we got these for xmas last year. they were great, for about 9 months. at that point they started to spider crack on the bottom, and shortly after they started to leak. i expect more from oxo
tip broke off!.i noticed that the tip had broken off while washing it after 2 months of use.  henckels makes a great knife but be advised--this is not a good knife.  good henckels knives are made in japan or germany.  this knife is made in thailand.  could that be the difference
tip broke 1st time i used it.usually i love henkel, but this one i must say, the tip bent while in the sink the first time i washed it and when i tried to straighten it - it just plain broke off
it works...just not so well.the holes in this grater are set too far apart and make it very difficult to grate something as simple as a carrot.  it gets the job done...eventually but it's definately not easy.  no real complaints for the cheese grating quality though...it seems to work ok for that area
hot handles.i bought this product last week. the interior/outerior surfaces are all good: non-stick, heating fast and easy to clean. however, the steel handels are terrible. it got hot after 5 mins cooking even the temperature is set very low. you can not hold it at all. from their discription, it should be phenolic. when i called circulon's customer service, they said the steel handels are just like that: it will trnasfer heat. then why it claimed to be phenolic? so the pan is useless at all, unless your hand/fingers are heat-resistant!!
dangerous machine. knife spins with cap off..the braun ksm2 coffee grinder is a very dangerous appliance.  my wife just got her fingers chopped up while removing the lid, after grinding some coffee beans.  she is in the hospital as i type this.  i hope it is only stitches.  the problem is that the rotating blades still strongly spin after the top cap is removed.  very, very dangerous and it should be taken off the market
looks awesome!  not sure i get the performance difference....for years i have used the calphalon stainless pans (i think they are named try-ply)... they have the aluminum core all the way up the sides.  regardless, i thought i should take the step up to "the best."..i'm not sure i get the difference... ..they look incredible!  i have always loved the classic cookware shapes (i almost gagged when i saw this "toss-and-turn" pan advertised from a budget cookware maker... but i digress).  i have always followed the directions of warm over medium heat, never use cooking sprays, don't submerge hot pans in cold water, etc.  i also never used the diswasher to wash my pans before (a little clean up to take care of an investment is okay with me)...all the things i used to cook in my old try-ply stainless cooked great in the all clad:  the really delcate sauces are a litte different becasue the other pans i had heated up quicker, but nothing i couldn't get used to.  great visibility on changing colors and a little olive oil almost negates the need for nonstick (sans overeasy eggs).  really some great cookware, but i don't get it... maybe becasue i've never been a brand name guy...all-in-all an awesome looking and performing line of cookware, but i don't think it's worth it to pay twice as much for the same performance.  i know a lot of people like the name, and that's what got me in, but i really didn't experience anything to show me it was worth it.  overall, it may be that i still am a die-hard calph one user for most of my cooking and i use stainless for things i need (changing colors of sauces, etc.), so you may have to take this into consideration with your cooking style.
dont  waste penny on this product!."i don't like it at all, it doesnt work well, lets nearly no air out and doesn't clean anything...maybe it'll clean some air if you let it work for a day or two... bad.." .dont buy it you'll regret....p.s.1 star because there is no 0 selection..
doesn't work.consumer reports tested sharper image's elctrostatic air cleaners and found they did almost nothing.  you are much better off buying a hepa filter based product though electrostatic filters with fans work okay
wypiwyg.what u pay is what u get :( dont waste even 30 bucks on this.
not worth buying.this set looks gr8 only in the foto. in reality, it has a very dull look. not worth buying. i got 2 queen sets and greatly disappointed with this purchase from amazon! price is cheap, so is the quality of the comforter set!
there was nothing lower than 1 star.the stainless stand, which looks sturdy, shiny and nice in the photo, is flimsy and cheap. in fact, it downright wobbles under the weight of the glass dome so you have to pray that dessert doesn't slip off every time you lift the dome or worse that the glass dome doesn't slide off.  very disappointed at such awful quality -- the stand almost dented when i tried to adjust it to stop the wobbling. do not buy unless you like wobbly platters and potential dinner mishaps, like, dessert on the floor. initially i thought i would keep the dome which i like but 34 bucks is too much to pay for just a glass dome.  i am sending this ugly and useless baby back. .fyi: the stand needed to be assembled and is basically the flat surface that gets screwed onto the pedestal. no amount of heavenly adjustment will stablize the stand
terrible.i purchased this blanket because i loved the color.  that is the only thing it has going for it.  there were feathers all over the place and i keep finding random ones in rooms on different floors!  it is now stored in an airtight bag because i can't toss it- i paid good money for it
i don't recommend this kitchen range..i really do not understand all the fuss about this range, .i can only assume that because these rather silly pots and pans have a french name that people somehow equate that with cuisine quality. i received a casserole as a gift, which was lovely, they look good and have a snob value and cache. . but they are truly awful! they dry out food too quickly, they are pure evil to try and clean and they are ridiculously heavy! you could give yourself a hernia hauling one out of the oven.. my advice is forget the hype and stay practical in the kitchen!.incidently, mine is used as heavy and special occassion only, tureen; a lot of money to shell out for a not very practical serving dish
coarseness knob vibrates?!.just received my 're-conditioned' grinder and the control knob for coarseness level vibrates when turned on ....is this normal among other users out there?!    i wouldn't expect this knob to shake/vibrate when turned on (at this price and touted level of quality).
not as promised.the rack is not actually a five-foot rack. it comes as two separate 2.5' racks. two c-shaped hooks (not permanently attached to either racks) are used to hook the bottom rack to the top rack. it is like a precarious swing set that falls apart at the slightest tremor...also, the top rack is connected to the over-the-door hooks by draping the top rack (with its pencil-thin wire) over two wide hooks. the hooks are not snug nor attached in any way, so the entire contraption slides around on the door. ..i tried to use this equipment in my pantry door to hold spices, bottles, pasta, etc. unfortunately, it was a game every time i opened the door. i never knew what configuration the racks would take when the door opened. the only guarantee was that -- no matter what misshapened form the racks took -- there was bound to be something i had to immediately catch from falling...if you don't intend to use this rack as an over-the-door rack, i think it would be useful as a set of shelves nailed into the wall. otherwise, i do not recommend this over-the-door rack because it's highly unstable
the incredible shrinking shaker!.bought this as a gift for a friend.  am buying a different one as a gift for the same friend.  there is a basic design flaw as most materials shrink when exposed to cold temperatures.  the lid fits into the base of the shaker.  fill it with ice and cold gin and the base shrinks.  thus the lid is stuck.  you have to wait for the ice to melt and the base to warm up in order to pull off the top.  that seriously cuts into the number of martinis one can consume in an evening.  not worth the under twenty bucks price
terrible product.doesn't get hot enough to do any real cooking. each side only draws about 700 watts. eggs stick to the griddle. the thermostat was so loose it was about to fall off. the top was poorly molded and wrinkled and the lift arm was bent. i returned it for a cuisinart which i am perfectly pleased wit
duet of defects.after only one standard use, my blender just quit blending. no smoke, no sparks, no strange ingredients. so i called the cuisinart help line to see what i may have done. the woman i spoke with said that they had received numerous calls from amazon customers about products that didn't work properly...i sent it back and received a replacement. same thing occurred. so i have since received a refund for the blender. which is a shame. i was looking forward to having a powerful blender with the convenience of a small food processor. i'm glad to hear that some folks have had no problems, but this is just a warning so you won't be surprised when this happens to you
great power, flimsey work bowl, poor service.i was really excited about this product and opted to buy the "premier" model over the "duet due to the extra wattage. unfortuately the work bowl for the food processor is not the high quality plastic of my 20+ year old full size cuisinart food processor, and the cover latch broke on the first use! i decided to give it a try anyway, and order a replacement part at my own expense directly from cuisinart (it was back-ordered which should have told me something right there and then). six weeks later, i still have not received the replacement part so am thinking i should return the whole thing. very frustrating experience.
physics of press leaves much to be desired. from a chicano..there's often a construction detail that is left out in manufacturing these. though this thing does press the masa into a disk, it will come out uneven in thickness. if you watch the top plate when you press the masa ball, the top plate will warp or bow as the masa lump resists it in the middle. the tortilla is pinched thinner near the handle. that's one problem. the other problem is the gap between the plates near the hinge. i don't think the manufacturers carefully gauge the gap between the plates nearest the hinge. if the plates actually touch near the hinge area, and they often do, the masa gets extremely pinched to transparency in that area. if this happens along with the warping when pressing, you get a tortilla that is fat in the middle and piched at two edges. viewing it on edge you get a flying saucer shape...five solutions: .1) after pressing, even out the thickness with fingers or rolling pin. it helps if you press slowly, release and press slowly again.  pressing slowly prevents the warping of the top plate creating a more even tortilla. if you press too hard to fast, you risk snapping the handle. .2) reject pliable aluminum and purchase a stiff cast iron one that you inspect visually for a proper gap between the plates near the hinge. .3) acquire a mesquite wood one that is properly gapped near the hinge. if it's not you can always unscrew the hinge and reposition it. pine wood is too soft to stand up to time..4) go back to hand rolling..5) buy packaged sawdust shaped to look like corn tortillas...btw - as a side note, 6 inches for a tortilla is a bit small and really kind of girly man size. maybe they're supposed to mimick tapas proportions from spain. the tiny tortillas are quaint, dainty and authentic size i suppose and yet i think they were meant for four foot high mexicans from the desert mountains. but i'm hungry and i want a manly, american consumer size tortilla the size of texas! in my travels in mexico i remember the little stands that offered these miniscule soft tacos which were okay for finches, sparrows and canaries, but common on - feed me!!! there are 8 inch presses out there and the wooden ones tend to make larger tortillas
disapointment....i'll try another brand..this being my first silicone cookware purchase, i suppose i still knew that not all pans would perform identically or spectacularly. ..that being said, i did put some sort of confidence when i purchased kitchenaid's product rather than the 200 plus "never-heard-of" brands or infomercial brands that have recently sprouted up everywhere. misplaced confidence, as it were. this pan has shown itself to be easily cleaned afterwards, but certainly not non-stick by any stretch of the imagination when it comes to retrieving the baked good.  the brownie doesn't simply "pop" out cheerily and unscatched.  the typical cake residue is left behind just the same as in a mediocre metal cake pan.  so, aside from being able to squeeze it into a cabinet nook, the results i expected from a silicone cake pan just haven't, ahem...panned out...eventually, i will be trying another silicone pan. this time i'll look for a glossier version, and one that isn't made by kitchenaid.
nasty smell, doesn't cook very well.we bought one to cook brownies. we have used it twice. both times the smell in the house was like burning rubber. very harsh. the brownies did not cook very well. they did not cook as well as they do in traditional pans. i had to give this away. i't give it zero stars if that were available since it is unusable. i also did notice that it did not clean very well, but that was the least of our problems
really cool, but doesn't get clean..silicone baking pans are extremely cool. light and flexible, they store easily and don't deform even if you accidentally leave something heavy on them, and you can just peel them off your finished baked good. since they cool down quickly, you can lift them without potholders after ~5 minutes out of the oven. plus, i get that thrilling "the future is now" feeling whenever i use them, and sometimes i bake solely in order to be able to use the pan because it's just so cool...unfortunately, this pan and its sister, the 9x9 cake pan don't get clean --- whatever you bake leaves stains behind. no matter how many times i have soaked them in hot soapy water, put them in the dishwasher, or scrubbed them, there are white splotches from flour that has spilled and brown splotches from cocoa and a shiny oil film. even with the stains, they work perfectly well, but i just try not to let my guests see them since they look somewhat questionable. also, i would be wary of using them with foods with strong flavors like onions or garlic, so that i wouldn't end up with garlic flavored brownies in the future...one reviewer noted that they get clean if you grease them, but i don't think that could prevent the oily film, since the problem there seems to be too much fat, not too little. it's possible that they have improved since i bought them last year, but you may want to look elsewhere to the silicone pans with shiny insides like the roshco
inaccurate.i purchased this as it was top rated by cooks illustrated magazine.  the first use proved that it was wildly inaccurate as compared to 2 other reliable instant read thermometers.  buy stuff like this locally as it is a hassle to exchange via the mail
great invention, poor execution.i bought the taylor wireless digital cooking thermometer with remote pager, model #1474, from amazon in july 2005..it's a marvelous tool and worked wonderfully for a few months. i boasted about the product to my fellow cooks. then, some of the "meat" functions stopped working. however, i used the program function to bypass those problems. this week, 2 months after the warranty expired, the unit all of a sudden  went crazy. no matter what the setting, after a few seconds of operation, the temperature display changes to "high," the timer kicks on and starts counting up, and both the base and remote units start beeping. in other words, the device is now useless. and, yes, i used the reset button but it did not cure the problem..i've only used the thermometer about 20 times and it has never been dropped or otherwise abused. i  note that taylor doesn't offer that model anymore on its website. and, amazon is selling the unit at half price. is that because the whole batch, made in china, is defective? was there a recall that i missed?.as much as i liked the 1474, i don't think i'll risk buying another. at several dollars per use, it's too expensive.
stopped working almost immediately.this thermometer worked well once or twice, and then it quit on me. i'm hoping to return it for something better
get the non-wireless model instead.the wireless remote became defective almost immediately.  i contacted taylor and they said the wireless version was discontinued.  they very nicely sent me the non-wireless version for free.  they also included an instant-read thermometer. ..overall, i'm pleased with taylor as a compnay
non-stick my patootie!.this is one sorry pan.  seems you can't ever get it clean.  nothing comes off.  throwing it out.  only reason i gave it 1 star is that the size was what i wanted.  correct that, the size is what i want.  i owned a similar item previously, and it worked for years without caking up with gunk, but i don't know the brand.  if anyone out there has a good one i'd like to hear about it
dough maybe, ice cream - definately not!.this scoop is attractively made and appears to be of high quality. however, the handle snapped away from the scoop after about a dozen servings and the ice cream wasn't even rock hard. i'd suggest looking at one of the other scoops and pass on this one
it fell apart the first time i tried to use it..this must be the worst ice cream scoop i have ever seen.  it actually fell apart - one of the parts fell off - before i could ever finish scooping the first scoop.  i would advise that you do not waste your time with this one
my toaster experience.i have used this toaster only once and while it has a few great features like wide slots and the ability to push up the  slots when small items are in the toaser i have to say that i do not like it due to the fact that the four little feet on the bottom make it very unsteady.  when pushing down on the lever to toast something, the toaster tips and if it had been hot, i would have gotten burned.
not what i was expecting.when i first opened the packaging, i realized that the stir fry pan was very shallow and is only fit to cook for 2 people. i only wanted a 12" but expected it to be deeper than this. this is just a glorified frying pan. ..this product was made in china, as is a calphalon 10" nonstick pan i bought on amazon as well. the quality of the material doesn't even come close to their counterparts made in the usa, even though it is the exact same item. the nonstick sometimes is either too slippery or doesn't work at all, meaning the food still sticks! this pan is extremely heavy, and overall, doesn't work better than my old wok that i got for $30. ..i thought it was a steal to buy something brand name from amazon at more than half off. in cookware stores, you really do see them advertised for the full price... however, they are usually made in the us and you can tell the difference right away. here it's made in china. you usually get what you paid for, and in this case, too much
krups rice cooker a bust.the krups rice cooker was a huge disappointment. the slower cooker portion was useless--there are no high/low settings, and the manual doesn't indicate a default temperature. it also made horrible rice, and the steamer didn't work, either...a jack of all trades but master of none
a good slow cooker while it lasts.i bought the krups fdh212 based on it's versatility and ability to slow cook and then keep the finished recipes warm.  however, 2 months past the limited 1 year warrenty period, the fdh212 stopped working correctly for slow cooking, shutting off after about 15 minutes into the cooking cycle and going to warmer.  i can say that i haven't abused this machine, and it was rarely used more than 3 times a month over the period of ownership.  i never used it for steaming rice or vegetables, just slow cooking..if you are interested in purchasing the fdh212, be aware that it may not last.  if it does give you more than 2 years of use, consider yourself lucky.  other than that, a very versatile slow cooker that has some pretty good features, except when it is broken..
knives do not cut well..the blades on these knives are badly designed: instead of cutting a steak, it ties to tear it apart, and it does a horrible job at that.  don't waste your money on these knives
pinzon 8-piece stainless steel steak knives.this is a very cheap set of steak knives, in a nice wooden box.  but the knives themselves are "cheap".  they don't slice very well, they feel "cheap" in your hands while holding them.  if it wasn't for the fact that i had purchased these for a gift, and let the return date expire, i would have returned these.  but the receipent of the gift was as dissatisfed with the knives as i was with this.  typical quality that comes out of "china", which was not disclosed in the description of the item before purchasing.
don't waste your money, these are hit or miss at best.i love good italian wine, but try to limit myself to one glass a day for health reasons.  i purchased this gadget at a local wine store and assumed that meant it was useful.  that was a big mistake!  ..this gadget doesn't do anything including seal the wine in the bottle when stored on its side in the wine cellar. some of the time a bottle on its side won't leak, but it is just a likely to leak.  i tried buying another set of stoppers and having my husband seal them as well as myself.  no change made a difference.  sometime they work, and sometime they don't.  ..additionally, when you buy a nice brunello or a super tuscan do you really want to risk it become an expensive bottle of vinegar, i don't...i purchased the wine stoppers for my foodsaver and am much happier with those.  at least they don't leak.  although i do finish the bottle as quickly as possible just to sure
don't let your wife use it.this is the second vac-u-vin i have purchased - the last one at a winery in california. the first one worked great for a couple of months then one day, my wife was using it and it froze up. you couldn't pull it or push it - like it had gasket slip loose inside or something. you can't take them apart to see so we just bought a new one thinking it was defective. this one lasted less than 2 weeks. worked great, the wife tried it one day and poof, it wouldnt push or pull. i won't be buying them again (at least not with this wife).
poor pour.yes, it looks good in my blue kitchen. but the water doesn't pour cleanly out of the spout - it's more like uncontrollable spewing, even when "poured" slowly, and boiling water splashes all over the counter. also very difficult to fully empty. sorry i threw out the box, or i'd send back
handles break easily.the plastic handles can be broken easily and are not strong enough to hold this heavy plastic and bulky holder. i would not recommend
quality control failure ?.i just finished returning the replacement for this cooker from amazon. the first one did not work for anything other than white rice and the second one has an out of control touchpad that spontaneously starts beeping all of a sudden. looks like zojirushi maybe having some quality control issues, according to even the amazon customer service. only saving grace is the fact that amazon has been very good about the return process
they don't function.i hated these shakers. i got them as a gift and 1. they are too big and take up too much space and 2. the rubber stoppers were not a tight fit so the salt and pepper was always leaking out the bottom and 3. the holes in the top are too big and too much comes out at once. finally one broke and i was thrilled to toss them out. the other, smaller fiesta ware ones -- the round ones -- are much much better
had to return it..i'm surprised you requested this review because i returned the item.  they .were just what i wanted, color and all, but when i tried to put the dinner .plates in the dishwasher they only fit if i placed them using two spaces..this reduced the dishwasher capacity.  next problem surfaced when the same.dinner dishes didn't fit in my standard sized kitchen cabinet
wanted to love it.i wanted to love this product but have had defective ones shipped to me. first one the button on one side arrived broken. replacement one had a broken piece which rendered the stopper (where it pours out) worthless. i am very bummed because it would really have filled a need for us
worked well, but....this thing does work pretty well.  blends fine and the dispenser works as advertised.  but the description doesn't tell you the pitchers are made of plastic.  well, that doesn't mean it's that bad, right?  first time in the dishwasher on a regular cycle and it warps just enough so that the lids can't fit anymore.  oh well, time to figure out how to return this thing
back order.i was not told the item was no back order until after the purchase.  seller was very polite when i canceled my order.  very prompt in refund process
broken item.i was dissapointed that this item arrived broken and i needed to send it back for a refund
extremely disappointing!  these knives are utter junk!.i bought a set of these knives recently, trusting in the calphalon name for some assurance of quality.  man oh man, was i ever disappointed!  ..although the knives appear to be generally well constructed and have good edges on them, the so-called "stainless" steel in the blades was of obviously inferior quality.  even with careful handwashing and towel drying, i began to quickly notice rust spots on the blades.  once i made the mistake of leaving one in the sink without washing and drying it immediately (something i can routinely do with all my other knives, from the cheap stuff all the way up to the henckel's four star), and i was shocked at the result.  in that short time i saw substantial rusting, and i don't mean just some mild discoloration.  i mean actual pitting of the steel in a way that i have never seen before in any of my kitchen cutlery...needless to say, i quickly returned the set to the retailer and demanded a refund.  learn from my experience, and don't make the same mistake.  hold out for the henckel's -- there's nothing better on the market
does not fit tramontina ware.greetings, (for future customers).this lid is actually 9 3/8" from inside to inside.  fits well inside a 10" skillet.  is usable, but not satisfactory..farberware should be notified.
incorrectly measured lid.10quot; lid is about 1/2 inch short, and does not stay on rim of 10quot; pan
doesn't work..i've twice called kitchenaid for help on this product, but they can not get it to work. it simply doesn't juice. period
please only post reviews, not sales pitches.delonghi electric coffee grinder dcg39 . i have had reliability issues with delonghi.
ditto (disappointed).i suppose it's my own fault, but i too am disappointed to find that this item is not as versatile as i had thought.  it's not to be used on the range - microwave or oven (oven for tea?) only.  i researched the product on le creuset's site first, but didn't pick up on the fact that their statement concerning suitability for use on stovetops was for their cast iron products, not stoneware.  again, my own fault, but it would have been helpful to have this info. stated explicitly in the product description section.  and how happy am i that i paid extra $$ to have it expedited?  *groan*  that aside, it is a very attractive red, looks good on the table, and does not get too hot to handle out of the microwave
disappointed !.i have ordered several le creuset items, and have always been happy with my purchase.  not so with this teapot.  i cannot use it on my stovetop, according to the warnings posted on the packaging.
came with a chip....i bought the rival ro200 20-qt programmable roaster.  it came with a large chip in the insert pan.  i called rival customer service and they said that all they could do would be to send me out a new unit.  they said i would have to pay to have the old unit shipped back and also pay to have the new unit shipped to me.  this amount is almost 1/2 the amount i had paid for the unit in the first place! ug.  what kind of pride do they hold for their product?
rival qc, is half baked.got this rival ro200 roaster oven from finalcallauction.com , reason for my paying more and getting the rival was cause it had a window. my unit the temperature wouldn't go higher than 326 deg f. i wanted to use it to bake outside in summer heat, gonna be half baked at this temperature. need 400 f for what i want to do. should have bought somewhere else, finalcallauction.com only gives refunds, can't fix or replace. this is the second rival digital thingy i've had to return due to poor quality. i'll come back later and let you know how finalcallauction.com treated this return
poor packaging.just wanted to agree with some of the other reviewers on this item...first order attempt was returned to amazon by ups before i even received it due to damage. after they resent a new set, via 2-day express, it arrived in pieces. i was forced to refuse the delivery and now am stuck with getting another gift in very little time as they cannot send again in time for me to receive for my party. very disappointing...amazon needs to review the packaging of this item...allow plenty of time if you are ordering as a gift
damaged items.i ordered this item along with other items, shipping and handling were not to be added because all items were labeled free shipping if i ordered 25.00 or more, which i did. i have been charged shipping and handling on the two largest items this being one of them. when i received this item the magarita glassed were damanged. i cant get any response from emailing to try and get credited back for the shipping charge and now i have a defected gift that i will have to return
poor product.i felt like the three pans i bought were seconds. they were not good qualit
great idea..bad execution!.i was so excited when i got this senseo machine as a freebie, but was soon disappointed with the results. using its own pods, i found the coffee a bit watery and not as 'steaming hot' as i was used to. then there was the price factor. the pods are pretty expensive compared to regular fresh ground coffee. i bought the mypod container thinking i can get around this but found that the hot water doesn't correctly steep the coffee. it gives me even more watery coffee and sometimes water leaked around the opening onto the counter. so, for the price, i'd say skip this product. i got it for free and was less than satisfied so imagine spending $60 on it.
skillet.deteriorated vwey quickly. inside surface is is no longer "non-stick"!..very disappointed
brushed chrome is chrome colored plastic.the main reason i bought this imersion hand blender was to replace my old one with a plastic body.  i was extremely disapointed when i received my "brushed chrome" blender only to find out the body is chrome colored plastic.  upon reviewing the item description, it does say in the fine print "this brushed chrome smartstick hand blender is made from abs housing".  well in my book chrome is metal and abs is plastic.  the only things i like about this blender are that you can remove the shaft assembly for cleaning and the motor is pretty powerful
cardboard box is better!.this bread keeper is supplied without rubber feet and slides around. has small chips and dents upon opening package. it is flimsy in construction. doesn't keep bread fresh. it is a camouflage only to hide the bread wrapper. this is another case of making something cheap, give a colorful description and charge a lot of money!...simply not worth the cost of shipping..junk
not as long lasting as i would have hoped.we received this pan as a wedding gift 18-months ago. athough it was great initially, it started to lose it's non-stick abilities about 6 months ago, and now is completely useless. i would have expected to get more than 18 months of service out of such an expensive piece of cookware
worst purchase ever made.i really don't like this pan....i have trouble getting bread out every time...i am about ready to throw it awa
bad start!.i'm no newcomer to castiron cookware amp; should've used common sense when it came time to season the cornstick pan.  instead, i followed directions amp; slapped on the crisco.  big mistake!  it didn't seem to 'soak in,' so i rubbed more, heated more.  bottom line is that the crisco simply caked on, turned dark amp; i'll skip the gory details of getting it off. with this introduction, i can hardly wait to try cooking in it!  other castiron instructions say to use oil, heat amp; leave overnight in the oven.  future buyers should go directly to plan b
lodge cast iron cornstick pan.i don't like my pan.  i oiled it like the instructions say to do and it left a bad flavor behind.  now we can taste it everytime we use it.  i have had problems with the cornbread sticking even though i grease the pan
no 1/2 tbsp!.i would buy this set, but it does not include a 1/2 tbsp. very handy when splitting recipies. why don't more manufacturers include this measurement
needs a longer warranty.we were well pleased with this oven until about 6 months after warranty expired, the oven malfunctioned and wouldn't cut off.  i paid too much for this to only use it 18 months.  no more delonghi appliances for me.  i replaced it with a cuisinart, while being smaller, has a 3 year warranty
dimensions.i was ready to buy (i love cuisinart products) but the dtc-975bkn programmable auto brew 12-cup coffeemaker is too tall--my current cuisinart coffeemaker (which is a great machine  still works great) is 14" tall--i would have to shave off 1" on my kitchen cabinet to get it to fit flush against the backsplash area.  i'm not ready to compromise the stability of my cabinets to accommodate this coffeemaker.....drats!!!  i love the idea that the coffee goes directly into a carafe (and is not a grind  brew machine).  maybe i'll check into a smaller version of this--if cuisinart makes one
nice idea, but....the cofee carafe keeps brew hot for hours! i have had 4 spillages and alot of mess to clean up because the filter must be aligned properly or else! i also cannot figure out how to program... one of the most important features for me buying...  i really wish i could send this back
12 cups, but it overflows if you're not careful and died in one year..we bought the cuisinart dtc-975 because it is one of the only 12 cup thermal carafe coffeemakers on the market. the term "cup" is used rather loosely in the coffeemaker world. in the case of the cuisinart it holds 12 - 5 oz cups for a total of 60 oz. the equivalent 10 cup coffeemaker makes 50 oz of coffee, but some 10 cup makers use a 4 oz cup measurement and make only 40 oz. ..the timer works well and is relatively easy to set. because the coffee is never re-heated it tastes great 1st cup to last. the carafe really does keep the coffee hot for several hours, but there's a catch. the flow-threw lid is very tricky to align properly. if you screw it on wrong, and it doesn't fit tight, you end up with 60 oz of coffee all over your counter top. despite my best efforts this happened several times, while we owned this coffeemaker. ..the really bad news is that ours quit working after less than a year. the heating element appears to have burnt out. we are sold on the idea of a thermal carafe coffeemaker and just purchased a zojirushi ec-bd15 as a replacement. will see how that one does, but on principle i would not recommend or buy another cuisinart product, because of their cheap build quality.
watch for defective chargers.i can't complain when the unit works, it does clean; but the auto find home base and related charger are prone to failure.  after owning this puppy for a bit over a year, they new exactly what was wrong.. worst yet no offer to replace  charger... which by the way costs 30% of the entire price.  no arguments with support, just said okay and threw the puppy in the trash.. save your money.. built with cheap components, worst yet they know it!
corn zipper.although the corn zipper works well, it only removes 2 rows of kernels at a time. we find using a knife much easier
knife still works better!!.i tried the corn zipper and think that an old fashioned knife still works better.  with the corn zipper it only cuts one row of corn and a knife you are able to one whole side of the cob and can do it in half the time.  didn't work for me sorry!
it's in the trash after 1st use!   wish 1 could give it -0- stars..i've been looking for a good wok for years. i've had an electric one which wasn't good, and i've had a couple of those ones you find all over, the non-stick round bottom type. it's not just for stir-frying asian food, but for any receipe that requires me to sear the meat  not let it turn watery from all it's juices seaping out.  i did all kinds of homework and everywhere it says that iron pans are the best for that.  i had my hopes real high on this one and used it just a couple of days after it arrived. i preheated the pot for about 15 minutes on the highest flame on my gas stove, used a little oil and the sirloin was cut to 1/4" thinness. i put just a handfull in there, the pieces of meat not touching. i was sure that it was gonna work this time... that it's not going to turn watery in the pot and that it's gonna sear just like all the recommentations say it happens. well, guess what... it turned watery and did not sear at all and was no better than any non-stick wal-mart wok!  ..(...
junk.very disappointed.   i realize complaining about a $30 item may be stupid, but i did pay shipping both ways, so i really lost about $11.00 on the deal!..toaster is horrible.  one side of toast dark to almost burned, the other side normal to not toasted.  bottom of toast lighter than top -- reason for this:  the tongs that "grab" the toast only grab at the top, leaving the bottom to lean to one side causing toast to come out unevenly browned.  have no idea why one side toasts darker than the other.  ..would definitely not recommend this product.  i gave gave it an additional star (would have rated 1 star) just due to it working when plugged in!
broken after less than 6 months!.i purchased this product several months ago.  i was unhappy with it from the start, and now after 6 months of use, the product has broken, and i am shopping for another coffee grinder.  ..it is messy to use, as is listed in other reviews and it does not grind consistently.  you have to open the lid to see if the beans have been ground to your liking.  it creates a lot of static electricity, so the grounds get stuck to the cup and lid.  if you try to tap them out you get grounds all over your counter...most recently, however, it seems something has come loose under the grinding cup.  when in use the grinder makes a loud banging sound as if the blade is loose.  there is no way to tighten the blade, so into the trash it goes.
do not buy this grinder!!!!!!!!!!.i have had inexpensive braun coffee grinders in the past, but decided to splurge on this cuisinart grinder because i wanted a grinder that could hold more beans.  and, hey, cuisinart has a great reputation and the grinder looked good...i should have returned the grinder months ago, when i first purchased it and found that it took much longer to grind beans than any grinder i'd used in the past.  as the months wore on, it seemed to take longer and longer each time; finally, last night, after grinding for several minutes with little success (there were still big coffee bean chunks in there), the grinder started smoking and died...so don't buy it
love cuisinart, but stay away from this one.i have cuisinart all over my kitchen--love the design and quality...but here's what's wrong with this one:..1. grinder is very noise (advertised as quiet).2. when the top lid is removed, excess grinds create a mess.3. nothing automatic here--have to keep checking if grinding is done..rather, highly recommend a much better design--a little more expensive, but worth it: cuisinart dbm-8 supreme grind automatic burr mil
badly made product.i got this grinder for christmas, and now it starts to grind itself.  the base of the cup spins against the plastic base and produces a love burned plastic smell.  i think this item is pretty but poorly designed
pretty but that's about it..it's pretty enough, but the holes in the strainer are really big, which makes loose tea, which it seemed to be designed for, kinda iffy. also, the thick lip makes drinking somewhat difficult.
minimal versatility.i was hoping to use this product as an aide for my children in the kitchen...but have found that it is difficult for even myself to use.  the holder does work well on certain handles but not at all universal.  i have only a few saute pans and the like and two of which are not cool handle.  the holder works well on one but not the other in that there is minimal flexibility with the holder thus requiring you to hold in a specific way making it very difficult to adjust for cooking
a waste of money.a horrible product - cheaply made, and it leaks nonstop! i don't know how they get away with making such a shoddy product.
good concept cheap materials.this is a good concept.  it does make bulky items like blankets and comforters more compact for storage for the winter.  however 2 of the 4 bags we bought didn't hold a vacuum.  the plastic is thin and easily tears.   look for some products for storage once the patent is up and a few companies can make competing products.  as for space bag, this product is a cheaply made loser.  i won't waste my time and money on it again
not as good as it looks.i was very excited to order these since i was reorganizing the house and trying to store things better.  the product looks good on tv and the idea is a good one, but when they actually came i was disappointed.  first of all, the bags are much more flimsy than i expected.  also, the ziploc-like seal on the bag is not very zippy, nor does it lock well.  the little tab they have on the bag is pretty much useless because i had to go in with my hands and close every little bit so that the bag actually closed...it took a while and i had to vacuum seal the bag a couple of times before it was really closed well.  also, the idea that you are really saving space is a false one because you can only store them somewhere that is as big as the bags are...and if you're vacuum sealing sleeping bags or comforters, they are pretty big bags and don't fit easily into most spaces.  all in all, i'll probably keep mine just because it is somewhat helpful and i keep them under the bed anyway so don't need them to fit into tight spaces.  however, if you are looking for serious improvements in storage, i'd say to find another product
explodes on impact.if this bowl falls off a coffee table onto a hardwood floor, it doesn't just break, it detonates into a million super sharp slivers all over the room.  no good for children, old people or disabled people.  other than that, great
get a pur instead.i had a small pur pitcher already and was very happy with it, but i wanted a larger pitcher, so i picked this one up at target. they didn't have any pur pitchers and i assumed the quality was about the same...i was wrong. first off, the design of this particular pitcher is really bad. the lid doesn't fit on very securely; it tries to fall off all the time. also, there is a little indentation that fills with the "bad" water at the top and leaks all over when transporting the pitcher from the sink to the counter. i used it for 1 month and the whole time, the cartridge leaked carbon particles into the top chamber. as for the taste, it was better than the tap, but i could still taste chlorine. it basically tasted like good tap water, but not as pure as i would like it.  so, i'm back to my tiny pur. i have to refill it often, but it tastes better and it doesn't spill when pouring or moving the pitcher
west bend 40053 timer review.this item has a really annoying tone to its beep especially for someone who awakes easily.   it doesn't work as easily as the older model i had.  i don't recommend it at all
good features, bad construction.i have had two of these timers; the features are great, but each stopped working in less than a year.  too bad that the quality does not keep up with the design
durable but shrill.this timer is water resistant, which is nice.  but it's also wobbly against the fridge, has buttons too close together, and is very shrill.
overpriced.this item is not as good as west bends old style triple timer....which i loved....and wore out....the buttons are too small and too close together.....and i saw the same item after i made my purchase at wal-mart for less than 10.00.....one third of the price....i am very disappointed.....
suction?.i am very disappointed in this product.  i think it should be renamed the dirt devil snail.  it has very little suction power, and the hole for the debris to go through is as equally little.  i bought this vac to sit next to the cat litter box, just to pick up the litter that dropped out, and it can't even do that.  it takes less time to walk down the hall, get the regular vacuum out of the closet, drag it back to the cat room, lift it over the child gate, plug it in, etc., than it does to use the dirt devil snail cordless vacuum.  on that note, it is also difficult to replace it on the charger, it feels like it is going to break every time i try.  .if you are looking for a good hand vac, try the black  decker wet/dry dust buster 7.2v.  the black  decker is the way to go!
does not have angled coupler.i bought this set because it said it had a standard coupler and an angled coupler.  the tips would be mostly duplicates.  i really wanted the angled coupler.  i am very disappointed that it said it would have it, and it wasn't there.  i have spent a lot of money on wilton products and will continue to do so.  i suggest that the description be changed asap!!!
used once, going back....most of my pieces are the commercial hard anodized which i love.  i bought this nonstick since i don't roast that often and thought nonstick would be a little easier.  i used it for the first time yesterday for our thanksgiving turkey and it cooked both bird and gravy very well.  during clean up however, i saw that the wire rack contact points had worn through the nonstick coating on both the pan and the rack itself. i use all nylon utensils and cleaning pads. very disappointing..
there are much better silicone bakeware products.we have used silicone baking sheets before, which act as non-stick flexible surface that is easy to clean.  we'd been noticing silicone bakeware more and more, and were interested in the idea of having the silicone non-stick, easy-clean surface combined with the baking pan. so we finally decided to purchase the kitchen-aid mini-muffin pan when i was interested in having a nice non-stick mold for making marshmallows...my only comment on the sled is that it does its job.  we purchased the pan with sled because the cost was only a little higher.  the sled holds the flexible pan well...unfortunately the pan was not the wonderful non-stick surface that i had hoped.  even after dusting with corn starch, the marshmallows did not come out the least bit easy.  now this was a true test, as marshmallows are extremely sticky.  my hopes were a bit high, and it is understandable that this pan failed here...when we used it for making muffins, the muffins came out relatively easy, but not as easy i expected them to come out.   they tasted pretty good though...the real problem came in the cleaning.  we soaked it in hot water, hand-washed it with a sponge and dish-soap and upon drying, there was clearly visible residue from the muffins!  ok, no problem, so we tossed it in the dishwasher (these things are definitely dishwasher safe) and ran it through a standard cycle with dish detergent.  after dishwashing, again, there was muffin residue!  so i scrubbed and scrubbed with the sponge and soap again, but upon drying, there are still traces of residue...what we thought was a wondeful merger of silicone and muffin-pan was not even close.  this product does not compare to those quality silicone-based baking mats, and it is not a good non-stick muffin pan.  i believe there are silicone pan products that may live up to the silicone baking mat's reputation.  if i was brave enough to try again, i'd look for material that was more shiny than this product and made by a producer that has been doing silicone for awhile (e.g. demarle).  so, as before, we now stick with our silpat for cookies, and use a non-stick metal pan for muffins
product not received yet.i was asked to review a product that i still have not received. i guess i will rate it low since i have no objective data to rate the product
hoover detergents are much better.bissell detergents are fine, nothing special.  works ok at best.  seems to leave a residue, carpet is not particularly soft, smell is ok, not bad.  hoover detergent works much better for both my nylon and olefen carptet
adds plastic taste to coffee.this coffeemaker has to be carcinogenic. it adds a strong taste of plastic to  the coffee. most coffeemakers have plastic parts but they do not add a direct plastic taste to the coffee. also, as the coffee brews, a distinct plastic aroma wafts from the coffeemaker into the room.  .i am amazed that krups, a reputable firm, would not realize while evaluating this product, that the plastic was directly leaching into the liquid in the coffeemaker. it is not good if they poison their clientele..do not buy this unless you like your coffee flavored with plastic resins
annoyances outweigh the good.i have owned a number of good coffee makers and have always considered the krups badge to be fairly reliable in making good coffee. when my last coffee maker died (we had a wonderful braun unit for years and it is not made any more, sadly), i went on a quest to find something new. my requirements are, i think, rather simple. first, it must make good coffee. second, i prefer a 12-cup carafe for those times when company is over. that's really only 6 cups when you use an american size mug. third, we wanted programming features. and finally, i prefer a water reservoir that is easy to fill with an indicator on the front of the unit to know how much water has been added. ..after reading the reviews here, i thought that this model would serve my needs. to my great regret, i disregarded the comments by jeff and joker212 about the bubble in the water measure tube and the dribbling pot. i thought these were silly problems that should not be too difficult to overcome...i was wrong. first the sight tube. i am usually making coffee in the early morning hours when it's rather dark in my kitchen. at this hour, it is very hard to see the markings on the carafe, but worse, when i pour in what i think is enough water, the glass tube almost always has a bubble that makes it impossible to know for sure how much water i have poured...much worse -- when you fill your cup, coffee spills all over the counter unless you are extremely slow and careful when you pour. the "no drip spout" description is very false advertising. my wife and i are constantly cleaning coffee off the counter and the floor when we pour a cup. what's worse, you would think that by lifting the cover when you pour (using your thumb to push the tab at the back of the cover) would solve the problem. it does, but then you  burn your thumb. i'm really not kidding. the cover is designed so that steam vents out from under that tab. this is a serious design flaw and very unsafe...after struggling for a couple of weeks with this unit, i'm bringing it back. thank goodness i decided not to throw out the packaging
i do not like being lied to!.i purchased this product line in a retail store. the packaging clearly states it is dishwasher safe. then after you unpack it, and read that if you put it in the dishwasher you void the ten year warranty! do not make the same mistake i did, avoid this product
very disappointed.i was very disappointed with this purchase.  i had an euro-pro steam generator iron for about 5 years and i thought this one would be the same but, after 3 usages, it just died . i am very very disappointed.  i would not recommend this model to any customer
ok.i used it only once ..in first use itself, round brown rust like patch  came up..i wasn't expecting this poor quality from calphalon.after using with oil it cured itself ..it is working fine now. not that much great buy
very poor product.i was initially thrilled with the features of this skillet - the size, the lid, the removeable pan.  but after less than three months of once-a-week use, the non-stick lining started chipping off into our food!  that chemical may be great on a frypan, but it's not great in your digestive system - i was scared to keep using it and threw the whole thing away.  we're so disillusioned with non-stick products that we're going to stop purchasing them, and go back to good old-fashioned cast-iron, which is at least good for you.  anyway, i do not recommend this product
very disappointed.i bought this skillet and at first, it was a dream. unfortunately, i did not see the review about the improper heating of the pan. i too, experienced the middle of the pan becoming discolored and sticking. it is impossible to clean this area. i threw away my money on this product. do not buy.
stopped working.i too absolutely loved this item and would have given it 5 stars, but after using it about 3 times, it just stopped working.  it would heat up to 271 and then readout err.  then just shut off.  i am really upset and hope to be able to get it fixed or exchanged for a working one, but i'm not holding my breath...jea
add me to the disappointed list!.like so many others, i bought my electric skillet in the spring of 2006.  within 30 days, it stopped working...i used it twice.  amazon.com replaced it with another.  however, it, too, stopped working in the middle of a party while making tempura.  ..now even my amazon.com history seems to have disappeared so i can't print a receipt to mail to rival.  guess it wouldn't matter much anyway since somebody else said rival doesn't have a record of this model...amazon.com has always been one of my favorite places to shop.  but with no recourse for an obviously defective product, i doubt i will buy anything else from them again!..very disappointed with rival and amazon.com
wonderful while it worked!.i bought this in april, 2006 and i'm afraid i have to add my voice to the others who say the very same thing...it just stopped working 2 months later! i absolutely love this skillet and am very disappointed! why are there no options for returning an obviously defective product to amazon?! hopefully, this will serve as warning to others who are considering this purchase.
rival skillet.i bought this skillet in march,2006. it worked great at first. it was such a breeze to clean. last week i was making dinner in it and it completely shut off. apparantly the motor burned up or something. because i bought it on line i can not take it back to the store. if i want anything done i have to send it back to rival in california and prepay all shipping charges plus handleing charges. which they don't even say how much to send for this. i am very dissappointed with the whole thing and will think twice about ordering online again
broke after 3rd time.this was a christmas presant for my wife. she used it 2 times after christmas and it broke. after contacting rival, they don't even showed as selling this model
arrived broken - twice.although i've seen this product in stores and it seems very nice, ordering it from amazon is a mistake. there is not enough padding inside the set's box to withstand being shipped, and amazon only put a few pieces of air padding on 2 sides of the box.  after filing a complaint and sending the set back, my replacement set arrived with even less padding and even more shattered pieces. spend a little more and buy it locally to avoid this hassle
absolutely terrible quality.this is a bad product. it was shocking to see that after 2 weeks of regular use, the on-off switch simply broke and fell inside. it is hard to imagine how can anyone design such poor quality - i mean, really, it truly requires a major effort to design something that will break after 2 weeks. also, it raises questions about quality control process of the company. too bad.
plastic.the kettle looks nice until you realize that the front part is made of plastic.  yike!   don't risk your money/health on a plastic kettle.   top quality kettle won't use unsafe material
thin thin thin thin thin.these are substandard thin towels.  they are cheap.  the current price is far too much to pay, and they should be about a buck each...they are terrible in dealing with liquid because they are so thin...i find the pictures here deceptive...there is nothing here that you can't find in your grocery store cheaper.
dissapointed in quality.at the original advertised price of these hand towels, i thought i was getting a super great hand towel at a good price (50% off).  i was very disappointed in the thickness of the towel.  i thought they would be very plush.  the color is very nice, however.
don't buy black towels.these black towels are awful.  i've washed them 4 times and every time i use them to dry off, black fuzz gets all over me.  definately won't buy them again
disappointed.the idea of a thermal carafe sounded good.  this one is very attractive. i didn't realize there was no way to reheat the coffee.  i preheated the carafe with hot water before brewing but it failed to keep the coffee warm thru the second cup. as a result i was constantly pouring out pots of luke warm coffee.  ..i replaced it with a keurig b70 single cup brewer.  although the pod to make a cup of coffee is still priced ridiclously high it is worth it.  every cup is fresh and hot.  each person can select their brand of coffee and there is no clean up or waste
rusty dinnerware.i wish i'd read these reviews before i bought my sister-in-law 12 sets of the fiestaware flatware for christmas.  she washes them in the dishwasher and in less than a month they have started rusting.  ..dishes are great but skip the flatware!
complete junk.two reasons not to buy these. first you have to examine the tops to see if they read "p" or "s". secondly - you can't remove the tops. on my first fill the tops removed easily but that was the first and last time. even with a strap wrench i have not gotten the top off the salt shaker again. who could imagine that any company existed that could not make a salt shaker
2 sets were both defective!.the first set i received looked great, but i could only remove the lid from one of the shakers. i returned that set and received a replacement set, and i couldn't get the lids off of either shaker!..i am now requesting a refund
handle breaks under weight of ingredients.i can't recommend these measuring cups. the handles aren't very strongly attached; shortly after i purchased a set, i was holding the one-cup measuring cup by the handle while it was full of flour, and the cup snapped off and fell to the floor
handles break off easily.loved how these cups function but once placed in the dishwasher 2-3 times,  the handles easily came off.  they seem to just be glued on.  don't  recommend
constructed with cheap material.the two crackers i am afraid that it could break before the lobster or crab..the design on 6 forks i believe it won't make it easy to pick in small cavities
disappointed with past bowl.i am happy with the delivery and the packaging. the bowl looks like it is chipped on the bottom base but upon closer examination has proven to be areas that the paint and glaze did not adhere. the bowl looks chipped though. there is an area on the side of the rounded part of the bowl that is scuffed, as if sand paper was rubbed against the bowl. i am unhappy with the condition but i only paid $11.00 for it. i like the color, even though it doesn't appear professionally painted and glazed. i would opt for something different next time..i would return it but the hassle is not worth my efforts. also, this bowl was supposed to be a gift. i am now faced with the unfortunate dilema of either giving this bowl as a present or shopping for something else. i think 2 stars is a fair rating of this item
really disappointing.when i saw these pasta bowls on sale i just had to get.them.big mistake!!!i ordered 4 and all are defective.with chipped paint, scratches and the color isn't uniform.i really like the color and i also ordered the 16 piece .dinnerware set,so i guess i'll have to send that back too..i guess you get what you pay for.
fiestaware 1 qt pasta bowls....i got what i paid for!.while seeing this pasta bowl on sale for $4.99 here at amazon.com, i didn't think twice to purchase several of them will all kind of color availalbe 2 weeks ago. what a great price! i was so excited and waiting on the door on the schedule delivery day. the packing is nice and secure. the color was so vivid at the first sight, but.... after i took a hard look, almost half of the bowls are defective!! un-colored white spot, un-glazed bubble holes, black dots/stain inside of the bowl. even defective spots are tiny, but they are so obvious. they just don't look good with those flaws on them! i was so....disappointed and frustrated as i went through all the 21 bowls i ordered. by the way, the black bowl have no name or mark of the manufacturer on the bottom of the bowl. i will say those are probably the factory-secondary products. it turned out i have to return almost half of the bowls and keep those bowls with bearable defectiveness, such as vague stamp of the manufacturer on the bottom of the bowls. of course, all the black ones are returned since they are no-name with the bad quality. no one will even believe they are fiestaware!!
i got what i paid for! fiestaware 1-qt pasta bowls.while seeing this pasta bowl on sale for $4.99, i didn't think twice to purchase several of them will all kind of color availalbe 2 weeks ago. what a great price! i was so excited and waiting on the door on the schedule delivery day. the packing is nice and secure. the color was so vivid at the first sight, but.... after i took a hard look, almost half of the bowls are defective!! un-colored white spot, un-glazed bubble holes, black dots/stain inside of the bowl. even defective spots are tiny, but they are so obvious. they just don't look good with those flaws on them! i was so....disappointed and frustrated as i went through all the 21 bowls i ordered. by the way, the black bowl have no name or mark of the manufacturer on the bottom of the bowl. i will say those are probably the factory-secondary products. it turned out i have to return almost half of the bowls and keep those bowls with bearable defectiveness, such as vague stamp of the manufacturer on the bottom of the bowls. of course, all the black ones are returned since they are no-name with the bad quality. no one will even believe they are fiestaware!!
picture was misleading.i was very disappointed with this spice rack. looking at the picture, i believed my bottles of spices would fit neatly on this rack.  to my dismay, the shelves were too short to hold my bottles of spices.  the spice rack was very well made and good quality, but useless if the bottles don't fit on the shelves
just use saran wrap..these are not bags.  they are rolls of folded plastic that have to be sealed on three sides.  the deni vacuum sealer designed to use these rolls has a hose that slips inside the bag and does a poor job of removing the air.  don't even consider these for your foodsaver
worthless product.i'd hoped i could use these bags as an inexpensive substitute for the foodsaver brand vacuum sealer, but they are very thin and weak. they are not textured, they don't draw a vacuum at all and they are open on one side..why did the staff reviewer write positive things about them? did she even look at the product
doesn't toast the tops.the toasting slots are too shallow.  when i use normal, presliced bread, the top half-inch of my toast doesn't get toasted at all.
if you like burnt toast, this is for you.personally, i don't like burnt toast and hate this toaster.  i thought buying a cuisinart toaster would insure a lasting appliance.  i may as well have spent $10 at a discout store.  i have had this toaster for a bit over 3 years.  we don't toast often, but for the last year i have been tolerant of popping up the toast half-way through to see if it is ready as if i wait for the machine despite any setting it will burn.  very disappointing for an appliance that is supposed to have a good reputation.  two starts as it did work fine for 2 years.
not durable and toasts unevenly.  don't be fooled..waste of your money.  the classic style is a cheap imitation of  better quality toasters made 50 years ago.  failed after 1 year. can't be repaired
junk, pure and simple.it's guaranteed for 3 years whichis great. but mine broke after one year. i used it about once a week for bagels. the popper no longer pops up the toast. you have to pay for shipping and handling to get it fixed. no way! either buy a really good one from waring or williams sonoma or like the earlier post, buy a k-mart special. more wast for our landfills, tsk tsk
the worst toaster ever.terrible product. on the exact same setting, and exact same bread, one will be burnt and the next will be under done. then if you want to toast it more it won't stay down. nothing on this toaster works correctly. plain and simple...a piece of junk. you're better off buying a 15 dollar k-mart special
it broke in 366 days.i did not buy this exact toaster, but one very similar (a slightly different cuisinart model).  the toaster i bought (from amazon) was $59.00.  it broke one day after the one year warranty.  i will not buy a cuisinart toaster ever again.
weak coffee, another crappy coffee maker!!!!.i do not understand what has happened in the coffee maker industry.  it seems as if every coffee appliance i buy fails.  this one is no exception.  i bought this one only because most of the reviews praised it.  now i am sure that the reviews are phony and must be posted by the manufacturer.  there is no control over the time of percolation which for whatever reason has been designed to be too short.  the coffee comes out weak especially if you try to make less than 12 cups, the water just doesn't make it through the strainer for less cups???  the manual suggests using 20 spoons for 12 cups of strong coffee.  at this rate i will essentially be using double the coffee grinds to make the same amount of coffee as i did with a much older faberware i had and the coffee is still weak.  the new faberwares are just as bad as everything else manufactured these days.  the reviews and the item description also touts that this coffee percolator has a glass knob.  this is an outright lie, it is plastic!!!!  i was initially pleased with the design although i feel it is made with a lighter guage metal than it should be.  i would gladly pay double for this product if it worked.  don't buy it, it is another coffee maker dud!!!!
this was a great coffee maker.after making great coffee for 5 months the cuisinart percolator's coffee started getting very weak. needless to say my rating went from 5 stars to 1. i need to find a percolator that will last
one huge drawback..one very important warning: this bed can only be inflated after the pump has been plugged into a wall outlet and fully charged or immediately if the pump is plugged into a car cigarette lighter with the provided adapter. it can not be inflated immediately when plugged into a wall outlet. the normal charge time is 12 hrs, but the initial charge time is 24 hrs. thus, if you want to use it in your home, you must either still inflate it using a car cigarette lighter or wait 12-24 hrs before inflating it. ..i've never before seen any chargable appliance that won't work immediately when plugged into a wall outlet. i have no idea why it will work immediately plugged into a car but not plugged into a wall outlet. seems like a limitation of the wall ac adapter
beware this product and amazon returns policy!.this item is described as an "all terrain" air mattress, yet my parents' plushly carpeted living room floor proved too rugged for it, and it failed to hold air after just one night of use over the christmas holidays...a slip of paper inside the aerobed box says very hysterically, "if this product fails to function, do not return it to its place of purchase! instead, call our customer service number at" blah blah blah. which i did, only to be told, "oh, if you bought it from amazon, you need to contact them about the problem." what?..to my dismay, i discovered amazon's return policy does not allow for monetary refunds on opened goods. after arguing about this for several minutes on the telephone with amazon's india-based customer service representative, i reluctantly agreed to accept a replacement bed. i had no use for this new bed until five months later, when i again visited the harsh climate of my parents' living room...with high hopes and in the face of extreme weather conditions, such as a comfortably oscillating fan, i aired up the replacement all-terrain bed, added bedclothes, and hopped in for a good night's rest. the aerobed held air for an astonishing 45 minutes before deflating. ..i want to get my money back, and, honestly, if the people at amazon had to spend five nights on my parents' hideously uncomfortable twin hideabed because of a defective product sold by their company, they would be completely on my side in this matter. understandably, i do not want to take a third chance on getting a defective replacement aerobed...there is no visible reason why these two aerobeds failed to function. we followed all the instructions. the bed inflated beautifully. it was only the staying inflated part that was lacking. and my husband and i are not 300-pound jumbos. we're very average-sized people who simply wanted a few restful nights on an inflatable mattress that bills itself as being very rugged. instead, we alternated between one of us sleeping on the aforementioned hideabed from h*ll and the other sleeping in a sleeping bag on the floor. that might be all right when you're 8, but we're approximately 40 years beyond that...if you do decide to buy this bed, do not buy it from amazon!! buy it from an actual bricks-and-mortar store, where you can return it for actual greenbacks in your actual palm (or, you know, a credit to your debit card). until amazon revises its outdated returns policy, i will never again purchase anything other than a book from them. it's just way too chancy. i'm out 80 bucks plus chiropractic bills. live and learn
useless, deflates overnight.i bought this thing new from amazon.com and it just doesn't work. after inflation, it's difficult to put the cap back on without losing a whole bunch of air, and then, it just deflates overnight. i was going to send it back for a replacement but it's not worth the effort, just threw it in the trash. a waste.
has design flaws.i have owned this blender for about 6 or 7 years now, i purchased it because of kitchenaid's reputation for making quality products. about a year ago two of the rubber teeth that couple the motor to the mixing blades, broke off. a couple weeks ago two more teeth broke off leaving only two remaining. i'm sorry but a blender that costs $100 or little more shouldn't have such a lousy drive system that doesn't hold up over time. another poor design imo is the jar's handle, it is attached with spot welds. i was expecting the handle to break off by now but oddly enough its fine but i still think kitchenaid should use rivets and replace the rubber drive system with something sturdier that will last for many years. ..oh the positive side, the blender has a really nice heavy duty motor that crushes ice with ease even at the lowest speed. the stainless steel mixing jar is great for making smoothies. this could be an awesome blender that would last a lifetime if kitchenaid would address the issues i have mentioned.
junk, only a one year warranty....as another reviewer said, our coupling broke after 2 years as well.  i called kitchenaid and they wouldn't do anything b/c it was over a year.  she gave me some phone number in michigan to see if they could service it somehow...if kitchenaid was a better company, they would stand behind their products, especially when the coupling problem seems to be a known issue.  i would expect a blender at this price to last at least 5 years.  needless to say, i will not be buying from them again
smoking blender!.i bought this blender because it seemed well built and had a motor rated almost 500 watts. nevertheless, the third time i used the blender to mix pumpkin pie ingredients on "stir" the motor started smoking and the unit became very hot. this unit is not very reliable. if you buy it, be sure to fill out your warranty card
of course the proper dimensions aren't mentioned..........tampers are measured in millimeters, and nowhere in the description do i see the tamper head diameter.  if you don't know that piece of information, buying this tamper is, shall i say, "stupid".  being heavy is good, unless it weighs ten pounds.  both of the other reviews make no sense whatsoever.  one person says it's too big and heavy, the other says "of course it's big and heavy"....what is the point?!?!  someone tell us the diameter, in millimeters (mm) of the tamping head, and then this item may be of use to someone.  until then, don't buy it, because how are you going to know if it fits your portafilter?  good luck
not a good choice.this tamper is big, and heavy too..this is not a good choice for an ordinary espresso machine
poor pour.yes, it looks good in my blue kitchen. but the water doesn't pour cleanly out of the spout - it's more like uncontrollable spewing, even when "poured" slowly, and boiling water splashes all over the counter. also very difficult to fully empty. sorry i threw out the box, or i'd send back
rusting !.this was my first set of quot;nicequot; knives. i am so disappointed ! right away they began to rust and are continuing to do so, more and more. even my cheap knives from target don't rust. the positive comment i have about them is their sharpness is awesome. i wish i had investigated the quality before i bought these. i just assumed any chicago cutlery product would be great since the name is supposed to mean quality. wish i had saved for something of better quality ...
don't bother....if i had known this was not the "real" heavy looking bavarian pan as it looks to be in the picture, i would not have purchased it. it was a complete waste
inferior product.the pro form line from nordic ware is a big disappointment.  i was so happy to see this bundt pan at this price because i didn't want to pay almost $30 for the heavy cast aluminum version.  unfortunately, it performs just about the same as other $6 low price pan which makes this overpriced as is.  the trouble with this pan is that the design is not molded deep enough so that the cake doesn't come out with the clean clear lines that the pictures would suggest.  it's also awfully light; feels very flimsy.  finally, don't be fool by the picutre on page, it shows the heavy cast version with deep indented lines, the real pro form version doesn't look this good
dimensions wrong.i was looking for a larger press and thought i had found one. the dimensions stae this is 11.25 inches. it is only about 6 inches long, so i had to send it back. now i am out shippng charges
defective control master heat control.i bought this frying pan as a gift for my mother and had it shipped to california where she is taking care of my 99 year old grandfather. the packaging and papers were accidently thrown away. she tried to use the pan for a roast on jan. 12th. and set the dial to 220 to roast slowly.  when she checked it in a short time, the water was boiling rapidly and could not be reduced to a simmer. no matter what setting, it just plain got scortching hot..there is supposed to be a one year warranty, but amazon only takes returns in the first 30 days and in original packing. i tried to contact them but can find no contact information on the web. someone should replace the defective part, but i don't know how to accomplish this
l is for loser.this crepemaker is probably the most poorly designed kitchen appliance i own.  it was a wedding present and unfortunately there's no way it can be returned.  the flaws i found most frustrating are as follows:..1. you must dip the crepe maker into another vat containing the crepe mix.  it would be better if instead there was somewhere to poor in the mix..2. the power cord is about a foot to short (making the dipping more difficult)..3. the power cord is on the wrong side of the crepe maker (making maneuvering even more of a challenge).4. the crepe maker can not be easily placed on the stand it comes with...i've now resorted to making crepes the old fashioned way in a pan and my crepemaker is collecting dust.  if it weren't a wedding present, it would definitely be in my next donation to goodwill.
flaky teflon leaves little black flakes on crepes.this is my second crepe maker.  i bought this one because the old one just conked out after years of use.  however, my old turned out (a maxim) to be much better than this villaware one.  the villaware teflon peels after only a few times of using and it only gets worse over time.  if you don't like eating teflon in the form of little flakes on your crepes, then do not buy this crepe maker...other reviewers have also pointed out that the batter falls off the hot surface back into the dipping pan...this is true if the batter has too much fat or too much flour.  it didn't happen as often with my old maxim...the villaware crepe maker is also bulkier and heavier than my old maxim.  i would not buy this product again.
12" glass cover for frying pan.this cover works very well.  seals in moisture, but allows you to see what's cooking, and fits my 12" farberware perfectly
dissapointed.i bought this stockpot because the coating is supposed to make the aluminum non-reactive with foods that are acidic like tomato sauce.  the first time i used the pot was to make sauce with the tomatoes that i had spent all summer growing in my garden only to have the coating come right off the bottom and sides of the pot and leave me with a bitter tasting sauce.  not only did the pot not work as advertised, but, it wasted a whole summer's worth of work in the garden, too.  calphalon said that happens sometimes, but, that it isn't supposed to.  they will replace the pot if i pay to mail it back to them and write an explanation.  save your money, time, and effort - buy something else instead
motor dies.the motor of this thing died and almost burned my hand in the process. i was trying to chop raisins (bad idea, however no word about that in the instructions... they tell you to not chop cheese, but nuts are said to be ok) and after a couple of seconds, a spark came out of the button where i was holding the blender(since you need to press the button to have it work, you have to hold it there). ..if you do not stress this thing too much, it might be useful, however know you cannot rely on it -- it could break at any given time that it decides a job is too hard for it. it doesn't have any tripper or anything so it just dies and needs replacement
leaks water.the grip is indeed good, and the scoop works well, even with hard ice cream. this product has an annoying flaw, however. when you wash it, water gets trapped in some tiny nooks and crannies. then, when you are scooping ice cream, especially ice cream that's straight out of the freezer, the pressure from scooping opens up these nooks and crannies (e.g., around where the scoop shaft joins the handle) and water starts dribbling out and down into the ice cream container. ..if you only use this scoop occasionally, i imagine the water trapped inside would have evaporated. since we tend to use our scoop every week or so, this water dribble happens frequently. i'd recommend taking a pass on this scoop
the handle fell off.i haven't been eating that much ice cream! the handle fell off as i was scooping ice cream for impatient children. i kept scooping with just the scoop part and cut my hand on the jagged broken part. while my cut has nothing really to do with the poor quality of the scoop, it not being designed for use once broken, it did add to the annoyance factor
junk!!!!.i used this torch to make creme brulee for about 6 months without a major problem then the flame died. it would light with a good flame for about 5 seconds and then wither away. i see that many others have also had the same problem. i then bought a microtorch by roburn off ebay for about $20 new including shipping and it is great!! you don't have to hold down the button to keep the torch lit and the flame is solid. if you don't want to buy it off ebay just do a google search for quot;roburn microtorchquot;. don't waste your money on the bonjour torch
wouldn't take it if they gave it to me..this is a piece of garbage.  the torch will not stay lit for more than a few seconds.  when it is lit, the flame is weak, even at the highest setting.  please, for the love of god, do not waste your money on this quot;product.quot;  a bic disposable lighter would work just as well.  heck, a 100 watt bulb might work better
pass the torch.the article, quot;perfecting creme bruleequot; in the nov-dec 2001 of cook's illustrated, led me to the microtorch by roburn.  after much searching i found it at lee valley.  it has a built-in ignition trigger that does not need to be held down for the torch to remain lit.  very happy.  5 stars
very poor quality for oxo.i love oxo products and own almost every product, but these knives are very poorly made.  i had three sets, and the handles eventually came off on all six knives- very unsafe!  some handles slipped off, and some snapped off.  i'm surprised oxo is still making and selling these knives, because the poor quality really tarnishes their reputation
razor sharp - sometimes convenient.the only reason that i give the mini chef knife (i have not used the paring knife) one star is because its size has sometimes come in handy and the blade is extremely sharp...words of warning - #60;1#62; the grip has a tendency to move/slide while you are using the knife... do not use this knife to cut anything that would require significant pressure!  #60;2#62; the back side of the blade is also very sharp!  i have better than average culinary skills and have cut myself twice on the back of this knife.  #60;3#62; though it is a small, cute knife, only a fool would think that this knife would be a good #34;junior#34; knife for a kid who wants to cut and cook like mommy (or in my case, daddy)
room for improvement.for the most part, i've enjoyed my good grips utensils.  the mini chef knife was easy to handle and very sharp at first.  however the blade became dull after a short period of very light use.  now it's even showing rust spots!  i can only think oxo used poor quality steel in this knife for it to have deteriorated so quickly
black  decker je1500 fruit-and-vegetable juice extractor.it was very difficult to even juice a single apple cut into small pieces. i purchased the jack lelane instead and it works great
extremely messy!!!!!.juices well but extremely messy. five minutes of juicing = twenty minutes of cleaning. juice leaks all over the place and the mesh is extremely hard to clean. i put mine in the donation pile after three uses
horrible.i bought this a wal mart last night. as already mentioned it had no kind of recipe book at all. five minutes after i started using it it died. ended up taking it back for a refund. will look for a more reliable brand soon
not what i expected.so far i have tried to make apple and orange juice...i was surprised that the machine did not come with many instructions or any kind of recipe book. i think this is the first kitchen appliance i have ever bought that didn't...it has a lot of parts and it was difficult at first to figure out how to put it together. the juicer gets very messy, not just inside but out, when you use it...seems like a lot of work to make a little juice.  you have to cut up the food into very small pieces because the spout at the top is not very large.  it would be helpful if it was more like a food processor, where you can dump in a whole bunch at once.  the machine is very powerful but makes a burning smell and is loud.  it's difficult to put the food in while the machine is going because it can pop back out at you...so far the juice i have made was not very tasty and it was very pulpy.  it may be that i did not pick the best kind of fruit, though...i'm not sure if any of this is typical of juicers or not because i've never had one before.  i got it as a gift. i am looking forward to trying more and different kinds of juices...once you figure it out, it does snap together and apart pretty easily.  the mesh is hard to clean, but the rest is easy
not a functional product if it's missing parts.i ordered two of these racks and the shipment shows up with the rails only, no hooks, no mounting screws.  after flagging the problem quite clearly to customer service, they ship out a replacement set and guess what?  the second shipment's as incomplete as the first.  and no one at amazon seems to be able to clearly rectify the problem.  so, back they go and after no small amount of time has been wasted on my part as well...i understand mistakes occasionally occur but what's really telling is a company's response to that mistake.  in this case, amazon flunked abysmally
poor engineering or quality control = frustration!.i saw this grinder on display at a small kitchenware shop and gave it a few turns. it easily produced a cloud-like drift of the thinnest possible nutmeg shavings! of course, i bought one, but mine never worked remotely as well. it had all the problems described at length by other reviewers -- the spring slipping, the need to constantly readjust, not being capable of grinding the whole bean, seemingly not sharp enough. it was so different from the demo grinder that i contacted william bounds and they sent me a replacement. it was to no avail. wm. bounds company advises putting the nutmeg into the receptacle, and then turning it upside down to screw the top on. i've faithfully done this, with marginal results and this action must be repeated many times during the life of one nutmeg bean. apparently, some people have gotten a good model, which means that wm. bounds should really be taken to task for their poor quality control.  i see that peugeot is producing a similar grinder, and it may be worth trying. or, since wm. bounds guarantees their products for life, i might just send this one back and try again. there is a $6 shipping fee; mail to: wm. bounds, ltd., attn: repairs, 3737 w. 240th st., torrance ca 90505 with your grinder, the description of the problem ("doesn't work"), your return address. or there is always a little microplane grater at a much lower price, which works wonderfully,
don't waste your money and your time.this nutmeg grinder looks nice, but only works about 5% of the time.  you can grind until you're blue in the face and nothing happens.  unless you want to spend your day taking the nutmeg out, readjusting it and hoping something will happen, buy something else.
good design, bad engineering.the fan is lovely and silent. until you click on the top to make it oscillate. within minutes.... click click click click.... the sound of two gears stripping instead of meshing..this is a lot of money to pay for a fan that doesn't function properly one week out of the box..now i have to go try for a refund. i don't want a refund, i want what i paid for, a quiet oscillating fan. .don't buy this model
you get what you paid for.about a month after i got this toaster oven (and just a few uses) the timer knob broke off. since there is no off setting for the timer, the toaster is on continuously unless it's unplugged. it's a piece of junk and not worth the money
on fire.our toastmaster oven caught fire over the weekend.  we were lucky that the toaster oven was the only casualty.  of course there was also the mess to clean up after the use of the fire extinguisher.  it could have been disastrous.  i think we only had the toaster oven for barely 6 months.  i will not be buying this model again
this thing is rubbish and let me tell you why..okay, first let me make a confession, i'm trying to find a good toaster oven for a low price.  after three attempts i now know this is a futile indeed foolhardy quest.  fact is, it caint be done.  this machine is rubbish and i swear i spent something just shy of $50 on it.  this was done less than a year ago and i've finally just tossed it in the dust bin where it should have gone a couple of months ago.  the latest outrage is that the glue holding the handle on to the glass door gave out causing the handle to come off.  if this were the only thing wrong with the machine i'd still be plenty happy to give it a two star rating, but a couple of months ago the numbers and notations on the rotary controls went all smeary, smudgy and unreadable; the timer-bell system for toast has worked erratcially; toast seems to either get done perfectly on one half of the slice leaving the other side 'raw' or it is overcooked to a dried out husk, or charred at the edges; the door latch mechanism designed to push and pull the toasting tray hasn't ever worked well, and these are some of the good points about the thing..finally, i can't find a 'made in' sticker (prolly china; although, i always go for the alternative third world manufactory site where possible.....what ever happened to made in usa, or am i being hopelessly romantic?)' anywhere on the machine which i believe is a violation of federal law.  as i only use this machine to make toast, i suppose that i should just buy a toaster but i like to have open face toasted sammiches and so my dilemma, you see.  anyway, this machine was a total waste of time, space and money, and if i could think of a fourth dimension prolly that too.  shop somewheres else, i'd say
terrible toaster.toast will either burn or one must stand by watching to get it done properly  toasting takes long time - toasting 2 slices of bread could take 10 min. had a toastmaster years ago  loved it so thats why i bought this thinking it would be as good as what i had before.  plan to get a pop up toaster even though i just got this in dec. 2005.  have not had a good slice of toast since i got this contraption
for a "toaster oven," it doesn't know how to do toast!.i am very disappointed in my toaster oven. i originally bought this when my regular toaster died, so that i would have more flexibility. but the thing just does not know how to toast!..although it has a toaster knob, even the very lowest setting burns my toast. ..i have yet to get a good meal of any kind out of this product. i am looking for a replacement [from a differetn manufacturer!)
italian styling doesn't matter in the end.previous reviewers were right: the plastic smell is intense and does not go away. too bad
has a couple of design problems.as the previous reviewer stated, i was also initially impressed with this coffee maker: it makes a decent cup of coffee.  however, two things about this coffee maker are quite annoying, so much so that if i had kept my receipt and the box, this would be going back to the store. 1. if the grind of the beans is too fine, the water backs up in the filter after the brew should be completed. 2. the carafe will spill coffee all over your counter top about every time you go to pour a cup, unless you use your thumb to hold down the plastic lid and then you can easily burn yourself from the steam. my advice: avoid this coffee maker
not so great.initially, i liked this coffee maker well enough.  the reuseable filter is a plus, and the coffee tastes good.   but two characteristics make this one a loser:.1.  the coffee gets way too hot if it sits on the warmer longer than 20 minutes; and more importantly,.2.  the removable lever that allows the pause and serve feature to work is unreliable.  it occasionally gets stuck and blocks the opening so that when brewing a new pot, all the water collects and stays in the basket (until you manually fix the lever).   the thing easily pops off, and drives me crazy...i would not buy another delonghi coffeemaker.
not designed correctly..i wanted a shield to allow easy addition of ingredients to the mixer, but this one is not designed well enough to facilitate it...the shield comes into two parts, held together by the rim of the bowl and two small tabs. it easily falls apart when removing and is hard to get back on without taking the whole thing off and putting it back...the funnel portion is not long enough to allow ingredients to be poured. often, the component added spills or gets on the mixer...the rim of the bowl is too big as well. with the whisk attachment on the mixer, you cannot swing the top without hitting the rim. you have to perform a complex manuever of lifting the top a small amount, and then rotating the shield so that the pouring section aligns with where the whisk is stopped...this product needs a serious redesign to serve its function
disappointed with kitchenaid 4 1/2 quart mixer.started using mixer in 2002...in dec. 2004 had to take it in for service...all the oil had leaked out.  was told i didn't use it enough!  nearest authorized service center is 35 miles away.  i threw away a 30 year old ge mixer when i purchased this one...wish i had it back. (i must now order a new cover since the old one is stained on four sides by oil.
poor product.buttons stick (after only 2 months, need to use your nails to get them out and working), complicated secuence to reset (and i'm pretty good with machines..this is not intuitive at all! you have to push stop, timer, stop, reset, reset again and clook to stop it!!!), cheaped made..if you can overlook these flaws is ok and has nice features (nice sound, 5 minutes warning, recall and off course, double timer
fair ui -- poor physical design.a double timer is a great idea, but this device turned out to not be a winner in practice.  clearing the timer and getting back to a clock display always seems to take one button press more than should be needed.  the killer is that all of these button presses are around the edge of the timer, whereas the magnet/stand that should allow you to use it one-handed is in the middle of the back, providing no support for pressing those buttons.  the second time i used it, pressing a timer button made it tilt against the front of the fridge, disconnecting the magnet, and dropping it six feet to the floor.  stupidly, i had already shredded the receipt, so i'm sure the karma was my fault anyway
pretty but .....i thought this was a great idea for a gift but i was wrong. it turns out all though the pitcher is pretty it cracked when it was used for hot tea. if the pitcher is not made for such use it should be stated in the product description on the box it comes in or anywhere so the user is aware of the possibility
waste of money!!!!!.these may look cool but if you like to eat off of clean rust free silverware these are not for you , they all rust and pit after one cleaning . waste of money!!!!!!!
rusty!.the package claims this flatware is quot;dishwasher safe.quot; so, i put them into the dishwasher only to have five pieces come out rusty. .  . it's a shame because i like the style a lot
hard to handle.i purchased this set last year and hate using them, because they are so uncomfortable. i really like the style and the fact that they are heavy. when i went to use them i couldn't find a comfortable way to hold them i felt the smaller spoons and forks were a little easier to handle than the larger one
this product sucks.if i could enter a 0 for this product i would.  the back of the matress pad is slippery and moves when you turn in bed.  also the binding around the sides is non-existed.  this is by all means the worse product that i have purchased at amazon,co
wouldn't buy again.we are disappointed in this grinder.  the plastic cover has a ridge around the top that the coffee gets stuck in.  this prevents the grinder from working until you clean out the ridge..it's just a hassle.
i couldn't believe it . . ... . . while cooking in my sister's kitchen last week i reached for the "typical" whisk as i was preparing a custard for bread pudding - the mixture was thick and it wasn't going very well.  i then tried her ball whisk and was utterly amazed at the difference!  since that experience i have searched every basic and gourment kitchen store in my area for this wonderful kitchen tool . . . no luck.  thanks amazon.com - i can always rely on you
piece of garbage - defective?.it started getting stuck during oscillation within 24 hours, pausing all the way to the left before resuming normal rotation..the 'stuck' pause got longer and longer, until about 6 weeks after purchase it stopped even turning on at all - it's completely broken and i've owned it less than 2 month
toastmaster 1122  chopster.piece of junk. lid does not stay secured while chopping; very cheap thin plastic is used making the appliance unsturdy for heavy duty chopping ie: carrots. don't waste your money: buy a black  decker chopper for a few dollars more; b  d chopper is very heavy duty and long lived
you get what you pay for.i figured that with a 2 adult household this would be ideal.#60;br /#62;.#60;br /#62;.i wore it out in 3 weeks.  #60;br /#62;.#60;br /#62;.look, want to make really lean ground meat?  a minichopper should do that, right? you buy a slab of pork or beef that's low in marbling, cut it into cubes and this should make you ground meat.  well, it'll jam, even if you only put 3 or 4 cubes in it.#60;br /#62;.#60;br /#62;.it wears out quick.#60;br /#62;.#60;br /#62;.going to crush any ice or grind meat?  spend money on a higher wattage stronger machine.#60;br /#62;.#60;br /#62;.otherwise, you'll just buy one after another after another of these.#60;br /#62;.#60;br /#62;
slow.they say this reads in just 6 seconds. it didn't. it took more like 25 to 30 seconds from the time you immerse it in ice water till the display reads 32 f. it seemed even slower in meats. the display is tiny and hard to read. but, it was cheap. i'm told you have to spend $70 to $80 to get a professional "thermocouple" thermometer that can truly read a complete temperature in 6 seconds. so i guess you get what you pay for. i'm only disappointed that they claim this thing reads in 6 seconds
"new" item not so new.when i pulled the duvet cover and shams out of the package they were covered in some type of animal hair.  obviously not a "new" item and not santitary.  b/c it was cheap i washed the duvet and shams then noticing one of the shams did not have any stitching..a waste of time, money, and very bad quality.  glad i didn't pay the full price.  the garbage got my purchase
great value.this is a great value.  you can spend your time and look around but this is the best you will find for the money.  the knifes cut like butter
why is this so expensive?.you can get a 3 1/2 quart saucepan at the macy's site for $99.  why does amazon charge nearly $50 more for a smaller pot?
sorry, don't like it.yes, the stainless steel is good, it performs well, but the pan is awful to use. it has no pouring lip for sauces so they slosh everywhere, and what's with that ghastly handle?  i am very strong, yet i find the pan very heavy to carry when full.  the handle is uncomfortable and very long (to keep it less hot), which makes it awkward on the stove and to hold.  i do use a potholder. i have been able to get other brands which have far better handles (fissler, spring) and perform as well or better.  i find i use these before my all-clad.  all-clad has the market in the us, but there are better pans out there.  shop around
not recommended.stop using it after couple times.  the water has weird taste even after filtered.
it was good, until it broke..did a good job pressing the garlic, until it broke where the plastic met the chrome on the handle.  use caution
dishes are beautiful, but chip very easily.i owned a set of these dishes for 4 years.  they were beautiful, and we always received compliments on them, but i definitely would not recommend them for daily use.  most of the bowls chipped as did several of the plates
these plates chip very easily.we bought this dinnerwear set and within the first month 3 of the bowels had chips on the edge.  i think they are very attractive dishes, but they are not worth the money
non-stick?!  hah!  should be re-named "all-stick"!.my husband bought these for me for christmas last year because i love to bake and i'd bought some "non-stick" baking sheets from wal-mart that were a real disappointment, but according to the reviews of this item, these were supposed to be fabulous.  ..not so, i have had them for about 11 months now, i still use them because we're trying to save up money for our first house so i don't want to spend the money to buy more baking pans.  i end up spraying of non-stick cooking spray on these pans just so i can still use them.  after the first 2 or 3 uses, these pans were fine, they didn't distribute heat evenly, so some areas would be burned and others would be under-cooked, but they were non-stick.  after using them for a few times though, it was impossible to get anything off of them!!!  "non-stick"?!!  what a joke!!!  one of the cookie baking sheets i soaked for a day, scrubbed with soap, hot water, and the scrubby side of a scotch brand sponge.  nothing came off.  soaked for another day, scrubbed, nothing.  after the third day, i just gave up and now there is stuff permanently stuck to these so-called "non-stick" pans!..i am very unsatisfied with these items and if i could, i'd rate the set at zero stars!  the worst!  do yourself a favor, invest a little more money in a baking set and avoid the frustration, because you get what you pay for, and these pans are crap
small.these items are not as large as i thought.  they are cake pans and just small.  i thought they were cookie sheets and pizza pans from the picture
horrible set of bakeware.this is the worst bakeware set i've ever purchased!! it warps in my oven and worst of all has started to rust after washing them. no matter what way i wash...dishwasher of by hand it rusts. not impressed and will never purchase another set or even recommend them. check things clearly before you buy.
don't bother.i have owned this pos for around a year - well made but it has always had a burning motor smell - cuisinart said it just "needed to break in".  i think the break-in period has come and gone and it still smells every time i use it.  as a blender it is fine, but the processor just simply doesn't work.  just tried to grate some cheese and it once again failed me.  do not buy this!!!
poor quality --poor support.the duet served my wife and i well for more than a year. then, like many others are reporting, the spindle broke on the base unit. i contacted cuisinart, but they don't make a replacement. so we had a pitch a basically good unit but lack of this tiny replacement part...this is planned obsolence of the worst sort. shame on you cuisinart. you've convinced me to never again purchase anything you make...i should also add that while the unit was working, i found the food processor not very good...i've purchased a kitchenaid food processor which is much better and working well. we replaced the duet with a kitchenaid blender. i recommend people switch to kitchenaid. send cuisinart a message that their lack of support for poor quality construction is not acceptable
cheap but poor quality.i bought this item, thinking, like others, that the cuisineart name meant quality.  the blender broke about within about 6 months, but i kept on using the food processor.  light use, i might add.  just a few days ago, the food processor broke -- the plastic food bin snapped.  this has been one of the most disappointing purchases i've made.  plus, it is unbelievably loud.  i'm in the market for a more expensive, sturdy, reliable processor.  you get what you pay for
great, until the drive gear shatters.as other reviewers, we loved this blender until it broke. it was quiet, powerful, simple to use, and looked great. the food processor was the perfect size, and very useful...the only complaint in using it was the base unit on the blender jar was hard to get off at times. also, the plastice silver coating was wearing off...after 1.5 years of moderate use (mainly smoothies), the plastic gear connecting the motor to the blender shattered. luckily we bought ours at a retailer that we could return it to...if cuisinart ever fixes this defect issue, we would definitely buy it again. until then an expensive osterizer is working well for us
worst blender i've ever used.this is my first time i've ever taken the time to write a review - but i can't say enough bad things about this blender...it is loud! 4 doors closed, and it still manages to wake the baby up as the sound permeates every inch of the house and to my inner soul...it smells! after every blend you get the smell of burnt rubber but it's just the heavy duty motor...it spills! every time i try to pour a smoothy i manage to get a large part of it to spill down the edge. never had this problem with the el cheapo blenders...difficult to attach! if you don't get the food processor blade to seat just right, when you try to put it onto the motor things just latch up. i end up having to pull out all of the food - wiggle the shaft loose, and then start over again...only good thing i can say about this thing is that it looks nice on the counter top. just don't try to use it. i often resort back to the braun food processor i bought for $20
it can not be said enough!.regardless of any of this product's attributes, it is absurdly, hideously and dangerously loud!  what's the deal with that?
do not buy this.the blender part that holds the blade broke the second time i used it to crush ice. the food processor part works ok, but the major problem is it's extremely loud. it's beyond the pain level. it's so loud, i have to use hearing protection or my ears are ringing for 15 minutes afterwards. it's louder than my circular saw
less than satisfied.although this product is relatively lightweight, it is too short and therefore too steep for use out the back end of a minivan.  my dog won't walk up or down it.  it would have been nice if it was longer and folded up or expanded
pet ramp improvements.the pet ramp is basically as described on the web site  has good traction but is too short for my needs. i needed it to help my maltese get up on my bed by herself but she has bad hips  can not manage the steepness. i wish it either came with some kind of folding short legs on the floor end of the ramp or an attachment that would raise the bottom end up 4-6". i also would prefer it about 4" less in width. otherwise the ramp is sturdy  well made.  thank you, rena
defective stainless steel utinsil holder.i received it and it was defective. a split down the side. unusable. tried to reach amazon for an exchange and only got form letters and no help. i am stuck with it
"piece of sheet".i bought these 35 days ago, have used them twice, and the elastic band on the bottom sheet just snapped...stay away
good for a while.......but died after a few months.  be careful about getting the probe wet, it will cause the rest to malfunction
better to season yourself.the finish on this pan is very rough, like sandpaper . i do not like it for that reason . the plus is it's sq size . this is a size that is better for 2 people many pans are for larger size families . i would not reccomend this witout feeling it in perso in a store .
weak whistle.....the old oxo tea kettles had a train whistle sound.   this new one has a single high pitch whistle that is so weak you couldn't hear it in the next room.  save your money and buy something cheaper.  it will work as well if not better.  i returned mine and got another brand and it works just fine and it was cheaper too.
good overall design, whistle fails.i purchased one of these kettles a couple of years ago and generally like it, especially the spout that opens automatically when you pour.  however the whistle is not durable.  i sent my first two back to oxo due to the whistle failing.  they graciously replaced the units with new ones, the second of which had a new design for the whistle.  however, it too failed within a couple of months.  i have followed the directions of not filling the kettle with too much water and only using medium heat to no avail...i have an electric stove so i have not had the handle-heating problem that others have mentioned...i cannot recommend this kettle as i feel it is dangerous to not have the whistle function properly.
poor workmanship.generally i love oxo products, but i was really disappointed with this one. shortly after receiving this as a wedding gift, the whistle stopped working...about 6 months later, the seam at the bottom began to leak. i don't remember reading anything about not leaving water in it, but it seems like you should be able to leave water in a teapot. i have a revereware teapot that is over 12 yrs old, i leave water in it all the time, and it works fine. the only reason i switched was i liked the wide mouth on the oxo so i can get inside to clean. i've gone back to the revereware
low grade but functional.we were not pleased with the set of pans from farberware.  we burned a previous 10" pan and wanted to replace it.  the quality was markedly lower and the pan diameter was actually less than 10 inches and the height of the pan is nearly 1/2 inch lower allowing spills more easily.   you can find better pans at similar prices
farberware?.i have farberware and this is very low grade and the pans are all bent. i'm keeping them because it's too much hassel to send them back, but i won't buy from the kitchenware stuff again
shapen the blades and it will work fine.i bought one of these the first time i saw it because my wife and i had such a good service from or ka stand mixer for many years. it looked so well built and sturdy. the noise level was so low, easy to clean, we liked it very much until we tried to make a banana smoothie, the result was banana chunks even after long periods of pulse or different speeds. i called ka service and the lady suggested to try riper bananas or even to puree the banana first in the ka food processor!..the blades were strong and dull, then later i learned that there is a sharper version in newer models,  was not interested in making the change, since it involved a cost and hassle, so, recently, i sent the blades to a sharpening store, where they sharpen many types of cutting tools and they did a wonderful job, now it purees everything smoothly, easily and with a very low noise level..i think ka should call back these dull blades models and make the blades change at no cost for consumer, in the meantime, my pretty kitchenaid blender was saved from the storage room and is now working flawlessly on the kitchen counter...1 star for the hassle of having the consumer to fix the problem
it cannot puree.i got this as a christmas present so i felt bad selling it, but i had to.  it seemed like such a bummer that such a well constructed and powerful blender can't liquify anything (even though it's got a button for that).  the blender has a deliberately dull blade and i could never can a reasonably smooth puree.  there's a lot of nice things to say about this blender and it's very easy to take apart and clean.  which is why i was hoping kitchenaid would have a sharp replacement blade somehow available (think of their mixers and how much attachment stuff they make for that).  that would make all the difference in the world to just swap a sharp blade in for soups, and putting the dull one back in for crushing ice or whatever.  as far as i know, they don't make a sharp blade for this.  too bad
mine broke after two uses..mine broke and started smoking while i was making hummus (not even something tougher like ice).  kitchenaid won't fix it.  there are many much cheaper but nicer ones on the market
broken after 18 months- ka refused to fix.i find that such a well-known brand would have a longer warranty than 12 months. my blender broke (it was the "coupler") after about 18 months of use. i emailed ka about it and all they did was give me two repair shops where i could pay to have it fixed. both repair shops are more than one hour away. they also offered me [...] off a "refurbished" blender. gee...what service. you'd think they'd at least work with me since the blender wasn't even 2 years old. for [...] i went out and bought a cuisinart and that comes with a 3 year warranty. ka blender was not worth my [...]. it never blended fruit all the way, either; it always left chunks of bananas
not made to keep the bugs out!.this storage container looks good that is about it.  and it really isnt that cute.  the design is all wrong.  the top breaks off the back hinges.  the small black thin rubber that is suppose to help seal the container. doesnt do anything.  you will have every bug and mouse imaginable getting to the food and having a party.  i was better off stapling my bags of pet food closed than using this container
no frills  no satisfaction.this is a basic coffee maker.  unfortunately, you really must use the mesh filter that comes with the appliance.  using paper cone filters for more than 4 cups of coffee will lead to clogging in the water drip container and cause the water to overflow and make a mess.  if cheap is what you want in a coffee maker then, this is it.  you definitely get what you pay for with this product.
the worst pos coffeemaker ever ... doesn't deserve even 1 star.my old coffeemaker finally gave up the ghost over christmas.  i felt guilty spending a lot of money on myself to get another machine so i went with target's cheapest ... this toastmaster.  it is a choice i have resented and regretted ever since.  i will *never* buy a toastmaster product again.  you can't pour water or coffee without it spilling all over the counter.  the machine is poorly built in that you can barely get the coffeepot out without forcing open the flimsy coffee door.  there's no auto-off option.  the "stop and pour a cup" concept doesn't work -- you run serious risk of burning yourself (or the house down) using this machine on a day-to-day basis and mine is going in the trash.  i went to walmart last night and bought a decent mr. coffee machine with all the bells and whistles for $50 and it is already worth the price because of the lack of aggravation and disgust i didn't have to suffer thru this morning, just to get a cup o' joe going.  save yourself the misery and spend the extra money on a different brand.  in this case, you *do* get what you pay for ... don't pay for this, whatever you do
this product should be pulled from the market.i got this coffee maker for christmas, and the first time i went to pour a cup of coffee the basket swung out dripping hot coffee and grounds all over. we should all get refunds and the product should be pulled from the market. it is a danger to all how have one
throw this item in the trash.i brought this coffee maker about a month ago.  it*s the old story, you get what you pay for.  this coffee maker is the worst piece of garbage, i*ve ever purchased.  you can*t pour water from the pitcher into the coffeemaker without it leaking all over the place..when the coffee is finished brewing, there is coffee and coffee grinds all over the counter top and floor. we even noticed that the teflon coating on the warmer was coming off the first time, when we wiped it off.  what a mess.  after about a month trying to use this thing, with no success, i finally threw it into the garbage can, and went out and  brought a sunbeam coffee maker..i*ve have read reviews on this item from other people on the web, and they share my views entirely.  maybe a few people have had a good experience with this item, but very few.  please don*t buy this item. if you have, you know, what i am talking about..i only paid about $10.00 for it, but you would think a person should at least, get about six months of good service out of it, before you began having trouble with it, at least i think you should..i started to call the company to complain, but i figured it would cost me more than it would be worth, to ship it back to the company for repairs.  so i told my wife to forget it, and as i have said, we brought a new coffee maker, but not toast maker. i think toast maker should stick to making maker toaster ovens, and forget making coffee makers, that i think they know nothing about..this item should have been taken off the market, long ago..this is my report on this toastmaster coffee maker..thanks for reading it..sincerely,.james f. kilner
below average coffee maker.this coffee maker is cheap and makes poor below average tasting coffee. mine does not leak. the main problem is that it does not get hot enough. i like my coffee hot and the coffee i get in the pot is what i would call very warm but not hot. the search for a decent drip coffee maker continues
found it at walmart a lot cheaper.it was a waste of money and time to order it online. if you need these products from kitchenaid, check at your local discount stores first.
not very durable.good product but "on" button stopped working after about 3 months (100 uses or so).
i don't iron my sheets!!!!.these sheets looked nice when i first got them but after washing them they are the most wrinkled sheets i've ever seen!!! they looked awful out of the dryer. it says you can iron them but i've never had to iron my sheets and won't start now!!
hairy.this product came in a used looking condtion. i opened the delivery box up and without opening the plastic, there was hair on it. disgusting...i didn't even bother taking it out of the plastic bag. and there is no contact information to return item. waste of money!!!!        i want a refund
sheet set.i didn't like the quality of this item.  after washing, it was extremely wrinkled and looked terrible
don't waste your money.i'm a very dissatisfied customer.  first of all, when the steamer arrived, the box looked as if it been handled by a gorilla.  the product does not appear to be damaged, but when using it, it sprays large amounts of water all over the garments and the floor. it makes such a mess, it's not worth my time to use it.  good housekeeping screwed up when they put their seal on this product.
not happy with customer service...caveat emptor.when i ordered this steamer i was very excited. i have had this product since june 21 but i can't use it. you see, the steamer hose was defective. the steam hose did not fit into the hose inlet. reason: the plastic cover of the hose has a seam down the middle that was "open" slightly, preventing it from fitting into the inlet to the steamer. i could not remedy it, so i went online and sent an email to steam fast's (aka top innovations) customer service. they responded in short time, saying that once i completed the warranty registration process, they would send out a new hose to solve the problem. i faxed over what they asked for, and on june 29 was told that the hose would be sent after july 5 because they were moving and everything was packed. and sorry for the inconvenience...on july 14, i emailed asking for an estimated ship date. having gotten no response, i emailed them again on july 20. my excitement for this product is waning and i debated either sending everything back or contacting the ceo like a previous writer did. well, i finally got an email on july 29, apologizing for the delay and promising that the hose would be mailed out on monday (or tuesday at the latest).  nothing yet. it's a waiting game, and pretty darn annoying too...good housekeeping gave the product a best rating in 2004. i can't vouch for the quality, but i give customer service very low marks. you decide. caveat emptor
poor quality.the first time that i used this pan the non-stick surface came off where the rack sits on the pan. subsequent usage and washings have resulted in more and more of the non-stick surface wearing off. definitely not worth the $$
not so great.i received this set with the handle of the small pan broken.  the pans scratch easily and are very lightweight
calphalon grill pan.i am not pleased with this pan, though i have not used it, i was disappointed at the size, too big, and not deep enough, hardly enough of a lift of the grill ridges.  i'd like to send it back, but i threw out the box
spend the extra money and get a better kitchenaid.according to kitchenaid, when you adjust the mixer it should come in contact with a dime at the bottom of the bowl. no chance with this one. when i went into my local kitchen store and asked them about adjusting the mixer for this they showed me how to do it. i went home excited, finally!..unfortunately, this model doesn't come with the same sort of adjustment as their better models...spend the extra and get the better model
did not work out of the box.the one i received was very poorly made.  out of the box, the scrubbing brushes/head would not turn.  it had been poorly assembled, but after disassembling and re-assembling the scrubbing head and getting the gears to mesh, the scrubbing function started to work.  the next problem was that it will not spray.  i tried all of the on-line solutions to this somewhat common problem (see faq answer id 443 of 10/27/2006), but it still would not spray.  if i manually pour the cleaning solution into the carpeting, it does do a good job of scrubbinbg and vacuming out stains automatically.  i wanted this to work, but would not buy one on-line for fear of getting a defective one like mine
if only they would arrive in one piece!.these are really nice - substantial weight, classic design, functional.  the white is a slightly blue-ish white - not at all creamy (if you've been looking at a lot of white dishes you'll appreciate the distinction).  the problem is that the manufacturer or distributor doesn't pack them with enough care.  i ordered two sets to try them out before putting them on my wedding registry. both arrived with broken bowls.  then i ordered replacements and one of those arrived broken.  so, after calculating that i'd have to field up to 32 boxes to get 8 intact place settings, i gave up.  fortunately amazon is very good about returns for broken merchandise..
place settings.while the examples of place settings are lovely, they are not for me - interested in quot;busierquot; patterns.  country-type patterns  thank
burned out after 6 months.i replaced it with a melitta express kettle, also 1.7 litres, which seems to have a nicer balance, and definitely a better base arrangement, since the connector is in the middle and you can put the kettle down on it in any orientation. seems to boil faster, too, but that may be illusory
pooped out after 2 months.i received this in november for my office and thought the design was terrible but it boiled water and i hate to return products. it broke today, 2 and half months later...i have a superior black and decker at home that has a hidden element and it keeps the water warm for a while after boiling. the bodum is cheap plastic with no insulation and the metal heating element is exposed inside the water container.  i guess you get what you pay for
rival no customer service.i recieved one of these for christmas, i would love to tell you how it works.....but it is missing a plastic piece. now to be fair, i lost it, in the confusion of christmas it must have gotten tossed. i called rival to purchase a replacement piece. what a joke. i emailed....no response. i called, they don't know what i am talking about (even though it is clearly listed in the instruction manual), or if i get a rep who does know what the piece is, they say they don't have one to sell, but if i want to pay to ship the unit back and forth,they will replace it. i have left voice mail messages for non-existent supervisors. so, instead of being happy to pay for my own mistake of losing the piece, i will return this to the store as defective and get the money back. they lose a sale, the store loses a sale, they get in return an unhappy former customer and a defective unit. do not buy rival products, we need to start showing these big companies who hide in voice mail hells that we are tired of poor, illogical treatment.
results not good ...couldn't produce wheat chapati (similar to wheat tortilla).it hardens during the process, if only there was a temperature control on this product, that might have helped..2 stars for - good metal coating  dough becomes really flat
waste of money.making tortillas the "old-fashioned" way is easier and produces a better product.  i purchased this thinking that it would make at least adequate tortillas faster. after reading the reviews of others who have been successful, i have decided to continue trying; i've only tried 8 batches so far, using three different recipes. i would not recommend this product to anyone.
this totallly sucks!! never buy it....this is a total waste of money.. i dreamt of making chapatis and flat breads easily with this one but it totally sucks... no matter how mcuh care you take to mix the dough it never ocomeout well... i should have returned it, i delayed it and it was my mistake... ..never buy it!
great product.great product if you do not have space for large dishwasher, works very well on economy if you have good hot water source.  perfect for a couple..we have a house that was never plumbed for a dishwasher and would have cost a pretty penny to do so.  this was the perfect alternative, although it is small and a little cumbersome to load some things it serves it's purpose well.  it does take quite a bit of countertop space, but if you really want a dishwasher the loss of space is worth it. also it is energy star rated!  i like that
not good quality.this item broke the very first time i used it. when i pushed the spigot back to release the drink the handle broke off, and you could see it was attached by a very cheap, weak piece of plastic.
not all that.it looks good. but not as sharp as i expected. don't waste your money. i have the 4 star henckels bread knife and in my opinion is alot sharper. it's also cheaper. good luck.
what's the capacity??.you can't expect people to buy fancy pans by the photo alone! you give no measurements or capacity. get a clue, amazon
leaks water ; hot plate dissolves; spills while pouring.the first one i bought leaked water all over the counter over and over again.  i could not use the timer or the entire storage tank would empty onto the counter and then the floor! i took it back after 2 months and exchanged it for another.  within the first week the 2nd one had problems with the hot plate.  it began dissolving and the melted metal was sticking to the glass carafe.  it doesn't come off.  within a month, my husband noticed that the bumps of metal caused the glass on the bottom of the carafe to pit.  he's afraid that the carafe will crack so we've thrown it away. as far as the carafe spilling while pouring; i can say that it defintely does.  it depends on how fast you pour the coffee.  if your a slow pourer then you won't have any problems.  if you or your friends pour too fast then it spills all over itself, your counter tops, their hands... basically everywhere! it's a bad design and defintely not worth the money we paid for it. i recommend you keep your box because we threw ours away.  now we can't return it.  we still have to pay off the credit card even though it's in the garbage!
broke within 3 weeks of receiving it....my husband bought me the seal-a-meal for our anniversary and i was excited to start using it. my kids have multiple food allergies so we rarely eat out (meaning i rarely get a night off from cooking!) so i wanted to be able to freeze homemade convience foods for once and awhile. the seal-a-meal worked great in the beginning but after using it approximately 6-7 times the sealing mechanism stopped working. not only that but the vacuum will remain on until i unplug it. .i emailed rival about replacing it but haven't heard back from them yet. at this point it was a huge waste of money and i can't recommend it.
customer service is this sealer's downfall.we recommended this food sealer to many friends and relatives, before it developed a glitch. after a short time, the sealer started turning off before the food saver bags were fully suctioned. it was necessary to unplug it and plug it back in to get it going again. as time went on, the problem became worse and worse. after receiving no replies to our contacts to rival (2 to the 800 number and 1 via email), we tossed it and replaced it with another, more expensive brand. rival's customer service is non-existent, so do not take a chance with buying any of their products. if it should break, you are on your own.
disappointing amazon return service.in a nutshell - bought this item in late oct. for an xmass gift. (i like to get my shopping done early.)..christmas day my mother went to try it out. product was defective - sealer would not seal, which made the unit useless...due to amazon's return policy - item was ordered more than 30 days ago, i was only able to get a partial refund - not even a replacement for the defective item. needless to say, i will no longer buy xmass gifts from amazon - at least those that are of the electronic nature. buyer beware!!
do not waste your time with this product.i bought one of these about a year ago. when i brought it home it sealed 2 bags then stopped working.  i called the company and they said to take it back to the store.  i assumed it was just an extreme case so i exchanged it for the same product.  within the first year of having it, the wire that seals the bags has burned through it's protective coating. so now whenever i seal a bag it burns a hole in it, which then lets air into the bag, defeating the whole purpose of the machine.  i wrote the company and asked if there was something i could do or a part i could buy, i was told that they don't sell that part and that since it had been a year there was nothing they could do.  i do not recommend this product, it's cheap and the rival customer service is definitely lacking
absolutely misleading.i cannot explain how upset i was when i received this product. the product title is extremely misleading since i assumed that i was getting pfaltzgraff dishes. instead what i received was zak design's cheap plastic knockoffs of pfalztgraff's napoli collection. i am very disappointed that this vendor is allowed to advertise their product as pfaltzgraff. perhaps it's my fault for not knowing what melamine in the small print means
excellent.this pots and pans are very good and easy to clean.  they were definitely worth the purchase
don't order from target.i ordered these georgeous blue glasses directly from target-i ordered other items as well.  i received a box of tiny bits of glass.  the other items in my order were damaged as well.  what's the deal-doesn't target know how to pack things for shipping?  i am not able to get these in the stores that is the reason i ordered them.  never again will i mail order from target
wow, i ordered a box of glass shards!.don't expect these to be packaged very well.  the box of glasses was placed in a slightly larger box and some bubble wrap was shoved beside the box on one side to keep it from shifting.  it seems they have never shipped anything with the united states postal service before.....anyways, due to poor packaging, and the usual from the post office, i am the proud owner of some very pretty broken glass.  i'll give two stars because the pieces were a lovely shade of blue...the item says it's from target, so i'm going to see about ordering this at a target so i can just pick it up at the store
these are kind of cheesy.i bought these because they look beautiful in the picture.  i returned them because the glass was thick and not that evenly molded.  they just had a cheap feel to them and my wife hated them too
oxo mandoline.item received with dull cutting blades. oxo has replaced one, will probably have to purchase the other. no excuse on a $60.00 slicer
i like oxy but hate this product.i'm usually pretty satisfied with the design and quality of this company's products. i used a $9 martha stewart one for years that finally warped and dulled but it did slice tomatoes. this one was so dull it couldn't slice anything. i returned it immediately. its soured me on the straight blade design but i don't see higher end units with the angled/diagonal blade and they don't have as many cutting choices so i'm quite stuck
did not work well at all!.we were so excited to have this tidy gadget in our kitchen--and after removing the plastic tape over the blade, were seriously disappointed.  we tried sweet potatoes, regular potatoes, carrots...and made a mash of veggies all over the counter with a few julienned carrots and a couple potato slices on top...this will definitely be going back to the store
pan warped.the pan worked fine until it warped on the bottom and would not stay flat on the stove.  i sent it back for a refund
unhappy with product.i received two shipments for this product.  they were both received broken into many pieces.  the dishes had no protection during shipment.  please notify shipping department to pack these items correctly!
do not use often for bread.i am thoroughly disgusted by this mixer. i love to make bread at home and have owned two kitchen aid mixers. the first one the motor burnt up and was no longer covered by there warranty. i swore never again but after a few years i decided to give it another shot and bought another one. well after 30 days the same thing happened. i never mixed more than two loaves at a time although the manual says it can handle 3 3/4 loaves. luckily this time i was able to bring it back and get a refund. these mixers are junk!!! i would not recommend these for anything other than cake batter or icings. dont buy if you intend to use it for bread!!!!!
kitchenaid mixer - dented and scratched.while the kitchenaid i ordered through amazon works fine, it was very poorly packaged and came with scratches and dents.  the ad had claimed that it was factory finished, instead, the mixer clearly appears used and abused.  i'm glad that i have my kitchenaid, but it was a disappointing purchase.
great while it lasted.great kettle, until it broke, after about 6 months of use. this seems to be a design flaw. ..it was used a couple of times a day, we had no problems with odd smell, nor did we find it heavy or overly hot (it is a kettle after all). biggest problem was the contact between the base and the kettle malfunctions after a while...btw: you do not put the tea bags in the kettle, it is just for boiling wate
boils over easily!.when we first got our kettle, i was very excited about it.  after a few uses the kettle would boil over.  most of my tea would be on my counter top.  i did not overfill the kettle and i used tap water (not hot or warm) to start.  i am so incredibly dissapointed with this kettle.  i would not recommend this kettle to anyone.  it is a waste of money and it stains your counter tops with the endless supply of tea boiling over.
no chef would choose this.i'm from australia (and have also lived in the uk) and consider an electric teakettle a basic staple in the kitchen...two major gripes:.1. if you look inside there are actually silicone(?) fasteners used that touch the water - consequently any water you boil in this one smells and tastes like metal and plastic/rubber, even after you've brewed it into tea. completely unacceptable. baking soda doesn't help much..2. the stainless steel finish is hot to the touch. scalding/burning hot. i can't believe this thing is actually a consumer approved product. there is no insulation whatsoever, yet this is a counter top product. you might as well just use a pot on the stove. imagine if your stainless steel toaster burned hot on the outside...three minor gripes:.1. the lid is not solid and seems like it would break in a fairly short lifespan of use..2. you pretty much have to fill it by lifting up the lid. you can't use the spout for this, like you can with a lot of models..3. this thing is heavy. heavier than a pot you might use to boil the same amount of water. this adds to the risk of burns...on the plus side:.1. it looks fine..2. this does boil your water quickly... so if you like the sound of bubbling water and that's all, then i guess you could buy this...unhappy buyer - this one's going back. i wouldn't want this if someone gave it to me, let alone pay for it
save your money.this is the worst joke i have ever had inflicted upon me. we wanted a sturdy, durable can opener that would last more than a year, and this appeared to be the solution. backed by the cuisinart brand i was comfident we would be in good shape. it wasn't in stock for 3 or 4 months, but we waited patiently convinced it was the answer to our prayers...it lasted about a month before it broke. it would not latch onto the cans any longer. it was heavy, solid, made by what i thought was a quality brand name, and it would not work. what a disappointment. but i was confident cuisinart would set things right, so i e-mailed them...wow, what an eye opener about this company! i was told i had to mail this heavy object back to them on my dime. brand new, less than 2 months old, broken and not working, and i am supposed to lay out the heft shipping fee over and above the expensive price tag, which would only be worth the money if the product actually worked...end of the story, we bought another can opener and it is working fine so far. eventually it will break as well, nothing is made with any substance any more. we really thought the cuisinart would last, and if there were any problems at such an early stage they would ship out a replacement, brand new, and prepay the postage for the return like truly reputable companies i have dealt with in the past...this unit is defective, and their customer service stinks. save your money, it does not live up to the image, and if you buy it you will get stuck with the postage bill trying to return it. we refused to throw good money after bad, so we are eating the cost. but we now know better than to buy another cuisinart product in our lifetimes, so that is worth something to us at least
beautiful but doesn't open the cans.....i am very disappointed with this product. as listed in the prior comments, it is indeed very beautiful and i love the look of it in my kitchen. however, it is nearly impossible to get it to open a can.  it takes many tries before it will pierce the top and most of the time, i just give up and use a hand held opener. i expected more from an expensive cuisinart appliance
very disappointed.the main reason i got this was to make clean-up a lot easier.  in all fairness, it is very easy to clean. however, i have used it twice, and both times i used it, it gave off a very strong odor and made my smoke alarms go off.  there wasn't any smoke that i could see and nothing was burned. the plastic must give off something that affects the alarm. after it happened the first time, i was too nervous to try it again (the alarm scared my kids), but decided to try again last night.  unfortunately, the alarms went off again, so i am getting rid of this pan.
shapen the blades and it will work fine.i bought one of these the first time i saw it because my wife and i had such a good service from or ka stand mixer for many years. it looked so well built and sturdy. the noise level was so low, easy to clean, we liked it very much until we tried to make a banana smoothie, the result was banana chunks even after long periods of pulse or different speeds. i called ka service and the lady suggested to try riper bananas or even to puree the banana first in the ka food processor!..the blades were strong and dull, then later i learned that there is a sharper version in newer models,  was not interested in making the change, since it involved a cost and hassle, so, recently, i sent the blades to a sharpening store, where they sharpen many types of cutting tools and they did a wonderful job, now it purees everything smoothly, easily and with a very low noise level..i think ka should call back these dull blades models and make the blades change at no cost for consumer, in the meantime, my pretty kitchenaid blender was saved from the storage room and is now working flawlessly on the kitchen counter...1 star for the hassle of having the consumer to fix the problem
it cannot puree.i got this as a christmas present so i felt bad selling it, but i had to.  it seemed like such a bummer that such a well constructed and powerful blender can't liquify anything (even though it's got a button for that).  the blender has a deliberately dull blade and i could never can a reasonably smooth puree.  there's a lot of nice things to say about this blender and it's very easy to take apart and clean.  which is why i was hoping kitchenaid would have a sharp replacement blade somehow available (think of their mixers and how much attachment stuff they make for that).  that would make all the difference in the world to just swap a sharp blade in for soups, and putting the dull one back in for crushing ice or whatever.  as far as i know, they don't make a sharp blade for this.  too bad
beautiful but not reliable.i honestly liked the blender a lot.  i received it as a gift and it matched the rest of my kitchen's kitchenaid appliances-- range, refrigerator, dishwasher, pretty much everything other than the toaster oven.  at the time, there could be no better blender.  it looked great.  it promised professional performance.  it had kitchenaid's brand and durability behind it.  ..i use my blender for making tomato sauce and the occasional fruit smoothie.  there is some amount of ice crushing required, but that shouldn't be an issue.  i certainly was not a weekly let alone a daily user.  so, 3 years after i got the blender, i went to turn it on and it is completely dead-- no light on the on button.  changed outlets and still nothing.  it's done.  what an incredible dissappointment...but, it seems to me that the kitchenaid brand has really taken an awful turn since it was acquired by whirlpool(?).  first, my dishwasher broke (3 repair jobs) then my stand mixer's seals are loose.  i called customer service about trying to buy a replacement thermometer for my range and after endless re-routing, i got no where.  the fridge has minor issues (loose rails, pieces not refitting) and is probably the best of the lot...i did some research.  apparently, kitchenaid is just licensing its name out on various products.  so, realistically, there is no such thing as kitchenaid quality anymore since they don't make much of anything.  everything is just a re-branded product.  whirlpool is going to milk the brand premium until its reputation catches up to it...from a once kitchenaid loyalist, avoid this product-- yes it's beautiful but it's not going to last.  avoid all kitchenaid products because they really are not what they once were
mine broke after two uses..mine broke and started smoking while i was making hummus (not even something tougher like ice).  kitchenaid won't fix it.  there are many much cheaper but nicer ones on the market
broken after 18 months- ka refused to fix.i find that such a well-known brand would have a longer warranty than 12 months. my blender broke (it was the "coupler") after about 18 months of use. i emailed ka about it and all they did was give me two repair shops where i could pay to have it fixed. both repair shops are more than one hour away. they also offered me [...] off a "refurbished" blender. gee...what service. you'd think they'd at least work with me since the blender wasn't even 2 years old. for [...] i went out and bought a cuisinart and that comes with a 3 year warranty. ka blender was not worth my [...]. it never blended fruit all the way, either; it always left chunks of bananas
not what i expected..i have to return the item because the quality was not what i expected.  the first and second tier of the steamer doesn't even fit properly and one of the steamer's bottom was loose.  thank goodness that amazon provides a postage free return.  i think i'll try to shop around for the steamer at a store instead
not very heavy duty shop fan.this was the easiest fan yet to put together. the fan's assembly instructions were straight forward and does not allow one much of a chance to lose anything or mess anything up while you are putting the vornado 3hd heavy duty shop fan together. it is colorful, sleek and has a long cord to provide easy access to locations where other fans may not be located because of cord length. i had it ready to go and thought more air volume then my other fans and will be able to do without the older ones. well, my excitement was at its height as i reached down to turn it on, then a true and total rush of disappointment settled in. this fan might be heavy duty to a puppy, but it provides less air than a cheap box fan. their write up says it provides a seventy-five foot beam of air, i would say it is more like a frilly breeze of eighteen to twenty-five, at best! i read only one review that stated the air volume was unsatisfactory. for ninety eight dollars (including shipping and taxes) it is truly a waste of about sixty-nine dollars and totally a bathroom or small room blower. it is however, very quite, but that is because of its soft and petite air flow. a revolution in a portable fan air flow in?  perhaps if you had 10 or 12 of them in your house, but then that would be around a thousand dollars and you can get a portable air-conditioner for only about seven hundred dollars, you can move it from room to room and use the three hundred for the electricity bills for three years while you stay cool calm and collected! if you have money to burn, love the quite and only want it as a personal fan, then get it,  if you don't, i have an old honeywell and an old patton fan that move the air and in a cooler fashion and they were less the fifty dollars! i have to suffer this summer because i believed in over inflated advertisements, but next summer i will now be very leery of all hype infested advertisements! recommendation: make sure you explore and examine investments over fifty dollars, including any shipping and handling if required
don't order this.the spoon is chipped with black marks all over it. also, the picture shows four spoons but there is only one. it's an over priced piece of junk with inflated shipping cost. i'll never order from restockit again
loud.thought i was getting a large and a small fan, since that is what was pictured. only a large fan was sent. fan was very, very loud, as other reviewers have said. i was hoping for the smaller fan, one of which i own, which was quiet
cool breeze.this honeywell product is excellent.  it works quietly and easily circulates air while providing the desired breeze...i believe the unit will outlive its generous warranty, and would not hesitate to purchase another one if and when it should wear out
warn the neighbors and stick cotton in your ears.my 15 year old 4 speed oscillating fan stopped oscillating, so i decided to get a replacement. wonder why they call it a "turbo high performance fan"? ever stood next to a turbo jet on take-off? well, you get the idea. even on its lowest setting it is louder than my old fan on its highest setting. on low, i had to blast up the tv volume. i am not returning this item only because it is throwing good money after bad--the cost of returning it. i will use it as a spare, load the old 12 gauge and wait for the neighbors to come breaking down the door
"whisper quiet"? hardly.this item is described as "whisper quiet."  maybe compared to the roar of a lion.  or a window unit air conditioner.  not quiet for a small fan and certainly not "whisper quiet.
amazon ships small fan and charges for the larger version.don't always believe what you see advertised on amazon.  amazon shipped me the smaller version of the fan it advertised but still charged me the same higher price for the large fan it should have sent.  i sent the small fan back to amazon and ordered what i should have received from kaz.com.  the product is great, amazon's service wasn't
dissapointed in quality.at the original advertised price of these hand towels, i thought i was getting a super great hand towel at a good price (50% off).  i was very disappointed in the thickness of the towel.  i thought they would be very plush.  the color is very nice, however.
don't buy black towels.these black towels are awful.  i've washed them 4 times and every time i use them to dry off, black fuzz gets all over me.  definately won't buy them again
this pan is poorly designed.bottom line : if you are looking for a grill pan, this unit is not it. the ridges are sharp, too high, and not rounded. at best it steams the meat, maybe more healthful vs. less oil?. meat sits too high above the heat base and juices. hence it pumps out atomized oil and vapors like a chimney, not good. i have had much better results with an anodized aluminum square grill pan(reason for trying a cast iron grill pan), but refuse to use aluminum long term (not healthy). best!! results are with my standard flat bottom cast iron pan. after a 2 weeks, went back to the flat pan and the meat is much much more flavorful. don't waste you money. i have to wonder about some of the other reviews here (bad cooks? phonies?), it is obvious per stated design this pan is a dog
item sent not as pictured.i ordered this grill pan with ridges on it, but amazon sent me a plain pan with no ridges, so beware.
cheap  doesn't work.neon light does not work, made out of cheap plastic, very expensive for the item received! will not do business with company again
tale of two reviews.yes it is a nice pot. i can understand why it would be perfect for painting designs and whatnot. but, for making tea, i find it to have a fatal flaw. the handle heats up as much as the rest of the pot, and thus, in order to pour boiling water - i need to use a pot holder, which is awkward...so, if you buying this to throw on a shelf, i think it would be fine. if you want to be pouring boiling liquids from it, you might want to look elsewher
they crack no matter what you try....we bought several. treated with care, hand washed, used lower pressure, never dropped. all cracked in less than 10 uses
beware! beware! beware!.don't say you haven't been warned. i have had 2 of these products crack after first use. i bought 3 and amazon already replaced one. i'm trying to return all of them. there is some sort of design or manufacturing flaw in this product. ..don't get me wrong, i love all my other foodsaver containers, but none of them have cracked on me like this one...update 10-26-2005: the 3rd one developed a crack just like the previous....go figure
henkels knives.dh bought these for christmas, 2005.  wow, they are sharp!  just weeks later, they had already dulled immensely and need to be resharped.  i washed and dried them immediately, as advised, but i still have some rust already, less than a year.  when i find my reciept, they go back!!..amber.denve
don't be fooled!.these are not the german henckles - they are made in japan and don't even compare to the german or even spain henckles.  i am returning this product as i don't find it worth even the $49. i certainly don't know any stores that would sell this for the $247 or whatever they said the "retail" price was. the block was also dissapointing, it looked plastic.  this makes me nervous to buy other amazon products that are at "sharp" discounts in the kitchen section..
pie plate image misleading.the pie plates are a good value.  however, the picture of the pie plates does not show them as they are.  it shows pie plates with handles and a steeper side.  these pie plates with the handles hold more filling than the pie plates which i received.  i was,therefore, disappointed since i expected the pie plates which were pictured
terrible product.i handled this product with extreme care, making sure it does not get in contact with sharp objects. despite all that care after 2 or 3 uses it started to leak. i can't even tell where it is leaking. i followed the instructions from their web site. nothing helps. i have to garbage the whole thing. a total waste. don't bother with their customer service. once they have your money they don't want to have anything to do with you
not what is pictured.the bed is nothing like what is pictured in amazons ad.  a complete misrepresentation of the product.  we have the style that is pictured in the ad and it is far more comfortable than what we received.
less than 8 hrs sleep.my main concern on the mattress i bought from amazon.com is the slow leak it had/has.  i can only get about 4 1/2 hrs of sleep before the matress changes from firm to flat.  this of course wakes me and i have to refill it (push the button - producing a vacumn cleaner sound) to get it back to firm and return to sleep.  i don't always get back to sleep for a couple of hours.  i never had this problem (leaks) with my waterbed, and it lasted 25 years before that matress got a leak.  one last thing, it's short. i'm 5'8" and seem to find either my head or feet always hanging out the top or bottom of the 60" length
not hot.i heated it in the microwave for 6 minutes but it will only stay warm for 6 hours, not 12
unhappy snoozer.i bought two sets of these pillowcases and have opened one so far. they are soft to the touch, as mentioned in other reviews, but become extremely wrinkled with use, and after laundering are mishapen and wrinkled. i should have returned them. i guess the 2nd set will be for decorative display on the bed top only
amazon, 5 stars; elite home, 0.this order was for four standard pillowcases (2 pkgs of 2 each) made by somebody called elite home, but which amazon sent free of charge. some time before, i had ordered and received a king-size flat sheet, king-size fitted, and four stdrd cases, at a sale price. after three washings, the stitching in the pillow cases began unravelling. i contacted amazon -- not to have amazon correct the problem, but to give me contact information for elite home.  the first customer service rep could find nothing on file about elite home, causing me to send an e-mail to amazon about why amazon doesn't have on file contact information with a supplier whose goods amazon sells.  i received back from amazon an address and phone number for elite home -- right here in my hometown of cincinnati.  but when i called the number, it had been disconnected; when i checked telephone information (411), they gave me the same number and address.  i e-mailed all that to amazon; in response, i received an e-mail saying amazon was going to check into elite home, and telling me amazon was sending me the four free pillowcases because of my troubles.  that is this order. after 1 washing, the stitching started to unravel.  i called amazon -- not to complain, but to advise amazon that elite home may supply inferior merchandise.  i note, however, that amazon still carries the label.
old model-difficult to clean-not as pictured--sf quesadilla maker.ordered based on picture on amazon web site, which shows updated model that has an easy clean 1-inch drip tray surrounding heating plates.  what i received was the design defective "old original model" with a 1/8th-inch drip tray access, which is impossible to clean even when using a tooth pick.  the original model was defective by design with its oversized heating plates and inadequate drip tray access for cleaning which can be a serious health hazard.  frequent problems with filling bubbling out of machine because 1/8th-inch drip tray ridge access was unable to accommodate excess filling that oozes out during heating/cooking process.  old model with blender often can be purchased elsewhere for under twenty combined; and by itself frequently on sale for twelve or less.  there is a very good reason that the old model is sold so cheap, it is defective by design.  i have now returned the old model that was shipped by amazon.  i will buy one from my local bull's eye logo store which carries the newer model, as i have seen it there on my many shopping trips and can be assured that i am receiving the easy clean newer model.  insist on the newer model with the "easy clean 1-inch drip tray" when purchasing and you will not be disappointed
terrible design.i bought one of these while looking for a side cutting can opener. it works great for the standard soup can size. however, the handle is mounted on the side which means that when you try to open larger diameter cans with it, the handle bumps into the can and doesn't turn! what's the point of having a replacable lid on your food if the only cans you can do it to are the tiny sizes? whomever designed this thing should be homeless...next to useless
wrong color and size.the picture shows a squared off end not the standard pointed end,.but it is pointed. even though it has the pointed end like a standard cover, it is shorter to fit the shorter boards,  not a standard board. it did not fit my ironing board right.. .ad also said the color is grey but it is blue!. .i called customer service and was told i could return it but at my cost!
replacement ironing pad.the quality is good but it did not fit on my standard ironing board.  it was about 3 inches too shor
third time's a.....charm? [calhalon's great cs].[edit: after talking to a calphalon rep (who was as surprised as i was,) they promptly provided an ra and shipped out a new one.  no problems so far, though the blade is a little less than i bargained for.  revised rating - 3 1/2]  ...like the reviewer below, i had spectacular luck with my new santoku blade on the first two veggies i cut.  by the third, however, it seems the calphalon ran out of steam and i was squashing tomatoes instead of slicing through them.  .i'm not sure if there's a quality control issue with these, but i'll be returning mine and going with a higher-end wusthof for a few dollars more.
dull, dull, dull.i had been wanting a good santoku knife for a while when i ran across the calphalon contemporary 7 inch santoku.  i figured for 40.00 i should at least try this knife.  so i did.  i love the size, the weight, the grip and even how it cuts when it is sharp.  i have to sharpen this darn knife while i'm using it or it goes so dull it's about as effective as a butter knife.  when i first got it, it was razor sharp.  i used it twice.  twice meaning,  i cut 2 limes up for drinking corona's.  on the third lime it was dull
chips ahoy!.the sango splash line of dinnerware is gorgeous, no doubt about it. it's got a lovely combination of colors and textures and it feels great in the hand. so what's the problem? it chips. i've had a set of eight place settings plus various serving pieces and other extras for about two years. at last count, there were five pieces with chips and one cracked cup. that doesn't say much for the set's longevity, especially since i don't use these every day.
i need more power.this item lacks the heavy dutiness that it needs to open the toughest of jars. this opener does about the same as i can do with my hand, and that's about it. it is not long enough to get the leverage required to open some jars. also this item does not fold away or store away nicely at all. if you have an extra spot in your drawers for it go ahead and buy it, otherwise don't
keep looking.the opener is too fragile for the task.  the serrated blade is held in place by thin, brittle plastic that is easily broken if one inadvertantly twists or "levers" the handle even slightly up from the plane of the lid - easy to do with a tight lid. ..should you decide to use it, try to keep the body of the opener pressed flat against the cap - easier said than done when trying to stabilize the jar and get leverage on the tool handle
doesn't work at all.this jar opener was given to me as a wedding gift with several other oxo tools.  i love the other items but this thing isn't even good for a door stop.  it doesn't open any of the jars i've tried it on, just does a good job of scratching the lids up
aughhhh, competely useless!.i have always wanted one of these and finally wasted my money and bought one.  more pressure is needed to hold this device on the lid of a jar than it would take just to open the jar in the first place.  if you are buying this because of small hands or weak grip, don't bother.  my husband can make it work, but by the time he is in the kitchen he can just open the jar for me.  the teeth to hold the lid are shallow and slip off the jar if you don't apply enough downward pressure.  i have never been so disappointed in a kitchen gadget
buyer beware.anyone needing assistance to open jars. need not waste their money on the oxo. the jars do not stay secure and slip, from the simplest relish jar to a large mayonaisse jar. in short, it is worse than useless - unless you need a pooper-scooper when you walk your dog. it does do that fairly well
spend a little more to get a lot better.i love oxo products. i think they are some of the best designed kitchen tools on the market. i started using oxo knives when i found a 6quot; utility knife. that is a great knife. oxo makes many other great/good knives but this one is not worth the money. i was very excided to use it for the first time and when i did i noticed that the blade was flimsy, it was more like cutting with a sharp piece of sheet metal rather than using a sturdy knife. i would recommend spending a little more and getting a better knife
all-clad? i think not..this roasting pan is not a clad construction like the other all-clad cookware. it is a pure stainless steel construction and does not conduct heat well at all.  i'm going to be returning mine as i just purchased a viking roasting pan to replace this one. the viking is only a little bit more expensive but it is a fully clad aluminum construction and conducts heat superbly -- plus it matches my all-clad cookware
excerpt from cooks illustrated.the following is copied from a review found in cooks illustrated equipment corner:..during our 1999 rating of roasting pans, we decided that the upright handles, roomy interior, and sturdiness of all-clad's stainless steel roti ($275) justified its hefty price. since then, however, we've noticed that our top-rated pan has a tendency to warp slightly on the stovetop while browning roasts or deglazing fond. (the roti lacks the clad construction-an aluminum core sandwiched between layers of steel-that makes other all-clad cookware so reliable.) so when we saw that calphalon's fully clad contemporary stainless roasting pan features a similar design-and for a mere $100-we brought it in for the challenge. ..to our delight, the calphalon did not warp on the stovetop, and its lighter weight made it more responsive to burner adjustments than the all-clad pan. this new calphalon roasting pan has everything we want, including a reasonable price...update: our july/august roasting pan update highlights calphalon's contemporary stainless roasting pan ($100). in the past, this pan has been part of their tri-ply stainless line. until the tri-ply stainless inventory has run out, look for our favorite roaster under either of those calphalon lines
not an aluminum core.just wanted to remind potential buyers that this pan does not have an aluminum core as stated but is 100% stainless. anyone who does a little research into stainless will find that stainless is an awfull conductor of heat. ..this pan will not work well on the stovetop for browning or gravies so if that is an important consideration to you then look for a pan with aluminum or copper...i cant understand the asking price of this pan considering its flaws. do a search and you will find a french made roaster constructed of 2.5mm of solid copper with a stainless interior that is only $30 more than this pan. go figure! or for 1/2 the price you can get an aluminum-clad roaster from all-clads chief competitor. look around. seriously
low quality, impossible to clean.this blender couldn't handle ice cream, or almost anything else for that matter.  it hard a haard time blending canned tomatoes!  the blade doesn't come out, so it's very hard to clean.  the spout for smoothy displensing was always dirty, under the blades was always dirty.  i had mold grow, despite my best cleaning efforts.  i finally had to throw it out
false advertising.this unit is advertised as being 700 watts, however it is only 500
total nightmare of a blender.i am surprised at how well everyone is doing with this model.  maybe i got a dud, i don't know, but my wave station is garbage.  the plastic container has two pieces, which i could not dislodge from each other.  therefore, i could never entirely clean the thing.  worse, the other parts are similarly difficult to remove when following the assembly instructions.  i never got it to work right; it would not crush frozen strawberries for a smoothie..i am going to have to call customer service before ever getting it to work.  very disappointed
not what i expected.this was not what i expected. it was heavy and not in a good way. it was hard for me to wash this, let alone that it is not non-stick...i don't know if it is just me (but other reviews tell me i am not) it just really seemed awkward to handle and it is hardly used in my house and i feel disappointed that it just takes up space in my cupboard
not so fast with this purchase......first, i had no problem with amazon, they shipped when they said...  if you drink a lot of juice, and you like pulp.  this is not the juicer for you.  ..pros:.1.  sturdy construction..2.  handle is easy to use...cons:.1.  a standard glass (not the small juice glass) will not fit under the pour spout, without putting the juicer on a book, or raising it somehow..2.  to clean the top, you need to push down firmly on the exact center of the button, because a variation of this and your thumb or finger, with scrape against the edge of the handle (and it has sharp edges), also to put it back is a bit tricky..3.  the course (not fine) strainer doesn't let any pulp through at all.  nothing for oranges, and nothing for lemons....wash:.cleaning was easy.  but, there is a lot of surface area to clean up (4 items), compared to the crank juicers (3 items)
late.why do they take so long to send, should have in stock when purchase it. they are like old days when take 6 weeks to get your order. not order rom them agai
don't buy this machine!.i was taken in by the low price, but that was a mistake.  the machine arrived with a broken water tank -- it's made of a flimsy, cheap plastic, which was cracked when i took it out of the box, and leaked water when i filled it.  i'm sending it back for a refund -- the cheaper hamilton beach espresso maker i have now had a better-quality, sturdier water tank than this does.  don't buy this
is there a zero star available???.i do not own this particular machine but was compelled to write after laughing at another review...the person stated that he tried to contact customer service and left a message and never got a call back...i laughed because two years ago i received a delonghi coffee pot as a gift (therefore i had no receipt).  the pot was defective.  i couldn't exchange it cuz i had looked for them but didn't know where it had been purchased.  so, i decided to go straight to the source...delonghi.  they were hard to deal with and are not customer-oriented (read: the customer is not always right).  they would not replace their defective merchandise.  bottom line:  i would never buy a delonghi again based on principle alone
sateen sheets.the sheets were a good quality material. the thing that i didn't like about them is when i washed them they shrunk. the top sheet is too small to tuck in
1000 count my hiney.not even close to 1000 count, feels like they're made outta burlap.   do not believe the hype.  if it sounds too good to be true, guess what
and then there were three....these glasses are very pretty but not very hardy. out of a set of 8, i only have three left. i handwash all my dishes and all five glasses broke as i washed them. would not recommend. currently on the lookout for better quality.
horrible service and warranty issues.manual machines, without question,produce the best cup of espresso.  i have owned them in the past, and recently purchased a brand new la pavoni.  the machine arrived broken.  i could not even get one cup of espresso.  i called thinking that la pavoni would have me send back the machine and replace it. wrong.  i was told that this was not allowed, and the only option i had was contact one of there us service agents and arrange to have the machine sent to them for repair. even then they indicated that the repair expense would be my responsibility.  ..at this point what do you do?  so either i keep the machine as a useless decoration, or concede and try to fix it. .. i tried the three numbers they provided.  about 10 days have gone by, and i have called each number numerous times to no avail.  you never reach a real person. only a tape recording informing you that they would contact you as quickly as possible.  ..so, yes, a manual machine is the best, but la pavoni warranty and service is horrible.  if you want a manual,  try a different vendor...do
nice looking, but not nearly sharp enough.the trend for high end steak knives these days is to make them teeny tiny.  i liked these knives because they are bigger and look nice. so i got them even though they were cheap and i was suspicious about their quality...unfortunately, when i got them i discovered that they don't cut steak all that easily. i have some even cheaper steak knives with serrated blades that cuts much better than these
fake / false advertisement.a true j.a.henckels set has twin men on it, all the knives that target is showing as only one. can the people from target please explain this.
cheap but doesn't last.the grinder worked decently well until it broke after 9 months..the grinder is loud. you have to shake it in order to get all the beans down into the blades for grinding. besides that, it got the job done
waste of money.this unit worked exactly 2 times before the blade broke. then, it turns out the blade cannot be replaced so the entire unit must be returned to factory and replaced but they want a bill of sale which i can't seem to find. it might be the cheapest but in this case, you get what you pay for..
cheap but there are better.i bought this product because it's the least expensive model sold here in amazon.  i figured how bad could a relatively simple device with a singular function be?  while the unit does grind coffee, it is relatively loud, messy, and takes longer.  ..noise:  it's (relatively) loud.  this isn't a big deal if you're just at home but i use this in an office setting and i don't want to attract too much attention.  no model is whisper quiet but the motor and beans produce quite a cacophony...mess:  the design of the top fitting into the base isn't thought out.  the plastic safety top fits around the base instead of going into it.  as a result, there's some slight spillage of grounds when you take the top off.  in addition, you'll be hard pressed if you want to pour the grounds into the top after grinding and then measure the grounds from there because there's a indentation in the top that prevents easy scooping, thereby producing more mess...grind quality:  there is something is the blade design (i think because the blades sit a little higher from the bottom of the container) that prevents it from producing a fine grind no matter how long you hold the button.  ..the better models are those from krups and black  decker.  they are about $5 more but are worth it in terms of the above considerations.
chantal ceramic 1-quart teapot.poor quality.  returned product shortly after it arrived.  it drips all over the place.  recommend against purchasing this product, as you will probably be disappointed
fake: not as sturdy as it looks.judging from the price and the weight, i thought i was buying a garlic press that would be a pleasure to use and would last for ever. i was wrong...the appearance of sturdiness is entirely cosmetic that is fake.under the handles which look like solid metal with a plastic grip, you find that the center is a low-grade plastic.  you find this out when when the garlic press breaks, and you can see construction...i have never had a garlic press break before-- not even the very cheapest. total waste of money.
design flawed, indeed.handle just cracked and broke off for mine as well (see previous review).  i had bought mine in nov 2004 and used it about every other day
design flaws disappoint.i bought this garlic press because of the kitchenaid name and because i got tired of processing so many cloves of garlic with just a chef's knife.  when we got it, my husband (who shares cooking duty) was delighted at how it felt in his hands and at how much time it saved him.  i was disappointed with the size - a little too large for my average-size female hands. design flaw #1.  i rallied and continued to use it (with both hands) for about a year and a half.  yesterday, the handle cracked and broke off.  the metal portion of the press does not extend down the handle. design flaw #2.  i was pressing one small clove so i'm sure the break was not due to misuse.  i'm going to follow the america's test kitchen recommendation and get a zyliss next time
door problem.the door does not close properly.  i have to close it vigorously four or five times befor it closes securely.  i cannot get .amazon or quisinart to respond to my complaint
instruction warn that it may result in a kitchen fire!!.i thought that because it was made by cuisinart, that i could not go wrong. as i was reading the instructions, it says there are 3 adjustment levels, i check the oven, as there is no marking in the oven itself, and the tray sets the level, depending if it right side up, or right side down. funny, the try does not say which is up or down, i guess it up no matter which side faces up. if you have kids, besure to have fire insurance for your home, and good health insurance for your family, to cover the burns your kids may get. ..you thing i am joking, the instructions clearly state that if the toast is set on the high or low level, (of course it inpossible to tell with no markings in the oven, or on the tray itself, what level is the high or low setting that is dangerous), any way the instructions clearly state that if your food is set at the highest and lowers level, a """fire will probily occurr""".  so if you have older kids who use the toaster oven while you are at work, do not be surprise to come home to your house in flames and your child at the hospital...oh and the door does not close soon after you get it either
looks great, but....there's no doubt this toaster looks great sitting on your countertop.  and when it works, it works great.  but cuisinart needs to do more quality control.  the first one we ordered was defective - the cooking selection knob was broken.  three weeks later we got the replacement.  we've had it for two months and now the door won't close all the way.  reminds of the that neil young song...
too bad the door doesn't shut anymore.my husband bought me this toaster for my birthday in february of 2006 it is now october of 2006 and the magnetic door does not longer work. i thought this would be a good buy considering the brand and price, but i was wrong. i would not recommend this toaster at all
you get what you pay for..i bought this for my daughter a year ago for x-mas.  it is now flat as a pancake.  it didnt last 3 months to be honest.  its mostly air
almost junk.never advertise a product that isn't what it is. not a non-stick. after only a week of use, my eggs (sunny side up or scrambled) are sticking and i have used many types of oils and preheated the pan to different levels in the hopes of having them not stick. how can such an expensive pan work like a regular pan when it's supposed to be non-stick?..i never have to use scotch-brite pads to clean any of my cookware. and yet, i have to on this pan in order to get everything off of its surface. even pasta sauce sticks to this pan after i let it cool before cleaning...if you want a regular pan that looks like a non-stick, then this pan is for you. if you want a non-stick pan, buy a quality non-stick that only cost 1/3 the price. i'd go as far as saying never buy calphalon. this is the second anodized "non-stick" i have bought from them that is anything but non-stick. i was hoping this new infused technology is an improvement over my previous anodized stirfry. it is not. same old junk
no temprature function.i had put this item on my wedding registry thinking that it would be a convenient device to use when i am frying food.  however, when i used it i found two major things wrong with it.  one, the most important, the outer shell got so hot that i had to put a towel around it so that someone would not burn their hand.  two, it didn't have a temprature scale.  if i wanted to fry something at low heat, i couldn't, which i didn't think was very convenient.  i ended up returning the item and getting something else.
no size given.i ordered pyrex bakeware rectangular baking dish with lid b00081566y.i was amazed when they came that they were not 9x13. i had searched for 9x13 rectangular dish. when i rechecked the listing i see that no where in it does it say what size it is.
very disappointed.i bought this knive about 6 months ago.  when i first started using it it was great.  after about 2 weeks it became so dull i had to throw it away.  this knife can't be sharpened.  i recently bought a better knife that can be sharpened and i am very happy with it
measure it!!!.i've never liked my all-clad 3qt saute because it's too shallow. the 4qt seemed deeper so i bought one however when i got it home it appeared only slightly taller than my 3qt.  the 4qt should measure 3 1/4in, according to all-clad, but the one i bought was 2 7/8.  i tried to exchange it but all 5 in stock measured the same so i ended up returning it.  by my calculation, this is a 3.5 quart pan. if you have a 3qt, this isn't worth spending your money on
not worth it.this thing is made of very poor quality glass and plastic and is a messy way to cold brew coffee. you can get the same results putting coarsely ground coffee and water in a jar and straining it through cheese cloth. it's a waste of money
you'll be dissapointed.my wife and i were super excited to get this set as a wedding gift.  the pans look beautiful and we were eager to start using some great cookware.  the first dissapointing thing was that the color didn't last a single day.  as soon as you start using these pans they start discoloring and forming unsightly spots.  yes, this can be polished out, but you'll be spending a lot of time on it, and you're not likely to keep it up.  the second, and by far the biggest dissapointment is that these pans really don't cook food well.  i have tried every trick in the book and can not for the life of me cook an egg in these pans without it sticking.  the calphalon website reccomends various techniques, none of which worked for us.  lastly, you'll see many mentions of how fast your food will cook in these pans... which is also not true.  you're constantly reminded to use a low heat setting, or else your food will stick (which it will either way), so you end up cooking your food much longer than you're used to.  also, calphalon reccomends that refrigerated foods sit out for 10-15 minutes before adding them into a pan to prevent sticking (which also doesn't work).  at the end of the day, trying to cook something in these pans takes a long time..i reccomend what another reviewer wrote:  try one pan first to see if you can get it to work.  if you're happy with it, great.  more likely you'll be returning the set.
you get what you pay for!.i am not very picky when it comes to what i cook with, but these are total garbage. they seem to be coated with gallons of teflon, yet the food still stuck to the pan. (yes, cooking spray was used.) they also scratch easily. the handles on the pot feel insecure, and whenver i use it i'm a little afraid that they're going to fall off and scalding hot water will spill on my feet. very disappointing. for another $10-$20, you can get much better. i also feel this item was overpackaged, with three boxes and tons of styrofoam chips spilling out all over my apartment. i'm trying to shrink my carbon footprint here
do not waste your time with this iron..first the good news: when this iron works it is great. now the bad news: the iron rarely works.  i received this iron ten months ago and have had it in three times for repairs a month at a time.  the steam stops working all of the time and they keep sending back the same lemon iron to me.  for all of the money that i have paid for this it's costing me more than $1 per garment for ironing!  my $9 sunbeam from the drug store works better than this iron ... at least it turns on! rowenta says that they will give me no warranty credit for the time that the iron is in the shop.  talk about not standing behind your product. what a waste of time this has been
a cautionary note.i think that when you pull "too strong" a vacuum and then put the instant marinater into the refrigerator, the container implodes. i believe what happened was that the volume of what little air was left in the instant marinater "shrunk" due to the colder temperature of the refrigerator, increased the strength of the vacuum and that the sides of the container were not strong enough to withstand the forces. ..or maybe it was because there were some scratches on the surface of the container that was enough to sufficiently weaken the container wall. i was cleaning the item with a soft sponge and non-abrasive liquid dishwashing soap.before this incident, i had done the same as above (meat into instant marinader, pulled vacuum and put in refrigerator) without any problems. ..i think this item has a nice concept, but that the materials could have been stronger. another idea would be to have some sort of mechanism to prevent "too strong" of a vacuum pull
replacement parts problem.the marinater worked will until the rubber seal stretched and would no longer seal the top to the base......and i have just spent at least 30 minutes on amazon and still have no source for replacement of the seal.........i think that amazon  should also consider this when they are setting up sales for items.  many require replacement parts to continue functioning....and this is certainly true of the vacu vin products....if the seal does not fit well, the vacuume will not hold.....
wait for a future model.my husband and i registered for the vacuvin instant marinator for many of the same reasons as others did...for a quick marinate when we were on the run.  however, after a couple of uses, the vacuvin exploded in our refrigerator.  yes, i'm sure that we must have 'pumped' too much air into the container.  but, there should have been some sort of 'limit' indicator.  fortunately, it was a citrus marinade and wasn't too hard to clean-up.  ..while the idea is good, this product needs a little more work
vacuum marinater.product worked fine about 8 - 10 times, then pump valve failed. ..manufacturer web site inactive. i'd stay away from them. ..ray bissonett
now you tell me!!!.wished i'd read these reviews!  i'd had mine for a year or two (loved it), when it violently imploded, spewing sticky teriyaki marinade all over me, my kitchen and everything in it!  not fun.  i emailed the u.s. division of vacu vin, they offered a refund of the suggested purchase price, and i sent the unit back to them.  this model is no longer being made, as they are working on manufacturing a newer, larger model.  hopefully, it will be made sturdier and come with better user instructions and warnings!
be careful!.i think some of the other reviews mentioned this, but pumping too much can cause this item to implode.  it happened to me after the fourth or fifth time i used it.  now, up until this point it was a great item, and worked exactly as advertised, but for this thing not to have a simple safety valve built in is just silly.  or at least make the structure stronger.  me and the wife bought one of those vacumn sealer machines instead, and it works as well (if not better), and with greater versatility than the instant marinator.  so save your money, and buy something else instead. =-(
teflon kills birds.i used this oven liner when baking a pot roast on christmas day 2005.  both my cockatiel pet birds fell over dead during dinner.  i called the gas company and there was no carbon monoxide or gas leaks.  i found out about teflon products killing many other pet birds when i reseached teflon toxicosis
i do not like being lied to!.i purchased this product in a retail store. the packaging clearly states it is dishwasher safe. then after you unpack it, and read that if you put it in the dishwasher you void the ten year warranty! do not make the same mistake i did, avoid this product
roomba good--scooba bad!.i've had a roomba for 4 years and love, love, loved it, just recently it died after a series of different problems, but it worked so well for years i really feel i got my money's worth and bought a new 1.  i was so excited about the scooba and bought it just a few months after it came out --- it doesn't compare at all.  ..the scooba is horribly sensitive, it stops it's clean cycle all the time pretending to be stuck, even though it's standing free in the middle of room.  and, it never actually drys the floor.  but, judging from the amount dirty water pouring out of the dirty water bin, i imagine my floors have been cleaned.  the last time i used it, it didn't use all of the clean water, which is strange because it usually tells me it has run out of clean water a few minutes into the cleaning cycle. this tempermental mistress was a complete waste of money, though i still recommend roomba to anyone that will listen
worked only once.while the scooba did a moderately good job of cleaning my kitchen floor on my first attempt, after getting stuck multiple times, it has not worked since.  the vacuum fuction seems permanently disabled.  lovely idea but..... dont bothe
need your prompt response.unfortunately, i am not able to rate this product as looks like after going through a lot of expense and problems of purchasing the the special chlorx non bleach liquid from usa, the rubber strip from the mop got detached after 1st use.  what happened is at the first round, it did a great job of cleaning and drying, however, on it's second round the rubber strip fell out and i have no way to put it back as i do not see any special slot gor it to go back.  so ever since i am using the mop as is.  although it is doing ok job it does not dry or clean as well as when the rubber strip was attached.  i really do not know how to get hold of some one from amazon to complain about this.  as you know i buy quite a few items off the line with you, this is my 1st dissatisfaction.  and since i feel it is just for a defective merchandise, i ought to report it to you before discrediting your services.  i also did not get a 15% off coupon for the assessories as mentioned in the registration.  i certainly hope you will advise me as how to have this problem eradicated through your system, without me actully chasing the manufaturer..your prompt attention will be greatly appreciated
are you kidding me?!?.i just received this item as a gift, so i can't attest to its durability. i will tell you this, though....get ready for the fight of a life, just to use this cutting board. kitchenaid, a company manufacturing products for food preparation use, has stumbled upon the most chemically-impervious substance in the known universe, and used it to attach their labels to this item - not just on 1 side, but on both. after attempting to remove the glue residue with lighter fluid then nail polish remover, and ruining a brand new sponge trying to power through it, i think it's almost gone...congrats, kitchenaid, on your discovery. now just try keeping it off of your products
don't bother.this model has a lot wrong with it.  first of all, there is no switch to turn the steam off while you are using it, and even worse, there's no good place to rest the hose producing the steam while you change out the garments if you actually want to do more than one article of clothing at a time.  furthermore, the steamer itself does not work well, and does not efficiently remove wrinkles from clothing
complete waste of money and time!.this thing is an absolute disaster.  if i could give it zero stars, i would.  i've tried several times to use this piece of junk, and every single time i get irritated and just wear wrinkled clothes.  first of all, it takes longer than an iron to build up steam. second, it runs out of steam a lot and then you have to wait again for it to build up. third, if you try to steam any material other than ultra-thin women's dress clothes, you are in for a treat - a 10-20 minute treat of trying to get the wrinkles out.  i mean....i can iron 5 shirts in the time it takes to get one shirt sort-of-wrinkle-free.  keep in mind these are men's dress shirts with lots of creases, etc.  i'm sure a dress or skirt would be much easier.  oh, lets add the fact that the thing takes up a ton of closet space...bottom line: if you have tons of time to waste, money to waste, closet space, and a lot of patience, you might like this.  i for one will be wearing wrinkled clothes or using an iron from now on
disappointing.i was really disappointed with the cushion. my cat won't sit on it because of the crinkling noise it makes when she steps on it--catnip didn't even work. and it didn't seem to warm up very much when i used it
do not order!  seller can not deliver.don't waste your time and effort.  retailer doesn't have their act together for amazon partnership.  they promised me an order by december 12.  4 days and $13 in shipping fees later, i have no thermal cat quilt to give as gift at tomorrow's party.  don't let this happen to you.
handles not comfortable, high price.i shopped between the tri-ply and the simply calphalon (stainless) product lines... tried them out in a local store.  i recommend the simply calphalon which has a much more comfortable handle.  the tri-ply is quite a bit heavier; the handles are very uncomfortable with the tri-ply especially with the additional weight, even when empty;  it might have slightly better heat distribution than the simply line, however the simply line does have pretty good heat distribution; the tri-ply is quite a bit more expensive...go with simply calphalon stainless for better product for the price.  (i've owned my simply set for almost 2 years now -- very satisfied.
arrived split.this cutting board is very lightweight in person, possibly lighter than the plastic cutting board i have been using.  i regret ordering this as it arrived damaged (but still shrinkwrapped!) it looked like the cutting board separated along the gluing of pieces. hmph!  don't buy this.  i am going to try to return this without losing free shipping on the entire order but you should bear in mind the hassle of returning this very flimsy collection of toothpicks before you add it to your cart. ..p.s. mercifully, amazon is allowing the return of this item without losing free shipping.  i was about to boycott amazon because of the catch-22 i was in.
pillsbury chef melamine papertowel holder.papertowel holder has to be assembled and the screw on the bottom of pole is not long enough to keep the pole portion screwed onto the base, possible manufacture problem. the holder can not be used.
too hot to handle!!.the blades are nice and sharp, but this knife weighs a ton - not good, since you have to hold down the "on" switch the whole time. but worse than that was the overheating. the unit got hot after slicing up only half a loaf of biscotti. if it can't take that, how on earth would it make it through a whole turkey?! ..next time i'll lay out more cash for a knife that can actually handle a little work.
met my low expectations!.actually carved my turkey very nicely.  but the locking mechanism for the blades broke the very first time it was used
returned the product !.this was supposed to be a new item.  it definately wasn't.  the proctor label on the handle was worn and the blades were dirty.  i was very disappointed!  ..the switch doesn't have an on/off feature.  you have to hold it on while you're using it.  that's not good for people with hand trouble.
ugly grey food containers.i don't usually complain, but my monitor is color calibrated and it did not show the depressing grey color of the plastic containers.  it is depressing to even think of eating food from these...i'm going to send it to my friends in iraq and hope they can use it
peanuts.very disappointed ordered          4 glasseds 2 have slready broken poor judgement on my part for purchasing--.i was going to order more and also different sizes however after thids experience i am no
cheap li'l lawnmower....housed in cheap plastic. actually got some decent use out of it, spout difficult to clean, then it started falling apart. i think i paid around twenty bucks for it, wasn't a rip-off, but don't pay the forty they're asking now
inferior quality.used it once and the plastic jar developed a huge crack.  i didn't have ice in it, just soy milk and thawed cherries.     the motor was great, but a leaky container isn't worth it.  i'm returning i
absolute junk.  you can have mine for free!!.don't even think of buying this device unless you enjoy spending 15 minutes cleaning up after each use.  the pitcher base detaches itself from the pitcher after about 5 seconds of blending making an ugly mess everywhere.  after cleaning up that mess and screwing the base on tighter, it detaches itself after another 5 seconds...get the picture!  ..anything thicker than water won't pour through the spout, so that feature is completely worthless.  you absolutely cannot walk away while turned on or it will vibrate itself off the counter and onto the floor.  that is assuming that it doesn't self destruct and have parts and smoothie flying everwhere first.  ..the only reason anyone would give this even a 1 star rating is that zero wasn't an option to choose from.  you can have mine for free!
sleek look - but don't even think about replacement parts.due to my own fault, i broke the plastic jug of my brand new smoothie bowl.  this happened in september - it's now april, 7 months later and each time i've called villaware to get a replacement jug i'm told by yet another sympathetic individual that they don't have it in stock and - worse - don't know when it will become available.  i got a total of 6 uses out of what is now redundant machinery.  it was quite noisy, but hey, it's a smoothie maker.  they're *meant* to make a lot of noise.  if i recall back 7 months, it did make nice smoothies, and looks kind of cool too with the brushed aluminium.  it's just a shame that there's no way to get simple replacement parts.  i'd recommend pretty much any reputable brand over this one.  in my experience, most encourage you to continue to use their machinery by shipping replacement parts as quickly as possible
loud, poorly made, waste of money, 1 star is too much.i don't normally review items, but this was such a waste of money i had to warn people.  first of all, the cheap plastic container is not dishwasher safe...something that should be made clear on the box.  when the motor is running, the plastic cannister vibrates, even when it is locked in correctly, this is really loud.  the spout leaked, and the smoothie itself was not mixed well at all.  my cheap $15 blender from wal-mart was far superior to this piece of junk!  this was my first and last villaware product
a love-hate relationship comes to a close....my experience with this machine:..got this on closeout for thirteen bucks back in dec '04.  i was thrilled with my purchase until the first time the housing worked itself loose and the smoothie bar vomited sticky stuff into the silverware drawer.  after that i was careful to turn the housing in a *counter-clockwise* direction to tighten it (haven't they ever heard of lefty-loosey, righty-tighty?) and had no more problems there.  ..by may or so two teeth broke off the blade housing.  ::sigh::  called customer service and was promised a new *free* blade housing in 7 working days.  i started out pretty psyched, but 3 calls and a month later, was finally told the part was on backorder (guess we know why, huh?).  i was also given the third degree by a rude employee who acted like i was trying to pull one over on them.  spoke to the manager who sent me a blade housing in another color, so i was back in business...until the plastic pitcher cracked and the spout broke off.  i've owned the thing for 7 months, and used it heavily for only about 3.  the only original part still going strong is the motor...i don't get it.  why the cheap plastic?  the motor is powerful enough to mow my lawn and the blades zoom through ice, frozen fruit, and nuts to blend smoothies to perfect consistency. so why engineer this thing with a plastic housing, pitcher, and pour spout?  i'd be willing to pay twice the price for glass and metal.  instead i get to add another disposable product to our ever-growing landfill
smoothie hell.i am very disappointed with this appliance. i have had the same problems with it as many others: the carafe will not stay attached to the blade assembly and leaks liquid out of the bottom. the drip tray vibrates and flies all over the place and the appliance is loud. after using it for a few weeks i discovered that two of the three tabs that hold the blade assembly onto the carafe had broken off. clearly, villaware needs to listen to their customers and initiate a redesign of this product.
poor pour.yes, it looks good in my blue kitchen. but the water doesn't pour cleanly out of the spout - it's more like uncontrollable spewing, even when "poured" slowly, and boiling water splashes all over the counter. also very difficult to fully empty. sorry i threw out the box, or i'd send back
unnecessary unless you have really bad tasting water in your house.if you use filtered water for making your coffee (i.e., brita filter; under-sink reverse osmosis filter; built-in filter for your refrigerator's in-door ice and water; etc.) you do not need to filter the water again in your coffee maker.  i would only suggest buying these filters if your water is not filtered and tastes bad from the tap.  otherwise, these filters are a huge waste of money
disappointing.i thought these measuring cups were going to be great to have, since they include the 2/3 cup and 3/4 cup "extras" that come in so handy.  however, i have found two things i don't like about them: 1) ingredients don't release well from the texture of these cups, for some reason, and 2) the measuring cups i own are black (i assume these are the same, although there is currently no photo on this site) and started out with brightly colored dots on the handles with the "1" or "1/2" inside them.  after only having them a few months, the dot on the 1 c. measure has completely worn off and a couple of others are showing wear.  these have always been washed by hand, too.  this is particularly inconvenient because the 2/3 and 3/4 cups make it much harder to distinguish by size just by looking at them.  someone needs to go back to design and start over
this slow cooker is awful!  cooks too hot.slow cookers should do just that....slowly cook over a long period of time without the meat/chicken/etc. drying out.  both times i used it resulted in overly cooked chicken and beef on the low setting.  the juices were boiling, which shouldn't be the case on low heat.  it will be returned...i'm planning on replacing it with the west bent 84765
carafe leaks - buy a bunn.the carafe leaks when you pour coffee into your cup, as well as pouring water into the machine - to make the coffee. poor carafe design. i spent over $300.00 for this machine! it is sad that engineers could overlook such and important component! the spout on the carafe, regardless of how the carafe is placed, leaks water when pouring. i am going back to my bunn, which is a superior product in my opinion.
design flaw.i don't understand how people can overlook any major issue which is not present in much cheaper coffee makers.  the spout on the carafe, regardless of how the carafe is placed, leaks steam which collects on the body of the coffee maker and drips all over the place.  it sizzles when it contacts the warmer plate, which is an unsettling sound, and it collects on the counter top ... the more time the more water that appears.  and the carafe looks just plain goofy to me.   i also have the bunn, which has coffee grounds coverage issues (you will see dry untouched areas if you make a very small pot), the bunn is a superior product in my opinion...kitchenaid claims to have redesigned the carafe lid to reduce the steam, i've ordered one and i'll re-review if the improvements are significant
disappointed.we were so excited to get this as wedding gift, but after just three uses we can't use it anymore! why? sauces burnt so easily in it that we can't get the burnt sauce off the "non-stick" pan. before you buy it realize that this is a very small sauce pan and it burns food easily
handle gets hot!.sure this pan is small, price is right, perfect for a can of soup - but am i the only one wishes the handle didn't get hot!  i hate that.  be sure to have a hot pad handy otherwise you'll burn yourself when you try to grab the handle while cooking
what a mess!.this appliance is a design nightmare. there are insert bowls which are supposed to give increased versatility for small projects. however the main bowl is notcompletly covered by the inserts and if you are grating cheese the grated cheese gets into both bowls and around the rims. the edges of the bowls, the tops and the grater disks have rims and crannies that get coated in whatever you are working with and have to be cleaned with a toothpick or knife tip. today i was grating motzarella and the top sprang off while grating, spraying the entire coutertop with grated cheese. i thought perhaps it had not locked completly and tried again, again it popped off at the back and the motor kept turning spraying cheese and presenting a saftey hazard. i have had cuisinarts for 30 years and when the last one started looking a bit grubby i decided to try kitchen aid because of its good rating. boy do i feel ripped off.the cuisinart cleanup was 5 minutes, even when this food processor works properly there is a 20 minute cleanup. in short beware
ok while it lasted.pretty good grind. nice fluffy coffee, good grind range. plastic top broke when trying to remove it, destined for the landfill. $89 comes to about a dollar per use...i think i'll buy a grinder that is made to last. the capresso 560.01 sure isn't made to last
maybe its just me?.the two stars are for the actual reduction gear driven burrs. they are great. but the rest of the contraption ... well? if i roast and grind my own coffee i'm obviously particular. here's my grief with this machine (a gift). it's difficult to remove all the coffee grounds; you need a brush, other than supplied, and to turn it upside down and tap and poke into the orifices to remove the coffee (do you want stale coffee commingling with the fresh grind you have gone to all that trouble to obtain?). the machine is difficult to pick up in one hand while cleaning with the other (i have average sized male hands). finally, i had the grinder about three months when the delicate plastic bean hopper jammed in its retaining grove that determines the coarseness of the grind. frustratingly, i could not work or wiggle it loose. reluctantly i began applying a gradual increase of torque when it "broke" free! btw i have worked with and designed mechanical devices for much of my career. anyway, net ... net ... it's not worth the effort and expense to repack and return for repair or replacement, because i don't want another one of their products. i'll go back to my old fashion hand crank burr grinder. so this sad tale is the accounting for the remaining three stars i didn't give it
never got it started.i wanted to like this machine and was excited to receive it. unfortunately the top wouldn't fit properly into the base and it had to be returned. i'm ordering a different brand today
love the dinnerware, hate the mugs!.the design of the mug handles is such that one cannot drink hot liquids without burning the skin of the fingers that are inside the handle.  if i could replace just the mugs, i'd be a happy camper
do not buy this set !.i bought this set a month ago and was amazed to discover that the handles rust very easily ! i usually really like calphalon stuff but these knives suck. do not buy
i did not like these knives.when i first got them, i was amazed. they looked beautiful. they were good in design, and they are light. however, after one week passed, i saw rust on them. one month later, they looked ugly anymore because of rust. disappointing for me
poor design.this silicone pan's fluted sides are far too "pointy", for lack of a better word.  the part of the cake in the narrow "points" cooks much faster than the rest of the cake, leaving you with burned, or over-cooked edges.  my other problem may be common to all silicone bakeware, but this pan doesn't brown cakes, it simply heats them, leaving you with a somewhat mushy and pale cake exterior, especially around the inner tube.  i'm going back to a metal bundt pan
not as good as binder clips.i bought these, but there not as strong as binder clips, that i bought at the stationary store, and the binder clips are alot less money, and you get a box of them, not just 4.....  i don't keep a bunch of junk cliped on my refigerator, so i kept these ox0 clips in the drawer, they also take up more space then the binder clips do.....i'm not impressed with these clips.but i gave them a 2 star for color!!! big deal lol...
suggested alternative.i gave up on plastic chip clips after my mom showed me an obvious improvement: binder clips. all metal construction, and a box of 12 costs less than just one of these plastic clips. i use them everywhere. only loss is that they don't have magnets on them.
exquisite product -as long as you don't intend to use it..this stunning slice of kitchen couture is undoubtedly a tactile and aesthetic dream - built with quality materials like real metal (not silvery plastic), and sporting a sophisticated, drop-dead gorgeous retro appeal.  it looks equally as impressive in the hippest new york loft kitchens as it does on the shelves of williams-sonoma. ..however, as is the case when function follows form, this is a horrible blender.  don't get me wrong - i'm more than willing to forgive a modicum of piss-poor functionality if the design is attractive enough to render the former irrelevant.  but quite frankly, this blender is beyond bad...most unfortunate is the blender's propensity to splash everywhere - even when the user deliberately reinforces the lid onto the jar by hand.  it seems to make little difference how much or what type of liquid one is mixing; it inevitably overflows with explosive fervor.  i suspect that the unit's quasi-industrial motor may be a contributing factor; it only supports two speeds: off, and jet-cyclonic.  while i admit that the minimalist toggle switch is profoundly chic in its own right, the consequences of omitting ramp-up speeds are overbearing, consistently messy, predictably inconvenient, and potentially dangerous (as liquid tends to flow liberally into the motor housing).  the irregular cloverleaf shaped jar also seems to play a role in splattering liquids upward; and the blender's poorly-sealed lid does little to stop it from overflowing in dramatic fashion.  in fact, this blender splashes so profusely that it's nearly unusable...it's too bad, because superficially, this blender really is quite the objet d'art.  but when it comes to meeting the minimum requirements for acceptable performance, it has a long way to go - even in comparison to a $29 oster.  ..if i had to summarize this blender as accurately, succinctly, and fairly as possible, i'd distill it down to one word - "regrettable."
the cannister is too small.and when i requested a  return amazon said they would send me a return label, but didn't.  nor did they respond to my email advising i never received the return label.  this is my last order from amazon
don't bother.very dissapointed.  i was looking for one that that would be powerful, but i didn't need a huge tank.  this isn't much different than a cheap vacuum.  it doesn't pick up much.  i would hate to see what the lower horsepower models do.
rusting knives.i registered for this item and decided against it after finding similar  flatware at bbb. i had the same problem with rust on the knives with two other brands of flatware that were 3x's more expensive than non-stop satin. the same thing happened in each case...the knives rusted after 2 or 3 times in the dishwasher. if you read other reviews you will notice that most often people complain about the knives. i have tried jetdry to see if there is improvement. bbb replaced the entire set
good price-bad quality.four days after i bought this set, there were little rust spots on the whole set, mostly the knives though.  i even called the company to complain, and never got a response.  very frustrating
good thing there's a waranty..my thermometer worked great... right up until it didn't.  like some other's, mine now reads about 25-30 degrees higher than it should.  at least there is a five year waranty
dead after one drop.my cdn digital fell to the wood floor once, and since then it has been reading high by approximately 30-40 degrees.  no amount of removing battery, probe or pressing buttons has changed this.  another addition to the the landfill
started off fine, but then....this scoop started off fine, but the spring broke rather quickly.  still used it for awhile, but was disappointed overall
what a piece of junk!.i have always trusted oxo products, but this time i was woefully mislead.   the internal ejector blade broke with the very first scoop of ice cream.  bad, bad product.  don't waste your money on this one
not tough enough....the handle is not very sturdy for leveraging hard ice cream.  the metal shaft only extends for two-thirds of the length of the handle, leaving an empty rubber sheath for the final third.  overall, not a terrible scoop, but i expected a better handle out of a product that is called quot;good gripsquot;
lefties unite!.it looks nice, but too bad it won't work for me.  i'd buy the left-handed version, though.  :-
