hissing is a bad thing.we own the hts3400 bought at costco.  it is possible that the newer "d" model has fixed the hissing we hear during stand-by mode.  we have owned it about a year now and i believe it is getting louder.  when the house is quiet i can hear it in the next room.  it doesn't bother my wife; she finds it restful.  i don't like it because i don't think it should be making any sound at all.  given the choice i would not buy this product again
joe barone big buyer.cases very cheaply made. break when opening. not worth shipping cost waste of money
too hard to open.it is difficult not to break them when first trying to open them.  on the flip side once they have been opened once, they don't reclose very well
coasters!.i wish they had a rating for zero stars.  i bought the fifty pack and had 12 good burns and 38 coasters.  that's a 24% success rate.  i subsequently bought verbatim data life and have burned 14 so far with no coasters.  memorex has really gone downhill.
the good gone bad.i'm afraid i have to agree with the other previously happy memorex users in noting that memorex quality/success rate has gone downhill.  i was skeptical when i read the other reviews and i stuck with memorex, but i have seen the light now. for a year i was very successful with the dvd+r memorex disks.  in the 25 pack spindles i would buy, they would all work....so in aug '04 i bought 2 25 packs at circuit city (a mistake?).   that appears to have been a waste of money.  i just tried to burn a copy of something and i ended up trashing 4 disks in a row.  i was  convincing myself it was my hardware or program or something else.  then i remembered someone had given me a blank sony dvd-r disk, so i thought what the heck, let me try that one.    into the sony drive it went and it copied without a hitch.   that was the final straw for my memorex loyalty.  out of a pack of 25, i have about 10 left, but have had to trash 6 of the 15 i used. not a good success ratio.  bye memorex
stay away... recent quality is terrible.i've previously purchased memorex media dvd+r and have not had any problems until recently. my latest purchase has given me infinitely more grief and frustration than the initial purchase price... where do i start, how about the fact that the media is labeled as 4x and only burns at 2.4x (gray spindle)? how about the fact that files and videos have errors causing file corruption and/or video dropouts (stutter or dvd lock-up)?. i thought it was my recorder until i read all the reviews... there has been a huge drop in quality recently. if you want to gamble with the recent sub-par quality of the memorex branded media and "hope" every thing turns out ok by all means make your purchase here. for me, i'm dumping more than 50% remaining on the spindle because the media is completely unreliable and worthless for anything other than coasters
piece of crap stopped working the same day.i got this item and it worked for about 4 hours, then stopped working, i tried the reader in 2 different computers nothing... i contacted lexar customer support and they couldn't help me, save your money and buy something else
waste of time.i used this reader for a week before it stopped working. it worked ok for the week that it worked at all. it would not read xd cards though. it did not detect that a card was inserted at all. i tried inserting the card fully, partially and even tried jiggling it a little. it seemed like the contacts on the card were touching the contacts on the reader but it would not recognize that a card was inserted. it did, however, work with my compact flash card. then, inexplicably, it stopped functioning entirely. i unplugged it and plugged it back in and scanned for hardware changes in device manager but the card was dead. i tried plugging it into another computer and it was not detected at all.  lexar support left a lot to be desired. i explained the problem in detail and the response i got was a generic "try restarting the computer, etc, etc." then, they wanted me to pay for shipping to rma their defective merchandise. i sent it back to amazon instead and got my money back. i'm willing to assume that i just got a lemon, but the piss poor tech support convinced me to get a  refund rather than a replacement.
buy sandisk instead.i recently received this as a christmas gift, and it didn't work from the start. after much time wasted with their "tech support" the device was deemed defective. their tech support is very poor - all they could say, "try another xd card". the device kept freezing my system, the driver that came with the software didn't work, a very frustrating experience. if the tech support was more informative or supportive, lexar might have redeemed itself. i recently purchased the sandisk 5 in 1 reader and it works like a charm, right from the start. their quick start guide is much more detailed, and their software works! save yourself a headache and buy sandisk
lexar media 2.0 doesn't deliver!.the lexar media 2.0 cannot function smoothly with a one gigabyte card from olympus. the help site explains how, with my mac, i can reboot my computer in os 9 classic then, download the pictures, then reboot in os x. not a satisfactory solution. i felt screwed on discovering this after the purchase. i feel like i simply acquired electronic junk. there was no response from lexar when i emailed support, which simply added to my feeling of being had
please read this before you invest  your cash in this product!!!!.first off let me state for the record that i only buy sony , but i have to.advise you against the purchase of the bean walkman. i purchased one in march 2006 and returned it september 2006, as i had purchased replacement.insurance and was able to return it because it broke. it is hard to turn off and the usb port cover always pops open, not to mention the headphones.always pull out. the fm receiver is hard tune in the daylight as the screen is invisiable. save your self the hassel!!!!!
not usable due to sonicstage.hardware awesome, software a flop. since you have to use their software the package is destroyed. i will give you the final nail on the coffin for me. i tried to put podcasts on the device using the latest sonicstage 4. no chance. it wants to be able to find each "artist" in the sony library. this was bad for the odd bit of music it could not find but obviously it can not find the podcasts in their library...i had bought one of these and had considered one for the girlfriend - no chance now. shame as the hardware was a1
finally got rebate.i had all the same rebate issues with this item as others, so if you are buying this cd case just because of the rebate, please don't.  i did finally receive my rebate, 4 months later after a second mailing in and irate email.  i just cashed the check and i'm crossing my fingers that it actually goes through!  the product itself seems okay.  i can see if you use it a lot that the zipper might break, but i rarely get into my cds so i haven't had that issue yet.  however, i do not plan to ever buy from this company again because of all the rebate run around.  a very dishonest company if you ask me.  good luck to everyone else waiting for a rebate
coming apart at the seams.in theory an excellent product -- room for lots of disks, relatively compact and attractive however i purchased three of these (2 for me 1 for a friend) i can't say how his is doing but both of mine have faulty zippers, making  it impossible to close the binders and therefore losing much of their attractiveness and compactness. (...). all in all, a disappointment
xtreme tb264dko 264-disc cd/dvd case - rebate problem.i also bought this item.  sent in all of the required documents, including original upc.  rebate denied because upc was not included.  i emailed them 3 times stating that i did in fact enclose it .  also quoted the number from the copy of it that i retained.  to date, have heard nothing from them.  i have now filed a complaint with the texas attorney general, and will follow up and file with the better business bureau and the ftc...ji
slooooooooow.this card is such a disappointment.  it is soooo sloooooow.  i use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, and ipaq.  it takes forever to copy anything to and from it
doesn't work with sd audio.as the other reviewer found out, these cards can't be formatted to work with sd audio.  total waste of money
compatible?.i am sure this product works wonderfully with most devices, however, with my panasonic sv-sd80 mp3 player, this product was not compatible.  i could still transfer files to it but it could not be formatted to sd audio support
not a good product.the fm tuner would not bring in a clear station without interference from nearby stations.  the radio part, hence, was worthless.  the speakers are sub standard, no depth.  without the remote, little can be done.  all in all, it is not worth trying.  my cheap 20 year old sony boombox is of much higher quality
also disappointed.i purchased this boombox over a year and a half ago.  what i do like about is that it was hard to find a boombox with a remote and mp3 playback.  i agree that it could have been better.  it would be nice to be able to rewind from the first to the last.  you cannot rewind/fast forward in the song in mp3 format but you can do it with a regular audio cd. sometimes i like to hear a certain portion of a song again, but i will have to play the entire song again. i no longer have the remote and there are some things that i cannot do anymore.
crappy tuner.i`m very dissapointed with this boombox. the fm tuner has too much interference the fm is fine if you listen to a strong station but if you tune to a weaker station and your close to a downtown area you will hear 4 or 5 strong stations bleeding through the weaker ones. i`ve tried ajusting the coils but this model has no ajustments for fm only am the am has bleed too so if you try to pick up distant stations at night you may hear the strong station next to it. for example i live in atlanta ga so the strongest am signal is 750 wsb so if i try to tune into 780 wbbm at night i get 750 bleeding through i have had other panasonic boomboxes that don`t have this trouble with am. so if you listen to the radio like i do please check it out you`ll see what i mean. i hope panasonic will correct this on future model
don't buy.i wasted a day trying to get this to work on two different pcs.  the first, a dell m50 precision laptop with 1 gb memory and a 1.8 ghz processor, would capture sound just fine, but only color haze for video.  i thought that it was because the m50 has underpowered usb 1.1 ports, so i wasted the second half of my day on my newer faster desktop (also 1gb memory).  the best that i got was audio with the sound speeded up (voices sounded like they were on helium) and the same color haze for video.  apparently, it doesn't pay to scrimp in this area.  i will promptly return the product and look for something better. from the other reviews, it doesn't appear that wasting more time putzing with tech support would prudent
don't buy.  terrible terrible product.like so many others in these reviews (i should have read them first!), i can categorically say that this is one of the worst software/hardware products i've ever bought.  it does not work, tech support is useless, and you should not even try to make it work. i am a computer expert with a great computer, and there is absoutely nothing i can do to make this work.  don't buy.
don't buy this!.this isn't a consistent product. 99% of the time, i can't get it to work. after months of emails and phone calls, customer service responded. what a joke! they told me the plug in the unit and then unplug, wait 30 seconds, and then plug in. gimme a break! i shouldn't have to do the hokie pokie just to get it to work. by the way, their process didn't work. poor product, poor customer service, poor price
*buyers beware*! check your camera model before you buy this.these cards only work with camera that supports the write acceleration !! otherwise the speed is no different from a 12x card. there is nothing wrong with the card in terms of capacity or quality...i have given a single star rating coz it should clearly state that the 80x speed is only possible with cameras supporting write acceleration !!..very few camera support this technology and one can easily get the same capacity ( 12x ) at 1/4 the mentioned price. so why pay more if your camera does not support this technology !
intermittently working.i just purchased a set of two 4 channel westinghouse intercoms and they worked only intermittently.  if i tipped one of the units, it worked sometimes, as though it had a bad connection.  i am trying to return them now to the seller.  good luck if you purchase a set of these.  they seem to be hit or miss as to whether you get a good set
not for large houses with more than one electrical circuits.i bought a set of four westinghouse intercoms.  usually people buy intercoms because they have a large house and don't want to have to trapes all over it to communicate with other people.  these westinghouse intercoms (and i believe the same goes for the novi intercoms) require that all itercoms be on the same electrical circuit (that is, controlled by the same electrical breaker).  so, if your kitchen, family room, master bedroom, and garage outlets are on different breakers in your main electrical control panel and you want to set up an intercom system, the westinghouse system will not work for you...intercoms are usually for large houses...large houses usually have more than one electrical circuit for outlets...hence, this product likely will not work for most people.  i replaced the westinghouse intercom system with one by another manufacturer called the wirefree intercom reporter...this is a four channel system and it works great...works either with batteries or transformer...it is independent of the electrical circuits
just a comment about the different circuits.this is not technically a review, although based on what i've read i do plan on buying one of these.  however, i found something on smarthome.com which will inter-connect the two main circuits that most houses have, thus allowing devices like this (and x10) work from any outlet to any other.  this is not yet tested by me, but is at least promising...device is here:.http://www.smarthome.com/4816b2.html..explanation is here:.http://www.smarthome.com/images/4816dgm_big.jp
lost budapest photos.i was in the middle of my second day of a long awaited trip to budapest when this card died. i was using my new canon rebel xt, which had no problems with my 1 gb cards throughout my 17 day trip. i lost an entire day of photos. i would not recommend this product to anyone
rip-off: doesn't advertise that you need an ac adaptor.i would like to believe that this hub works well- but i wouldn't know.  i bought it to reduce clutter on my desk from all my devices hooking into my powermac.  i hooked up my printer, ipod and digital camera and nothing happened.  i called targus and they said i needed an a/c adaptor.  it doesn't come with one and doesn't say anything about one in the manual or instructions, or their website.  they said i could get it at radio shack and gave me the info (5 volt, 2.1 amp, center positive).  i've been to two radio shacks and online- they don't carry it.  i'm upset.  any advice
an expensive disaster.i replaced 4 novi units which had slowly failed over many years of use with 4 reporters.  attracted by the true wirless nature of the reporter, i was willing to spend the extra money over competitve brands.  unfortunately the quality of the reporter units is extremely poor as all four units failed after only a little ove one year of light use.  failure modes ranged from no transmit on two units, no receive on one unit and completely dead on the fourth unit... all with new batteries and resetup per the instructions.  don't waste your money
stopped working after an year.bought this from amazon.  worked well for compact flash cards.  always complained that i should format the card whenever i used multimedia card (from kodak camera).  so i was never able to use it to transfer pictures from a kodak camera.  and all of a sudden, it died on me.  had to throw it out
nah.you can get a 4 pack of emerging power 2100 mah batteries for 9.95 on this very site.   i did.  they work great.  why would anyone pay almost 30 bucks just for the batteries.  ridiculous
compact but otherwise basic and unimpressive....i received this as a christmas gift and while it's compact, there are a couple of major flaws.  the power button is the only thing on the remote that works.  none of the other controls on the remote work.  second, it's very basic.  i would have preferred something that had some "sleep" or auto shut off mechanism that could be set using the remote control.  the only positive comments i have about this are that it's compact and looks tidy on a desk or shelf, and it charges the ipod really quickly when it's docked.  otherwise, the sound is mediocre and the controls suck.
sound is disappointing..i bought this product to use in my small office knowing that with the size of the speakers the sound would not be suitable for loud playing or large areas. with this in mind i have to say that i found the sound to be poor. even with the bass turned up and the treble down it still sounded tinny and weak. i did like the fact that it accommodated my older, 1st generation ipod and had several attachments for the various versions of ipods. i bought it because it did accept my older ipod and because of the price, but i sent it back and bought the im7 which has great sound and accepts my old ipod for a price that is not that much more
not for textbooks.i wish i never bought this because it was not sturdy enough for textbooks.  if you put a textbook on it and turn the page, it collapses and or tears the page.  i wouldn't even use this for a notebook.
didn't work for me..i tried to install the driver on my computer. ..the computer went into a loop, just booting, shutting down, and rebooting. i was able to get the computer into safe mode and use system restore to revert to an earlier point...i'm scared to try it again...any body want it? i'll sell it cheap. for that matter, just pay the postage and it's yours
garbage.i suffered with this clock for a year because it was a gift and expensive.  even on the lowest setting the blue glow is so bright my finace says it looks like an alien spaceship is landing in the room.  the sound is so-so and it has no battery backup, lose power for a second and you have to reset everthing.  it is also very big, taking up 1/2 my nightstand.  the final straw was that it has trouble tuning in even the strongest radio stations where i live.  this morning i finally gave in, accepted reality and tossed it in the trash.  i won't miss it at all
not a lot of a value for the money.too many disadvantages:.1. no battery backup.2. even on the brightest setting the clock are barely visible from the distance..3. you'd be expecting better sound from this unit. it's acceptable with the radio, but cd sound quality is extremely poor..4. etc.
no battery back up!!.we bought this clock radio, got it home, set it up, realized that it didn't have battery back up, called sony only to find out that they do not find it necessary to put that feature on their alarm clocks....how bizarre!!  they do not carry battery back up on any of their new models according to their representative at the customer service center!  boxed it up and it's going right back where it came from.  if it's okay not to have battery back up, it might deserve a chance, however, what's the use in having an alarm clock if you can't trust that it will indeed wake you up
sucks!.bought new around $80.  cd player and lcd clock stopped working within 6 months--now nap function and radio are all that works--if only i could find the damn receipt!!!
do not buy!.looks slick, decent sound and great price but..flimsy attenna and cd player broke after 1 week (on its own - i didn't even open it up after loading in the first group of cds).  took it to jvc repair and they couldn't fix it or find out was wrong.  ruined my impression of jvc...remember the wisdom "you get what you pay for". . .
is there a zero stars?.this is the worst thing i have ever owned!!!! it broke (said there were no cd's inside) after about a week! do yourself a favor don't get this product, don't buy this brand and don't buy from sears they sucked about the whole thing too
jvc used to be reliable - not any more :(.pros: it's pretty..cons: it's garbage..sure wished i had checked here at amazaon before i bought this - i can't believe jvc put out such garbage!  so many of these cd players have broken that they can't keep up with the replacement parts (5 week wait?!!)..i guess i was one of the luckier ones - mine lasted almost 2 months before it died...bottom line: if you haven't bought yet, look elsewhere.  if you have, keep your receipt and warranty handy..
cd changer died - can't get a replacement part for warrantee.like many others here, my cd-changer died after a couple of weeks and it wouldn't read any cd. it's in for repair, but they say the changer part is on national back order and they don't know when they will be available. no surprise, i guess given the number that are breaking. the jvc parts web site says the changer is not available for "more than 3 weeks." i hope they will replace my unit with something that works
sounds great, cd player dies.great appearance and sound, jvc has produced a nice sounding unit.  speakers look as great as they sound, no problem handling bass at loud levels.  tuner is very easy to use, usb input works flawlessly.  now the bad news, the cd mechanism breaks down and is unable to read any cd, whether store bought or mp3 burned.  first unit died after three weeks, the replacement lasted five.  cd player mechanical design is unable to handle light use.  will think twice about buying a jvc again..
sd slot stopped working!.the sd slot stopped working last night - very frustrating. the compact flash card slot still works, though. i noticed a reviewer mentioned that it didn't work with their 4gb sd card. it did work with my transcend 150x 4gb sd card.
doesn't work with fujifilm xd type m cards.tried to use fujifilm 1gb xd cards, type m, doesn't recognize them. still trying to resolve situation with lexar, they say that despite package claim of xd compatibility another reader model rw023 is needed
does not work with large sd cards.buyer beware.  this reader does not work with large sd cards.  i could not get it to work with a new 4 gb sd card.  my 1 gb cards work fine, but anything over that will probably not work.  i confirmed with with lexar technical support as they have not tested this yet
it was surprise for me.before i bought this reader i considered 2 models 12-in-1: lexar and sandisk. i decided to buy lexar..i bought this reader to use mostly with memory stick. i have 2 cards: 128 mb and 1 gb. i had no problem with 128 mb card. .but i could not insert my gig card into this reader. it just did not go. i tried hard trying not to break the card - no success. it was a surprise for me. may be because my card was made not by lexar - by sandisk...? i contacted lexar but did not get any explanation of this problem..any way i had to send it back and buy 12-in-1 sandisk reader.
rip-off: doesn't advertise that you need an ac adaptor.i would like to believe that this hub works well- but i wouldn't know.  i bought it to reduce clutter on my desk from all my devices hooking into my powermac.  i hooked up my printer, ipod and digital camera and nothing happened.  i called targus and they said i needed an a/c adaptor.  it doesn't come with one and doesn't say anything about one in the manual or instructions, or their website.  they said i could get it at radio shack and gave me the info (5 volt, 2.1 amp, center positive).  i've been to two radio shacks and online- they don't carry it.  i'm upset.  any advice
dont waste your money.grossly over-priced and useless - sony's $10 headphones sounded just as good.  the headphone fit in the ear s uncomfortable at best
doesn't fit 03 envoy.i was so excited to get this for my ipod.  i love listening to my music in my car, but was really disappointed when it wouldn't fit into my 2003 gmc envoy.  there are two cup holders in the front, and granted they are in weird spots, but the tunedok wouldn't fit.  if i put it in the front cupholder, it would interfere with the gear thing, and if i put it in the back cupholder i had no where to put my cups, plus it interfered with the box.
do not buy this card if you have nvidia chipset.pros: perfect sound, solved resampling issues..cons: famous popping/crackling noises makes it useless for gaming, especially in bf2 (which use openal by creative). crystallizer is useless...this card has the most advanced sound processor which does not work on at least 20% of high end systems, not only nvidia nforce 4 chipset, but also with other amd and intel cpu motherboards: see google for "x-fi popping/crackling".  even if you do not have in game crackling immediately, you have a good chance to get it after any memory or hd upgrade or driver configuration change. for long time  creative denied existence of this problem. eventually it was recognized (see official cl forums) and a new driver (since november 2005!) was promised at the end of may 2006, but beta version published 05/30/06 did not solve my problem. in the case of old audigy 2 zs the problem was solved with unofficial "hacked" drivers. i suspect that x-fi crackling is an architecture design flow, which cannot be completely solved at software level, because pci bus cannot provide sufficient memory access for the "the fastest sound processor" simultaneously with high end graphic card, hd controller, and other devices. ..bottom end: i have to stop playing games, or go back to low quality integrated sound. do not take risk, wait for working drivers, or buy a working card from different manufacturer. with fixed drivers i would give this card 4 or 5 stars...update 06/12/2006.i found that many desktop motherboards (mb) have really slow south bridge (south bridge is connecting pci, usb, firewire, and hd to cpu directly or through north bridge), especially mbs with nvidia chipsets (and even with some intel mbs). new beta x-fi driver and mb bios updates solved the problem in many cases (but not for my mb asrock k8nf4g-sata2, nvidia 6100 / 410 mcp chipset), but situation is still marginal and x-fi might go unstable again. i contact cl customer service, they did not solved the problem, but pointed out that ati chipsets (athlon 64, ati 200 or 3200) have no problems with x-fi. i decided not to return sb to seller, but save it for a new computer with ati based mb. i guess that majority of workstation class mbs with upscale south bridge and pci-x (even nvidia based) also should be fine with x-fi. the trouble is that majority of x-fi buyers have generic nvidia based mbs like me. so i can give x-fi two stars instead of 1 (but i cannot change the rating), and even more stars if it will work well in my new computer of after new driver release (if it will work)
beware the shipping costs.i thought this would be a great buy, but the shipping costs make it more expensive than best buy.  screw that
i whish i'd received written conformation!.i paid for it and got an e-mail link but have yet to receive the written conformation. called the 1800#. it's been a month. if it's this hard to get the plan i wonder how it will be if i need to replace my product
that's why i hate apple.never seen a worse, less intuitive, inconvenient to use and worsely documented software that itunes. apples is up to it's usual standard. that's precisely why i prefer not to mess with it
apc 350es - very poor ups.i had the same experience as the reviewer on 11/17/2005.  i tested the ups by shutting off the power at the breaker.  within a minute, the ups software shut down the computer (i had set for 4 minutes, so obviously the battery wasn't going to hold up long.  only load was computer, monitor, and router).  at any rate, the shut down was successful.  but upon power-up, about 30 seconds into the reboot, the ups beeped and cut power to the battery-backup outlets, which killed the computer mid-bootup and killed the router for a second or so..absolutely worthless, as the whole reason i wanted the ups was to prevent shutdowns during the occasional 2 minute power blips i have here
too small for most computers..i would not recommend this unit for most computers as the battery is too small to provide reasonable runtime.  under a 200w load it only lasted 3 minutes while the back-ups es 500 lasted almost 12 minutes.  the es 500 is only slightly more expensive but provides much longer runtime.  in my opinion this ups is only good for very small loads (less than the average computer)
the apc damaged equipment warrantee is worthless......i don't own this specific apc product, but i do own other apc products...my home was hit by lightning on july 2, 2004 during a severe lightning storm. both of my garage door openers were destroyed during the strike and they were on separate net3 power line surge protectors made by apc...net3 surge protectors offer the best ($50,000) damaged equipment warranty that apc offers. apc refuses to pay for replacement garage door openers since in their determination, the surge protectors are functioning properly (i had to send the surge protectors at my expense for analysis at their labs)...i will never contend that a surge protector can protect any device from a direct lightning strike, but the apc warranty contends that they will replace your equipment in the event this unfortunate event occurs...i now do not recommend apc equipment, since their warranty is worthless
all delome products.designed obsolescence is the word that best discribes delorme no support!!!!!!!!!
don't buy it.consider another receiver before buying delorme's. delorme's receiver works only with their software (the receiver does not conform to any standard, unlike most other receivers.) the delorme software itself is not very accurate. just in looking at the area of a few blocks surronding my home, i found 3 instances where a facility was shown as being located several blocks from where it actually is - but microsoft had no problem locating the facilities properly. finally, with the receiver i have, even after the device as been initialized, delorme's software sometimes is unable to find it. (i suspect that is because the cable on the gps side sometimes pulls slightly out, but fiddling with it doesn't seem to accomplish much). real irritating out on the road, as it is when you find one of their printed atlas has been misbound and lacks several pages
very sad about this....the card worked fine for my son's graduation and a family holiday but became corrupted during my brother's wedding and i lost all the photos from that event.  i still can't believe it happened.  if you have an ipod, or other, remember to back-up your photos as soon as you can to try and avoid this
disappointed.this may be a good sd, don't know because the company would not allow shipment to hawaii.  therefore ordered the viking sd and it has been a very good sd
it's not a scratch repair kit, just a scratch kit....when i paid somewhere between $20-$30 a couple of months ago for the optifix pro kit, i made the wrongful assumption that a high price tag would entail good craftsmanship in contrast with some of the cheaper radial cleaners i've owned before.  the package's description made it seem promising enough and i've had mostly good experiences with memorex in the past, so i just had put it to the test immediately after taking the product home.  after reading the instruction guide carefully before use, i'm positive the product was being used properly, but unfortunately, the optifix pro just couldn't deliver the goods.  in fact, not only could it do nothing to restore any of the discs i inserted, it worsened the scratches it was supposed to repair!  what's more frustrating - two of the discs it served to further damage are out of print and therefore irreplacable.  i hope fellow cd collectors will sympathize with my message and steer clear of this particular memorex product
not worth it.i bought mine at wal-mart for $20, followed the instructions with two scratched dvd's from the library (one badly scratched, the other still playable) - and saw almost no change in the scratches or playability.  it's going back in the morning...this model relies on an aluminum oxide paste (superfine liquid sandpaper) to sand off the scratches.  i think i'll see better performance from one of the products that actually fills in the scratches rather than sanding down the rest of the disc.  ..for cleaning, just get one of the inexpensive manual cleaners with the little bottle of denatured alcohol - they work just fine
destroyed my cd--i wanna give this product  minus 5 stars.before the repair process there was one bad track on my cd.  after the "repair" process the entire disk was unplayable.  took it back for a refund. with billions of cds in the world, is this the best that the 21st century has to offer?
worked great at first, till it only started taking left turns....i was impressed with this controller at first, and found it to feel comfortable, and work well. it was played with once and a while for about a month (total 10 hours max). some time after that, the next time i went to use it, it would only go left in a game that used the left joystick. i could not get it to center (or even stay still), it would just keep either steering the car (like burnout3) or whatever the left joystick would do for the game no matter what. i tried it several times, and it has never worked since. i fire it up once and a while to see if it's still doing it, and it does. i am very dissapointed in this, and i was pretty careful about getting this newer version of the logitech controller. i think i paid about $45 locally for it, and i just bought a pelican extreme edge from radio shack on clearance for $19.99 that works and feels as good, but is less than half the cost. i don't really feel like going thru a warranty claim, if it's even covered, but it still annoys me every time i look at it in my xbox 'drawer' of extra stuff...i was going to go totally wireless (4 units) and luckily didn't run out and buy 3 more of these logitech controllers. i instead bought some extra microsoft s controllers, as they are still one of the best feeling controllers out there. if the pelican holds up, (model pl-2050 version 2.0) i might go get some more if i can find them locally.
just horrible.i am a gamer and i know a good controller when i feel it. this is a horrible controller. i mean it works well for maybe like a week or two, in that time you love it...but after a month its breaks down and turns into a heap of crap thats a dread to play with. the triggers just become extremely sensitive past the point of enjoyment. i swear the triggers are sensitive to gravity. i'm just playing halo 2 and out of nowhere my finger isn't on the grenade trigger and i just threw a grenade. it can spoil a good game of halo in an instant. occasionally it disconnects from its receiver which makes it useless until you push the connect button on the receiver. which takes about 10 dear seconds. after the contoller started breaking down, i had just bought a normal green microsoft xbox controller and it was a breath of fresh air. this controller is [...] and don't bother picking it up.
good when it works.i bought this item not to cool my laptop, but to provide some insulation from the heat when it's on my lap sitting in a chair. i'm very satisfied with it's being able to accomplish that. however, the cord ended up breaking after a few months. targus replaced it at no charge which is good, but still a hassle. now one of the two fans has started making a racket when i first turn it on. after a bit it settles down but very noisy at first.
doesn't really make a difference.i use a laptop since i am always on the go. i noticed that my laptop often gets hot since it is on all the time. i thought that getting this would help reduce the heat and possibly help the performance of my laptop. it works and the quailty of the product seems to be great, but it really doesn't do much, if anything at all. i think the idea of the cooling pad is great, but not effective
one fan made a scraping noise.you're money is better spent on another product...it's made out of plastic so it feels cheaply made.  a nice thing about the product is that the fans are incredibly quiet, damn near silent, if it isn't damaged.  i had one fan made a scraping noise.  ..the fans are designed to draw the heat from the laptop, but i've found that these coolers are less effective than the laptop coolers that blow cool air in.
unreliable rip-off.this product is cheaply made and noisy. the usb power cable developed a problem after 30 days. don't get ripped off. avoid this unreliable product
a surprising disappointment from a usually stellar company..i'm a seasoned graphics pro who always reads the manuai, and have owned several previous models of wacom tablet. for the life of me, i just couldn't get the graphire4 working on my mac at all. the installer crashed (kernal panic!) my otherwise rock solid tiger installation. downloading the latest driver from wacom's web site was only marginally useful; the cursor jittered like crazy no matter how i adjusted the control panel, and even moderately fast motion caused it to "submarine" from one side of the screen to the other. wacom's sparse faq suggested that interference from my monitor might have been the culprit, and could be remedied by moving the tablet further away. it didn't work, and besides, i have no plans use the tablet from across the room..phone support was no better: wacom very thoughtfully gave its staff july 3rd off! too bad, it would have been a chance to talk me in to keeping it. looks like my trusty workhorse intuos2 tablet will be enjoying a few more years of service, if this is the level to which wacom's legendary tech support has fallen.
kingston 2 gb sd memory card.this sd would not work in my  nikon  coolpix s6 camera (but the fuji and sandisk product did
what a ripoff!.i bought this card for my tj25, supposedly a supported device. but the problems with this card make it nearly useless:..- it comes with a web browser that doesn't work..- even if the browser did work, it would only work for 30 days before you had to buy the full version..- the only downloadable browser that works with the card is eudora, which doesn't do anything except display text (you can't even fill in web forms with it, so webmail, searches, etc. are impossible)..- the card is designed to work with netfront and clie mail, software that comes with internet-enabled clie devices... obviously not what you would have if you were buying the card. these programs are not available separately..- the card wouldn't connect to either my wireless network or the neighbors', even though my powerbook has no trouble connecting to either, no additional configuration required..- while attempting to connect, the card would often stop responding, and then lock up the handheld...bottom line: if you want a web-enabled pda, buy a web-enabled pda. don't buy this
kingston 2 gb sd memory card.this sd would not work in my  nikon  coolpix s6 camera (but the fuji and sandisk product did
stay away from this brand.i've not found anything from memorex that works right, try maxell products from amazon, you can't find better products and the best customer service on the net.
what a rip off!!.i purchased this product after quite a bit of research and after finding that it was finally available for windows i couldn't wait to get my hands on one.why wouldn't i? it's supposed to be the best thing since sliced bread. at first it looked like a really cool product, and is, if your system is a mac. .logitech has done a great job of selling the nulooq to windows system users but only give you half of the software to operate it on. there is no tooldial for the windows version ( a fact that they don't disclose ) which is probably the most powerful feature of this product. .i now feel as though i have wasted my money on what is a useless tool ( if you have windows ) and been totally conned by logitech..what is even worse is the fact that logitech don't have any future plans to include the tooldial driver for window users. so if all you want to be able to do is zoom and scroll then this product is for you....and i know where there is one for sale!!!
nuulooq, not so hot.i bought this item with great expectations but was disappointed enough to return it today.  one big caveat on performance however, i am running an older 800 single processor mac g4, which, although i use it in a professional graphics capacity every day (photoshop), is a bit pokey by todays standards. after downloading tiger 10.4.6 which is required for the tooldail app. i got the thing going. this is what i found  1)  evan after setting all the tooldial prefs to the fastest speed i got slow and jerky navigation w/ the nav ring... overshooting the area i wanted to see because of a delayed response.  also, to pan upwards on the page requires reaching over the top of this 2 inch tall device to press (with a firm pressure), on the far side of the ring, which requires a repositioning of the entire hand.  poor ergonomiics in my opinion, seems like they went for a sexy look/concept instead.  2) an ipod type dialing motion is fine on an ipod,  but on this device took many rapid circles on top of the tooldial to effect much change in brush size etc. and seemed much less sensitive and intuitive than a rub strip on a music synthisizer or a waacom pressure pad.  3)  the trigger points funtion, but require surprisingly  heavy pressure to operate,  at least 6 to 7 times the pressure of a mouse click. this kind of treatment 8 hours a day would send my aging wrists to the glue factory within a week....  there may be a device out there that will someday "revolutionize my workflow", but this isnt it, back it goes...
good except the compact flash card gets stuck.i use this in conjunction with the sandisk ultra ii 2.0 gb compact flash card...i like it, but the flash card doesn't slide in easily. sometimes it get stuck halfway, as if the unit has not been designed properly and the sliders for the card offer enough give to slide the card to the left or right of the pins...to add insult to injury, both the reader and flash card are manufactured by sandisk. therefore, they should work seamlessly together, but pathetically, they don't...i'd much rather pay more for a reader that worked great, rather than save a few dollars for a reader that makes you work every time you use the thing...for comparison, my camera accepts the card perfectly. there is no give at all, but instead is an effortless process...not a quality reader...other than that, it works as expected. surprisingly, the reader doesn't topple over as easily as i thought it would. it stands vertically and looks like it might fall over when trying to slide the card in. sliding the card in a 2 handed process, so one hand holds the unit while the other slides it in...removing the card is extremely easy. that's a one-handed process. "eject" the card from the pc's drive and then remove it...data transfer from the card to pc is very quick...overall, i'm glad to have it, but it's an annoyance to use it. i hate the card getting stuck halfway in the reader
i wish there were negative stars.....the dvds are a rip-off, although i'm counting on the rebate to at least break even (not counting my time)...the dvd player completely fails to recognize them.  even after extensive troubleshooting with disk management and ensuring my regionalization was not an issue....  ..just a poor product -- velocity ought to be ashamed.  more taiwanese junk.  (i'd recommend verbatim's dvd+r dl product - made in singapore)..as a note i can get other dvd-rs to work just fine.....i haven't submitted the rebate yet, so no comment on the veracity of other negative rebate comments
does not work.i tried 4 dvds with different dvd writers and still doesn't work.  this stuff is junk.  in addition, the manufacturer.never sent the rebate.  don't buy anything from velocity
total garbage.at least for my sony dvd burner in my powermac.  completely unrecognized and bloody difficult to get out of the machine without a reboot
bad quality, stay away from them.some of the worst dvds that i have purchased. i wouldn't waste my money on any more of these pos discs. i wish i could return them to amazon, but for what i paid (it was pretty cheap), its not worth the effort.
2 of 10 coasters.if they weren't free, i'd give them 1 star.  media code: mcc 01rg20.  2 of 10 were coasters at 4x with my dvdrw ide1008
3 of 4 dvdrs got errors..they have no label on the top (hard tell which side is up)..these are the worst dvdrs i have ever seen and used..the speed is much slower than other brand dvdr such as ridata.( although they are both 4x). 3 of 4 dvdrs got errors during burning. but other brand dvdrs are 100% ok...i am going to return these package to amazon.
shipping and handling.you charge too much for shipping and handling. i would have been better off going to a retail store
many people are having charging cradle problems.once you get this remote working -- which i found challenging, and i work with computers all day long -- you'll definitely like how it works and it's better than programming in codes. the biggest problem is the charging dock doesn't make a connection to the remote so you have to wiggle the remote or put a book on top of it to make sure it touches down on the charging contacts, which means it's usually dead when i go to pick it up. i've been on hold for over an hour to try to get them to help me with this issue once again which both of my 880s have, and they're not even answering. last time i called, they said many people were having the same problem and all i had to do was squeeze a rolled-up piece of paper behind the battery to force that connection. that solution hasn't worked. they're on to something, but i'd wait for a version where they've addresed this issue
unreliable and disappointing.this was everything i looked for in an mp3 player, but only for about first 6 months.  about half a year from getting it the headphone input went, making the audio staticy and constantly going mono.  had to send it in for repairs.  after another 5-6 months of light use (mostly in the car, so it's not like it was bumped around in bags and pockets) the problem reoccurred.  had to send it for repairs again.  a couple of months later, after the 1 year warranty expired, i noticed that the battery life started to decrease.  in a few weeks it got to a point of lasting for only about an hour after being fully charged.  i nevertheless continued using the unit, being extra careful with that damn headphone jack and making sure that i charge it every night.  so a couple of weeks ago (about 15 months after purchase) it stopped working completely.  when turned on it gives "hdd error" message .  resetting does not work.  the computer no longer "sees" it when it's plugged in. i emailed tech support and got and they said that it looks like the hard drive needs to be replaced and the possible cost for that is $195.  needless to say that i won't be investing two hundred bucks into the clearly faulty unit.  i really liked it before the problems started and was eventually planning to upgrade to 60gb model, but i doubt i'll trust this manufacturer again
do not buy !!!.i bought my x5 in early october of 2005 and after about 6 months its been nothing but problems. in under a year i have sent it back to them twice and i am about to do so for a third time. the problem is with the volume, it goes from low to loud randomly. the volume problem appears to be a defect with the x5 itself. i know this because two of my friends deceided to buy it when they saw mine and they have both had the same problem. the difference is that they got tired of sending it back and to be honest with you if they can't fix it this time i won't either. i think i'll be done with this company. when you read all the things the x5 can do it sounds great on paper and it would be a great mp3 player but it rarely works
great mp3, when it works.i've had this mp3 since xmas 05. it gave me trouble initially then the problem went away. since july it hasn't worked for more than a few hours, despite cowon's several attempts to fix it. this is the third, or maybe now it's the 4th?, time that the sound on my 20 gb iaudio x5 has cut out. cowon just returned it to me again a couple of weeks or so ago. the screen shows that the song is playing - it's just that no sound comes out. besides this problem it also has an annoying problem of repeating songs when the setting is set not to repeat.  this is a quibble, however, that one can live with.  given the problems i'm having with it i considered rating it a 1 star except that when the sound does work it is really good.
paint wears off keys after 4 months of use.just like others have stated. the paint comes off the keys after a few months of use. you would think logitech would have made a better product.
sony lcd rea projection televisions.i purchased my tv in dec 2004. i did not purchase the extended warranty. these sets are have all kinds of video problems. myself and other lcd owners have called for in home service. the service company is qualxserv in home service. they want $350.00 to come to your home if you do not have the extended warranty, and can not guarantee a fix. take it from me buy some other bran
it's a no show for 30 days.well, i can't give an honest review of this product because i haven't yet received it.  i ordered it on june 15, and it was promised, by amazon direct, not another seller via amazon, between june 21 and june 23.  so i'm sitting here on july 15 with no tv........it really isn't amazon's fault, it's the shipper, eagle.  but whatever, i'm less than satisfied with this amazon.com transaction.  i have seen the tv in stores and it looks good though..................
not good.the lcd is easier to use than the earlier version that relied on audio clips to switch frequency. you may have to experiment a good deal to find a position where the signal reaches the car radio adequately, like the 1960s rabbit ears tv antennas. even then, if you are in an are with good fm radio coverage it's going to be hard to find a frequency where this will work. mostly you can't use this with a cover on and you'll need a car charger if you want to use it for long. the all-in-one modulator and charger that clips to the docking connector is a better solution
waste of money.i was using the tape player for my ipod.  but since i got a new car which did not have a tape deck, i was forced to go to the fm transmitter.  i had expected it to be as clear as my radio, b/c afterall, it feeds off radio frequency.  i was very very disappointed.  it was full of static and depending on the position of your body and transmitter, static can increase or decrease.  i know it wasn't because i had weak radio frequency b/c the other stations were perfectly clear.  so i blame the transmitter.  i ended up returning the item 2 days after i bought it.  i'm glad target took it back.
junk! absolute junk! all 3 of them!!!.i purchased 1 of the old model when i bought my ipod. as hard as i tried i was unable to switch stations on it. "okay" i thought, "i must have got the one bad one..." so i called griffin and they were not much help. they said that the "radio stations" may have been bad and said i would need to down load new software. well no luck it still didn't work and the one station i could get sounded like horrible - when it worked at all. so then i saw the new version out on the market. so i figured i'd upgrade to one that looked easier to use. i bought 2 of them - 1 for me and 1 for my wife. neither one sounds any good. i can recieve a radio station 40 miles away with no problem but i can't hear my ipod from 4 feet away. both of them sound exactly the same. they constantly sound fuzzy like they are "just not tuned in right" if you turn up the volume on the ipod to boost the power to the itrip then the sound distorts before the "station fuzz" goes away. only a fool walks on thin ice twice - and i've done it 3 times now...never again! don't follow in my footsteps! please take my advice and do not waste you money on this garbage
i can't believe they call this junk "sony".i have had this system for 9 monthis now, and i am sure this is the worst piece of av equipment i have ever owned.  sony is usually known for quality products, but it this case i am afraid they rested on their laurels and delivered a poorly designed and poorly manufactured piece of equipment to the market...the worst part is that i have had numerous problems with it.  occasionaly it fails to recognize cd/dvd inserted after you turn it off and back on.  on other occasions it completely locks up.  the first time it happened i had to call sony customer support and find out the secret combination of buttons to press to unlock it. now, after about 9 months of use, it has taken on a habit of completely shutting down with a message "protect unplug".   the only way to bring it back to life is to unplug it and plug it back in after a few minutes.  there is nothing wrong with my electric wiring -- i have checked, and the system is plugged into a fairly expensive surge protector/power conditioner.  i am not sure whether to go through the trouble of fixing it -- at this point it's just not worth it because of all the other things i despise about this system.  ..first off, cds and dvds take forever to load.  to insert a disk one has to press an "eject" button and then listen carefully for about two minutes while the system rearranges itself and lets you finally insert the disk.  if you missed your chance -- tough luck, start all over.  second, it is a royal pain to use -- any configuration apart from the basic settings is as convoluted as it can possbly be.  on screen menus, a standard on most systems, now do not exist, and the manual is a joke. third, the fm radio is awful.  i went out and spent money on an expensive fm antenna -- still, my cheap clock radio gets better reception.  fourth, there are other annoying little things about this system which are too numerous to list in this review.  ..finally, i don't share people's opinion that the sound is all that great.  it's average.  out-of-the-box it is way too heavy on bass.  the wireless feature is nice -- i admit, and that was the reason i bought it.  but i would not buy it again (or probably another piece of sony equipment) in a million years now.  i could live with wires running around my room, or even just a two-speaker system rather than deal with this piece of junk. shame on sony for slapping their name on this lemon.
don't get sucked into this.i've owned mine for 2 months and all of that time has been spent driving around with it in my car trying to get it fixed or exchanged since it hasn't work since day one.  some dream system.  the 'authorized' repair center is a total joke as well.  after being at the repair center for 6 weeks, i get a call saying they can not fixed the system and that i need to send it back to sony in texas.  i get to pay for the boxes, packaging material and the shipping yeah!!!!  and i haven't even watched a movie ye
great sound, horrible dvd.the sound on this system is really fantastic for the price, but i've had the same experience as the other reviewer.  the dvd skips constantly, and phillips is absolutely no help in fixing the problem.  amazon has been great and has offered to give a 50% credit, but phillips insists that i send (at my own expense) the machine to them and then wait 4+ weeks to have a 'possibly' refurbished unit.  i'm quite disappointed with phillips and its lack of customer service
don't buy from philips!!.this system is quite sleek, easy to fit in a cluttered living room.  assembly takes about two minutes.  the instructions are very clear.  the sound is amazing, especially when you put on your favorite loud, bass-heavy film.  why then do i give it one star?..it skips.  like nobody's business.  at first, my wife and i thought it was the disks we were putting in as many of them were scratched.  but then we put in new disks.  no difference.  when exactly does it skip?  impossible to tell.  sometimes a little.  sometimes every frame!  sometimes it'll tell us that disks are bad.  then the next time we put them in they magically work -- until they skip...so i called philips and they said that not only would we have to pay for shipping, but they could not guarantee that they would fix it, and it would take up to a month before they'd ship it back...save your money!  buy from someone else
horrible design!.thank goodness for apple they made a product designed well enough to get you just past a year (1-year warrenty) and then die. i would hate for them to have to replace all these horribly designed $100 dollar ipods.
horrible value, a piece of garbage.i got my first ipod shuffle about a year ago (8/05).  it lasted til the following may, and then started to act weird.  the lights would flash, and it would crash my computer, but wouldn't play music.  took it to the apple store, they said bad flash memory was the culprit and replaced it under warranty.  the new unit lasted a few months, and then it also bit the dust, in the exact same fashion as the first one.  i'm gentle on my ipod, never dropped it, left in the hot car, etc...and yet they both have died on me.  ..i'd recommend the creative zen nano.  it's cheaper, much easier to add songs to (no itunes required), and has a small screen that makes it more navigable, not to mention an integrated voice recorder and fm tuner.
rip-off: doesn't advertise that you need an ac adaptor.i would like to believe that this hub works well- but i wouldn't know.  i bought it to reduce clutter on my desk from all my devices hooking into my powermac.  i hooked up my printer, ipod and digital camera and nothing happened.  i called targus and they said i needed an a/c adaptor.  it doesn't come with one and doesn't say anything about one in the manual or instructions, or their website.  they said i could get it at radio shack and gave me the info (5 volt, 2.1 amp, center positive).  i've been to two radio shacks and online- they don't carry it.  i'm upset.  any advice
don't buy...there are much better ones out there..recieved as a present from my wife, poor girl got sold on this thing at circuit city. anyway, it was alright...pretty average transmitter. the thing broke immediately after it's 3 month warranty expired. i contacted dlo's customer service and they were rude as heck. i understand the thing is off of warranty but they were no help at all, wouldn't even offer to fix it if i covered the costs. so basically i have a useless piece of plastic and electronics. i bought a monster icarplay and have loved it. it's put together much better, better sound, no annoying little issues, and a more reputable company. don't spend your hard earned money on dlo...get something that will last.
what a waste....first off, the ipod jiggles no matter what you do, secondly, it doesn't stay straight on the power plug, it constantly tilts(the whole thing)...not worth $10
below expectations for a samsung.application is dual input from cable tv input and analog pc input, used as side monitor on a triple screen home computer workstation...1) audio output stops intermittently a few times a week, requiring power off/on to regain audio...2) there appears to be no way to disable unused source modes.  to switch from computer input to tv input requires one push of the source button...... but then to return to computer input requires 4 button pushes - as the tv cycles thru av, s-video, component modes, and finally back to pc mode.  a weak design - the unit should recognize which input is enabled - it is not possible to hook up all 5 modes...this is particularly irritating as this model was marketed as a tv/pc monitor...picture quality is acceptable for the application, which is primarily watching news channels while working at pc, or displaying dual pc applications
$2+  for a aaa cell?.maybe if these were high end rechargable nimh this would be a reasonable price. but for alkaline? this is even more ridiculus than the cables they sell. you can find aaa battieries on amazon for a third of this price
good sound...when it's working.while i am pleased with the quality of sound this system gives me, i am a little disappointed. i've had this thing for a couple years now, about 9 months in it stopped giving me sound. so i went back and replaced it. they didn't even ask what the problem was, they gave no arguement because they had had so many returns and replacements. then over the past few months the dvd player has been making a pretty loud noise whenever i use it, i have to turn the volume up pretty high just to not hear it. and now the player has stopped working completely. i have a dvd in there that i can't get out (which for the record is part of a sopranos season, they dont sell the discs seperatly and their seasons are expensive which is pretty annoying to replace). bose failed me once, shame on them. they failed me twice, shame on me. i'm gonna go with something else
warning: why o' why do aliens n' non-humans try to cheat us?.seller's: for an honest review go to the correct page for the bose 321 graphite w/ accoustimass 3rd module and two satellite speakers.  that will have the correct retail rate and draw the true end-buyers/purchasers.  this price of $700 is for the 2 speaker satellite system so you would be losing a bit selling here.  i hope this helped you in your endeavors and i look forward to honestly/fairly competing with you in the future!..buyer's: buy as many of these as you can and report any loss or "mistakes" on the sellers' part in contractual agreements to amazon customer service.  because if this ad by that company/seller is being honest and selling a 3 speaker system (2 satellite and 1 lrg acoustimass) you are in for a steal! literally, so get a goin! lol..disclaimer: this review is an anti-review posted to make aware the disparity between price and item description (which is it?? 2 speakers or 3???) in this advertisement for above mentioned product.  why isn't bose listed as a seller?! doh  no slander or libel has ever been implied or attempted unless it was true
watch out!.i don't dispute that bose is a leader in speaker technology.  but there is a reason this item is discontinued.  it locks up when playing certain dvds.  sometimes after selecting "play movie" it won't get past the menu, you have to guide it to the first chapter or else it will sit endlessly on the menu screen...other dvds will play fine, but if you happen to shut off the system without removing the dvd, the next time you turn it on it will say "bad disc" and locks up - you can't play, you can't eject, nothing.  you have to unplug it and essentially reboot the system...maybe i got the lemon, i don't know.  but it's worth writing a review given the fairly expensive price tag and the assumed quality the goes along with the name bose... this system is definitely an exception to that rule
broke twice!!!.i bought this 18 months ago and while i had some problems with the set up, i got help from the store where i bought it.  it has really nice sound, but it has a serious problem: not once but twice, when my children inserted dvds in the player they would not eject!  since no one could service it locally (i went to 3 places, and each claimed they could fix it but then later admitted they couldn't since they would have had to open it up), i had to send it to bose.  that cost a lot, plus bose charges a minimum of about $240 (i forget the exact amount) to even look at it.  now, the exact same thing has happened (this is the second episode)!  they say you can repair this easily but i went through the recommended procedures with a bose technician over the phone and it didn't work.   there's no way i'm sending this machine back to them; i'm getting something else!  any recommendations?  finally, lest you think the kids are somehow to blame, let me note that they work daily with other dvds, cd-roms, cd players, and personal computers and have never had any problems with any of them.  i normally don't like having to pay extra for a warranty, but if you insist on getting this product, i'd recommend buying it from a place that sells it with a warranty
slow and unreliable.the 2.0 gb sandisk cruzer micro flash drive looked like a good deal when i saw it on display at office depot.  it was roomy enough for all of my data and configuration files, was rated for usb 2.0, and was reasonably priced.  my first choice would have been an larger version of the 1.0 gb iomega i use at work, but, alas, such wasn't available...unfortunately, i waited too long to put the sandisk through its paces, or i would have tried to get a refund.  as many others have remarked, it is horribly slow.  while backing up my roughly 10,000 files, i found that it was taking about a second per file -- longer for the big ones.  this translated to around four hours to complete the whole operation...bulk deletes take just as long to carry out...using my beyond compare file synchronization software to *read* the sandisk and compare its contents to what was on my hard drive went reasonably fast -- until, for no obvious reason, it hung on one particular word document this evening.  i couldn't even get my windows xp machine to shut down without yanking the sandisk from its slot:  the usual "safely remove hardware" operation wouldn't work.  after three attempts to read the same file, and three reboots, i tried to delete it from windows explorer -- and this operation hung too.  finally i was able to do the deletion from the dos prompt.  just like 1985!  i then recopied the file, and now beyond compare can finish its work without a hitch...but can i trust the sandisk to deliver up my precious files when i really need them?  i dunno ......so, it's back to the drawing board.  maybe by now iomega has come out with that 2.0 gb model.  as for the sandisk, i'm reminded of that painful adage:  you get what you pay for...ugh
definitely stay away.bought this about two months ago. never liked it for two reasons:.-the rubber cap is so easy to lose. (guess that's why it comes with spares though.).-utterly slow! this is what was most uncomfortable with the drive. yeah it's slow only with groups of small files like everyone else said. still, it's annoying to have to zip a bunch of small files everytime before you copy them over to the drive. then unzip when you want to use/copy them. not practical...and now, well, it just stopped working last week. i mean completely, for no reason. just great. like one day before i was going to sell it to someone else...stay away from this one
terrible... want to throw it in the trash.but i won't because i paid good money for it.  as you can see from the other reviews, the speed on this thing is pathetic, almost to the point of non-functional when it comes to many small files.  i had a small game on the drive, but it has tons of small files in the folder. it took over 10 minutes to delete a 10 mb folder... makes you wonder if sandisk spent 10 minutes to test this thing. stay away.. or if you really want one, buy mine please
stay away from this one!!!!!.i bought this flash drive like a month ago and it stopped working just like that! one day i plugged it in a portatil hp pc and windows explorer didn?t respond. it?s a xp sp2. .i unplugged it and tried again with the same result, the same with the regular pc?s where i usually use this flash drive. bottom line: money wasted. .being a regular costumer of sandisk, i must say im very dissapointed. the must frustating thing is that i wont get a refund because the 30 days expired. .besides, it comes with a cheap cover instead of the regular one (the 512 micro flash drive)..so, try some other product.
slow, slow and slow!.do not buy this product.  it is incredibly slow, by far the slowest usb drive out of the dozen or so that i've used.  it handles small numbers of large files rather well but it immediately chokes whenever faced with a large quantity of small files.  i attempted to copy ~50mb (1500 files, 800 directories) to the disk and it took almost 30 minutes to complete the copy!  that's roughly 27k/second.  deleting the files was painful as well, taking at least 15 minutes to delete everything.  for kicks, i popped in an old 128 mb kingston drive and was able to copy the same set of files to it in under 30 seconds and the delete took under 15 seconds.  bottom line is don't be fooled by the drive's small physical size, large capacity and price point: it simply doesn't perform
great form factor, but dead slow..i wanted to replace a lexar 1gb with this, but i'll keep looking. i used it to transfer a 700mb, 2300 file my documents folder to a new pc. the transfer seemed pretty slow, but deleting those files from the sandisk took *61* minutes! back it goes
clock fine, radio lousy.the clock itself works well. it did take till sometime during the middle of the night for the atomic time to connect (we set a backup alarm the first night). the idea of utilizing atomic time for an alarm is a fantastic idea, but why would scott put such a lousy tuner in an atomic clock radio?  doesn't make sense to me.  granted, i live in a rural area, but i am able to receive both am and fm stations from as far away as fresno, some 50 miles away, on other radios in the house (including a small portable, battery-operated one), and we do have a local fm station.  the tuner is so sensitive that i had to use both hands to steady the dial when trying to tune in a station.  i am unable to receive one static-free am station, and i eventually, very gingerly, dialed in two fairly clear fm stations (one spanish-speaking from fresno, one local), but neither stay tuned in overnight..by morning when the alarm goes off, nothing but static.  a strange thing though...once, while trying to locate a station, i received a fairly clear one from salt lake city....wow!  i plan to return the product
old technology from emerson research..i used to have this same unit under the brand name "emerson research"  it's a pretty good unit, but it's a very old model.  for the price, you can get a much more modern one from emerson research at a local store
expensive coasters.i too bought these after not finding spindles of the verbatim dl. a few work, but only a very few. i have an nec recorder which works completely reliably on most media but not these. the machine is a dual xeon with 2gb of ram, so this is not a resource issue. sigh
absolute junk!.backed up some movies and not even 1 played well.  they either skipped or didn't play at all.  i backed up my harddrive with one of these and some of the files won't even open... says damaged or corrupted files... absolute junk!  i will stick with verbatim from now on
great while it worked - broke after 13 months.really liked it.   would have rated it 4-star..but last night it suddenly stopped working and would not turn .on anymore. only the clock works..just one month out of warranty..from other reviews, this seems to be a common problem
worked while it worked..i liked this machine while it worked, but i started having problems finalizing discs a bit ago.  i got busy and suddenly the warranty was up, and then the other day, it just wouldn't turn on at all.  i had it for 15 months
a real troubled lemon! stay away!.i purchased this unit about 18 months ago. after the warranty ran out, the unit first quit working with -r media. then there is an issue with finalizing the dvd, which makes the dvd unusable. unfortunately, this is after you record your show. then all is lost. it started making squawking noises like something is very wrong. it never remembered the language or channels. panasonic never did anything about this. after reading others with these same issues, i would recommend that you buy from another manufacturer
so-so.i bought the ihome so that i could choose which songs to wake up to off of my ipod, and it worked well when it actually worked.  ..after being very late to work three times because my alarm failed to go off i tossed the item - it wasn't worth all of the problems to keep at all if i couldn't even trust the alarm to get me out of bed in the morning.  ..other people have mentioned the too bright display and the "gradual volume increase", which i eventually got used to, but i could see how they would be incredibly annoying
this is junk and it doesn't last 9 months.i got this for christmas last year.  i hardly use the thing and when i have i have been very careful in placing the ipod on and off of it. i can no longer play an ipod on it as there is no sound or too much static - apparently a short of some sort.  i was shocked as it had been used maybe 10 times by my wife and i.  read all of the reviews i am not the only one who now has an overpriced doorstop.  save your money and buy something else...take your time and read through the "cotton candy" 4-5* reviews which bump this up to an artificially high rating of 3* and you will see one consistent pattern, the connection to the ipod is very poor, the alarm doesn't function, and they feel it is overpriced
player failed after 3 weeks of use, manufacturer received unit back 10 days ago and has still not given a date for replacement.product :  	mp3 players sansa m200 series sansa m240.we received your item :  	11/03/2006.customer comments : .11/13/2006 07:51 am   	when will i get my repaired or replaced item. you have had this for 1 week without notifying me of the status. please respond (by the way, apple turns around ipod repairs in 1 day!)...11/13 still waiting for an update on the m240 you received on 11/3
only bought because imation sonix stopped making their label.no where near as easy to use as my old system ,but with trial and error can have a decent amount of control over your projects.but one interesting thing someone mentioned earlier.is that regardless of with system you use these labels can alter.the way dvds play making them stick and freeze and wondering if its the disks,burner or what..after some experimenting i did.confirm that it was actually the labels i was having so much fun making...it might be the weight but i think its possibly the way the beam shines through the disc and reflects off the white label backing..dunno but if you all of a sudden start having problems try a labeling tape or a sharpie
hub not recognized.my dell laptop d600 running windows xp, didn't recognize the device when i plugged it into either usb port.  i contacted targus support and they stated that it should have worked and that i should try it on another pc.  if it doesn't work on this laptop, i have no use for it.  there is no cd rom for support drivers and targus support stated that i shouldn't need any drivers.  went to microsoft website for compatibility and the device wasn't listed.  i should have researched this before the purchase.  i would not recommend anyone purchasing it.
be careful when purchasing!!!!.i bought this for my computer, and it is useless.  the unit does not have enough power to provide back up power to my machine.  be very careful when purchasing these.  i would first recommend contacting the manufacturer to see what they would recommend.  apc has offered to give me a discount on a new one if i use this as a trade in, but it would cost me a fortune to ship it.  tiger direct will (according to the website) only guarantee items against defect.  therefore, i'm left with an expensive doorstop.  don't make the same mistake, research before you buy!  my 19" monitor and pentium 4 are too much for the 350va
wouldn't work on my computer.the hook up and downloading the software was very simple.  there was a error problem with the drivers.  my computer is fairly new with windows xp.  i called there support and was told to try it on another computer. i install it on my neighbors computer and the same happened. i sent it back to amazon and credit my account, and bought an other brand.  amazon is so great about handling returns.
it doesn't work at all..i connected all the cables as instructed, but it doesn't work, the light is not on..so i return it to amazon
poor quality and divx problems...returned unit.i was very excited about this unit when i ordered it, but the pixelation was very bad due to the variable bit rate (vbr) encoding, and the divx recording feature didn't actually work most of the time.  (a blank screen or a green screen was the result.)  unfortunately, given these problems, i returned the unit.  i think i'm going to look at an older ads unit without the vbr feature to ensure quality, and then do any divx transfers by software.  it seems that the fewer variables involved may make for a higher quality image.  too bad...this one really had a lot of potential
arrived in pieces.they would be very wonderful jewel cases except they must be very flimsy because more than half of them arrived broken
ok - if they survive the shipment.the majority of my cases were damaged in shipping. i immediately threw away about eight, but as i tried to use the rest i gradually found ten or so more that had sustained damage as well. maybe i'm alone, given the other high ratings, but these seem more fragile than other slim cases i've used in the past. i'd give them 3-stars (because they're cheap) if they didn't have to be shipped.
piece of junk.this thing is a joke. it doesn't play loud enough except for low volume listening. there is no handle to make moving it easy. cheap, flimsy construction and a door that you know is going to break soon, no battery back-up for the memory. i would rather pay more and get something better. i am going to return it
mediocre sound quality, questionable reliability, weak radio reception.i bought this stereo because of its relatively small size and stylish appearance and because it had aux inputs for me to hook up my mp3 player to it.  ..the first unit i received would not turn on at all.  i contacted philips' tech support, and their solution was for me to send the brand new defective stereo back to them at my expense.  fortunately, amazon has a very nice return policy, and i sent it back to them instead.  amazon was also very nice in sending a replacement right away without waiting until they received the defective unit...the replacement stereo arrived in short order, and i was immediately disappointed in the sound quality, which didn't seem as good as the 15 year old cassette player boombox that i was replacing.  after listening to the stereo for a few days and comparing it to a sony cmt-ne3 bookshelf stereo that i own, here are my thoughts...1. the fm reception is not as good as the cmt-ne3.  both units have a thin wire type of antenna, and both wires are about the same length.  the philips stereo, however, would hiss and crackle as i moved around the room - my body interfered with the reception.  this did not happen with the sony stereo...2. the sound quality is not as good as the cmt-ne3.  playing the same song side-by-side on the two stereos, i found that the philips stereo had a flat, tinny sound when compared to the cmt-ne3.  the sony system had a much fuller and richer sound quality.  also, there seemed to be significant distortion in the high-frequencies on the philips stereo, making "s" sounds sound more like "h" sounds.  i also noticed an occasional crackle of distortion in the overall sound, possibly due to a bad connector on the aux input...3. the ergonomics of the philips stereo are not so good.  for one thing, the stereo will easily tip over forwards if accidentally bumped.  if that happens, the cd can get wedged in the cd tray and it becomes almost impossible to remove.  the electronically actuated cd door is much more likely to break than a passive mechanical door like the top-loading cmt-ne3.  the volume goes up to 31 or so, but 5 is about as loud as you would need it for regular listening.  this means that there are only 4 quieter volume levels, which is rather limiting.  finally, the stereo is a bit bigger than i was expecting (though i could have looked more closely at the specs when buying it)...i am in the process of returning this stereo, and i will try to find a sony system instead.  unfortunately, amazon no longer sells the cmt-ne3, which i bought just about a year ago.  i don't understand why electronics manufacturers feel the need to churn their product lines so rapidly.  is there really that much innovation in bookshelf stereos?  the only difference between the sony i bought last year and one i bought in 1989 is the ability to play mp3 cds.
short bulb life.rated as 3000 hour bulb life when purchased, today they claim 4000 hours..bulb lasted only 900 hours.  service at "unfocused" does not care about creating a satisfied customer base.  would not replace bulb even on a prorated basis
don't buy infocus!!!!!!    1 star minus!!.i have to rate this product and this company as horrible!!..i purchased the x2 in 12/2004. everything was fine. in 6/2005, the lamp blew. less than 300 hours on it!!! i called the company. they said sometimes it happens. i questioned the projector. they said i just needed a new lamp. $300.00 later.....oh, you can only get the lamps from them. you can only get service on the x2 from them...i get the new lamp. it just blew again-about 700 hours-half of what the life should be. additionally, the fan died-which may be why the lamp blew. maybe there was a problem with the fan a year ago (when it was still under warranty but they wouldn't look at it!!!) no. they say no...the projector was ceiling mounted and never moved since it was first put in place. the projector was blown clean on a regular basis. this projector was not mistreated or misused...infocus says "sometimes this happens"...they, for $250, plus $30.00 shipping, will fix the fan. i also need to buy a new lamp-another $300. the company keeps saying-"it is out of warranty", "sometimes this happens", "1400 hours is just what some lamps get", etc., etc,. etc.. they will not accept that perhaps this was a defective product...i will get a new projector-i can buy a new one for what they want to charge to maybe fix my current one. my new projector will not/will never be an infocus product...they have failed to stand behind their product. their service is overpriced and their technical support and customer service is nothing more than drones citing manuals and warranties...don't buy infocus!!!
good product, forget about service.good product, forget about service. i e-mailed infocus about my faulty projector 8th january 2005.it is now 7th january 2006 and i still do not have my projector. that's right, it's been one year since.my projector stopped working, i have given up on it being repaired (it was under warranty) and am now.struggling to get it back so that i can repair it out of my own pocket. check this company's record at .the better business bureau, it is deemed to be unsatisfactory due to unanswered complaints
sure they're cute but.......sure, these colorful jewel cases are pretty to look at but i give their functionality an f. as soon as i opened one of these cases to put a cd in it, the case broke. it happened to 3 cases out of the 12 i have used already. i wasn't using excessive force, in fact most people call me gentle. buy at your own risk and handle with care!
old adage is true "you get what you pay for".i was hoping for a great deal on these batteries, but like other reviewers i've found that they run out of juice incredibly fast.  i'm amazed that other reviewers have had such good luck because things like my wireless keyboard which uses two aa's ran out of juice in a couple days of normal use while my automatic sprinkler time that uses two aa's lasted only a week...be warned that these aren't quite the bargain they may initially seem
very flaky, contrary to viking's reputation for quality.i've owned various viking branded memory cards in the past and have always been pleased with their performance, until i purchased this 2 gb compactflash card.  ..it's possible that this card works well in other uses, but i found its performance unacceptable as storage for raw images shot with my canon digital rebel slr.  anywhere from 1/5 to 1/10 of the images were corrupted, particularly bad in continuous shooting mode.  contrast with my lexar media 512 mb and 1 gb cards, which were able to shoot reliably with no corrupt images under the same conditions, and without as much of a lag time as the viking card (often left waiting 15+ seconds after shooting as few as 3 continuous images while the card to "recovers")
don't buy. very bad customer service..the worst customer service i have ever experienced. the lady who alledged to be the customer service supervisor said:"you got it cheaper than other brands, what else do you expect?" "viking cheats. so what?
not everything.read the plan carefully.  not everything is covered under this plan.  they will use any excuse they can to say that the product broke under unusual circumstances so they don't have to pay.  too many exclusions for an "everything is covered policy"  don't waste your mone
buyer beware.i returned this contract and asked for a refund but new ignored my first two emails. then i called them and they informed me of their shady business practice that it would take 8 weeks to refund my account. i then contacted amazon and they resolved the matter in one day. i read reviews for new and most people that actually had to deal with new were not happy. the 77% positive rating they have is misleading because the majority of people rating them have never actually had to use the product.
needs redesign.mouse does not glide smoothly on some surfaces due to the large depression on the bottom of the mouse designed to hold antenna.mine would not glide smooth on rubber mousepad or plastic nor my corrian counter top. the idea is good however because when you insert the antenna the mouse turns off. this being said it may deserve 5 stars if the correct surface is used
my roommate's broke, then mine broke!.my roommate's mouse broke (she had the older l shaped receiver)... and i thought it was because she's bad with technology. but i'm a computer junkie who knows how to take care of her technical equipment... and even mine broke (a few months later, i had a straight receiver). it just gave up on me. not a battery issue. more like a connection issue...now i read all these reviews about it breaking on people. well, i'll write back when my other roommate's break, and when my cousin's break...don't get me wrong... but it was great while it lasted. less than half a year. gonna go back to my logitech. that never broke on me
not good long term.i have had my mouse for about 8 months and it is broken. the "l" shaped design for the thing you hook to the computer is the problem. i will call it a receiver. it you stow the receiver too many times into the mouse it starts to break. over time the receiver doesn't receive. .i would not recommend this product. it's better to have a straight receiver.
pathetic, doesn't work, waste of money.beware of this product.  it always freezes up half way though the download when transfering photos to my computer.  i have another usb 1.0 card reader that works perfectly.  i upgrade to get the speed boost with usb 2.0, but this product is fundamentally flawed and buggy
shipping and handling..the chare for shipping and handling of this small item was ridiculous! i would have been better off buying at a retail store.
broke after 3 months.i bought this memory card for my canon sd 200...after using it for approximately 3 months with no problems whatsoever, i took a video and the card just flat out broke.  first the screen said "image not available" and then "memory card error".  i tried everything to fix it - but nothing worked.  i lost all the pictured i had stored on it, and found it was cheaper and easier to just buy a new memory card instead of paying to get it fixed...now i have a panosonic one and i'm really happy with it.  my advice: splurge on the more expensive card from a reliable brand, and it'll be worth it
never received it!.this item was promised to me as a free bonus for my purchase of casio exilim camera, but was never delivered. now amazon wants me to review it, so here your are..
not worth the money.it made little notable difference or improvement..i would not recommend this product for small scratches and it only makes minor improvements to anything more serious.
hunk of junk, go for the manual version.luckily, i didn't pay a penny for the motorized skipdr. as it was given to us as a "prize." i have the original (manual) skipdr. which worked every time, and i always end up using it instead. it has more than paid for itself in repaired cd's--$20 for an entire kit at a wholesale club that came with spare sanding discs and the whole shebang...the motorized version didn't come with any deep scratch sanding pads, which i need about 25% of the time for a badly scratched disc. most of the time the automatic sensor fails to detect that a disc is even in the machine, and won't start turning, so i have to squeeze it together to make it work
waste of money.i just ran my first (and last) cd through the scratch repair system and it made the disk look worse than when i started.  didn't take off any of the scratches and the scratch remover actually made dozens of perpendicular marks of its own.  it really is worse than when i started.
a dangerous piece of junk.i foolishly placed my irreplaceable, $200 dvd in this newly-purchased machine as instructed..the result was a disaster!  the machine added visible scratches and made playback worse, not better..suggestion: if you have valuable cds or dvds, send them to a professional repair service that uses professional equipment.  don't mess around with cheap junk
don't buy this remote.....i will make this review very simple.  no matter what features you find attractive about this remote, its shear size makes the thing clunky and unuseable.  unless you have large hands, you will have trouble accessing all the buttons without 2 handing it. (make sure you go to a retail store and hold it first before you buy it)..in terms of features, the remote has only the simplest of "learning" features.  if you want a custom interface for a piece of hardware it doesn't have a code for.... good luck
don't waste your money.this remote is so hard to use and setup. the xpress functions don't work properly and when used switches to different inputs each time. most of the interaction with the remote is done on the touch screen so you have to look for the buttons, instead of being able to memorize their locations with your fingers. get something else
batteries are supposed to be standardized.i have two ni-mh chargers and sony batteries won't charge in them. they probably use some proprietary technology to prevent using other brand chargers. they force you to buy their own non-standard charger that probably won't again charge other brand batteries. and of course this is not mentioned anywhere. no wonder these batteries are the cheapest. don't waste your money or support sony's attempt to bring non-standard products into a standardized market. soon we have to carry bunch of chargers instead of the good old times when just one was enough
ok...for short periods.i have used this mouse for 3 months with my laptop.  look/feel and general use are fine for short periods of time (~lt; 1 hour).  however, i am currently shopping for a replacement as this mouse has one problem:  intermittently, after clicking/double-clicking, the mouse will go into a "move to the left" mode...and will continue to move until it reaches the edge of the screen.  sometimes it will move to the upper-left.  this is so inconsistent as to be unpredictable.  i will often (at least 10 times in a 30 minute period) have to give the mouse a wiggle to stop it from continuing.  frustrating if you are trying to click through a multi-level menu, for instance.  another example is if you working on any cad-type or image editing project where you need to insert a line one segement at a time (mouse will move when it feels like it)...it was ok for a while, but now it is annoying...going to buy a replacement...if i have to buy a replacement for a product because of how the product performs at an early stage in its life, it gets no more than 2 stars.  it could be just this one particular mouse, but then that points to lack of qa at the manufacturer end...again, 2 stars
it died after minimal use/less than a year.i purchased this for my laptop. it worked great at first. there were blue and red lights that would brighten up when it was awake. not anymore. the blue light completely stopped working. it used to be plug and play. not anymore. basically it is useless. it just doesn't work. it was used probably 30 times at the most. complete junk. i like the smallness and shape of it though. time to try a different brand
bait and switch.don't purchase this if you're expecting to get a 1500 mah  power2000 acd-674 battery.  they sent a 1300 mah digicom battery instead
disparate cord length- more than irritating..i read all of the reviews here and thought these would be the best option for easy transport and low ambient sound i-pod headpohones without breaking the bank (i'm on a plane frequently). i wanted something that i wouldn't cry over breaking or losing during my many travels. i found that the uneven cord lengths are very irritating- especially if you like to use only one plug (like maybe at your desk at work). the weight of the shorter cord pulls on the longer cord and it is quite uncomfortable- even when sitting still. so then i thought these will be great workout headphones (won't be upset if i break or lose them), however, the cords produce noise in the ear pieces everytime they rub on your clothing or your hand. the effect is very loud and disruptive to your music listening experience (even when you are sitting stationary at your desk). it is similar to wearing a stethescope, which defeats the point of wearing in-the-ear headphones (which are supposed to reduce the ambient noise). i do not recommend these headphones, because of this stethescope effect- i could get over the uneven cord lengths for certain uses (they are after all designed to wear behind the head). i'm on the hunt for better quality headphones
fooled again.once again i'm amazed at how the reviews were so highly in favor of this product.  these are terribly uncomfortable (for my ears) and don't really provide that great of listening experience. the frequency response seems muted until you use the largest possible "surrounds", and then they become distractingly uncomfortable.  but of course, this is just my experience, your mileage may vary, as they say.  personally, i found my apple ipod 'phones to be better
excellent sound, bad design.as most anyone will tell you, these speakers do have excellent sound and if you're just going to set them up on your desktop, then i'd give them 5 stars.  however, the design for wall mounting these is horrible and you can't ceiling-mount them.  logitech does not make separate mounts for these and no "universal speaker mounts" will work with them.  if you want to see how they mount, go to logitech's website, go to product support and enter wall mounting.  some might argue that they're computer speakers, not home entertainment center speakers, but for $300, i expect a little bit better design
poor compatibility.while the verbatim has burned well in 100% of my recordings they fail to operate in at least 24 different dvd players
a warning - do not use.i had no problems burning to these discs, its when i went back a few months later to these discs and found out that none of them work anymore. after further research i found out that memorex uses the cheapest dye available and thus the dvds have absolutelly no life to them, my discs started dying after a few months..in addition, in you physically hold the disc in your hands you can feel how warped physically it has become. this is true for all the discs (about 150 of them). i can not not recommend this product stronly enough!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
incompatible with my burner.this media did not work on my brand new asus burner, even after updating the firmware
lots of bad burns.i had so many bad burns with my first spindle that i had to ask for an exchange.  the new spindle had at least 5 bad burns too.  also, the edge of the disc wasn't rounded but had a sharp lip on the underside.  never again will i buy memorex discs dvd, cd or otherwise
avoid memorex dvd media if using nec 1300a.use maxell or fuji disks.  they work flawlessly
works ok, but no wonder.i've had several upss now for a while. belkin ups quit after about 3 years of work. i understand that this may be long enough, but i have several from apc and they are still working. one ups, i think, now has been in service 7 or 8 years
tv ok, service from amazon buyer beware!!!!!!.buyer be ware if you have a problem with delivery or the tv you will be left on your own to sort it out. amazon may or may not be a big trust worthy company, but they will still leave it to you to sort out there is no personal customer service other then email (run around)!! bare that in mind before making any large purchase, may be better to pay a little more through a company with a store front at least you will have someone to complain to face to face or take the item back
no workie.unit apparently does not work with older magnavox vhs.  wasted my money
ads tech video xpress usbav-191-ef.can capture analog video and produce cd-rom's but i expected the ability to produce dvd
do no buy this item.i was trying to duplicate hi-8 tapes and the ads tech video express usbav-191-ef is not a viable solution.  it drops frames and there are nothing that can be done to improve its recording.  the installation is buggy.  i ended up buying a sony vrd-mc1 and am extremely happy with it
spend a little more....i bought this to record tivo dvr stuff to dvd.  worst frame rate capture and audio capture of .avi's of the four different devices i have tried.  completely unusable.  the software is a trial version.  instead, buy the ads dvdxpress dx2 for a bit more.  ulead's software is stable, and it's not a trial version.  it is also the only analog capture device i have tried that gives a good picture using mpeg capture.  pinnacle's dazzle only is tolerable using avi capture which is great if you have the drive space, but the software is way too buggy
don't every waster your money.i purchased gigbit 3com 3824...extermely bad on gigabit...many errors with applications...exchange server, remote desktop, loop in network, ultimately replaced it with linksys...much cheaper..but excellent performance,,,i am happy no
you get what you pay for.here's a quick comparison for my wireless mouse:.duracell: 1 month.memorex: 2 days..do i have to say anything else?
leaked in my grundig radio, what a mess>.i got sucked into this deal about a year ago and can say long term, risky cells..it could be because the clock draws even when the radio part is off but i'm.not willing to chance it again
bad.if these were free, i'd still would not recommend them, due to all the time that you will waste with faulty recordings...it is the discs, i must assume, since my burner works fine with other brands...anyway, (now) i think it's best to invest a bit more and get good media..
have some problems with the cds.the first cd in this pack was damaged even before writing :(.  well, i was able to write the second one without issues.  hope the rest of them would be fine too
the worst dvds i have tried so far.i have used three other brands of 16x dvd-rs and none of them have been problematic with my new (tivo) dvd burner. this is the first brand that just hasn't worked. these discs were a waste of time shopping for, they were a waste of time dealing with failed burns, and they were a waste of money. i am not even going to attempt to sell the unopened package in the amazon marketplace since it wouldn't be fair to other buyers. for your information, i have had no problem with sony, fuji, and verbatim
never worked.it gave me format errors out of the box..  i returned it to tiger direct for an exchange and got a refund instead. not to happy about paying all the shipping costs for nothing
muddy sound.you will be surprised how crummy this sounds compared to the panasonics that cost about the same. this is my main problem - the sound quality sucks compared to the competition out there...1 - the speakers are lightweight and shoddily built. they sound muddy and the deep bass from them is nothing to write home about. they are fairly light weight - meaning very small magnets in them. these are 3 way speakers - for really good sound on the cheap - speakers need to be 2 way!..2 - the sound input consists of a headphone type jack in front. not even standard phono inputs at the back...3 - its advertised as 320 watts - which is meaningless - since the speakers suck. what good is a high power amp with crappy speakers. and in case you know some audio - 320 watts is only twice as loud as 32 watts (log relationship). for some reason, this is not even half as loud as my 100 w receiver!..4 - no user adjustable equalizer, only presets possible..5 - cannot connect a different pair of speakers to upgrade because of the "biamping" type of connections...6 - the receiver sucks - even my sandisk flash player seems to have a better receiver...i concur with the other reviewer - death to sony! shame on them for taking consumers for a ride. this company nowadays makes it stuff for ultra cheap and prices it "competively" with the others - meaning - fat profit margins.
not as good as the mhc-gx250.i thought this new model would be a good replacement to my old mhc-gx250 which was a bit big for my new smaller room. but i was the mhcec70 minisystem is truely "mini" and inferior in quality to the older mhc-gx250 which was around $280 and was well worth it. this system does not deliver the 320 watts compared to my older system which used to blow up the room. moreover it lacks an auxilary and game sync, so you can't hook up your tv, ipod or xbox to it..
what happened to the hard case?....i'm so dissappointed in caselogic for discontinuing the hard cases. they were great, a hard cover with rubberized coating and actual cd case style holders inside (that you pop out with your finger by pressing the center). somebody could have sat on it and it would've been fine..
read the terms and condition pdf.i bought this thinking "failures due to normal wear and tear", which is checked on the checklist of items covered on the overview page, would include accidental damage such as dropping.  however the pdf indicates that (3) damage from accident, abuse, misuse, introduction of foreign objects into the product," is not covered.  this is just an extended manufacturer's warranty.  a call to customer service confirms this - damage due to accidents are not covered.  save your money
not exactly match fit for the gen 2 nano.this thing was slipping and sliding all over the place and i constantly had to readjust in so the functions were in place.  the slot on the top that is supposed to allow you to use the "hold" feature is completely off so you end up having to stretch the thing over to turn it on and off.  the little plastic protector that covers the screen would not stay in place over the screen and i was constantly losing it between the silicon cover and the ipod.  i finally just gave up on it and returned it.  i bought it because it is one of the only ipod accessories that has a fair price tag.  i think i'll just get it over with and buy one of the more expensive options.  was this thing even meant for the gen 2 nano
the easier way to do it.i mean seriously guys, is it really worth forking over to those greedy peeps at sony over 40 dollars just for a silly memory card. there is an easier way to do it ya know. for your psp, if the game is really important to you and you can't save it. just press up on the power switch real quick the screen will go off..it will go on hold and next time you wanna play it again.. just push it back up..and hopefully if you did it right you'll have the game right back in the place you left it..hey it saved me 50 dollars..and it can do the same thing for yo
they denied the rebate request, what a rip-off!.your rebate submission has been received..unfortunately your rebate is denied for the following reasons:.request postmarked after close of program deadline.required postmark before 09/10/04; actual postmark 09/13/04.***********************************************..there was absolutely no cut-off submission deadline given, except the purchase by date and submit within a certain time after receiving purchase..all were followed to the "t"...i submitted the rebate immediately after i received the merchandise from amazon...give me a break, i'll never touch another thing from viking except with a 10' pole...if it was not so piddling an amount, this would be worth reporting to fcc, but the state of customer protection in this country make you jump through even more hoops, probably for nothing, more heartache..just forego rebates, send viking back to the boat and purchase another brand
it's ok...not a bad little unit...  wish it remembered where you were on the cd when you turn it off like other units i'm used to especially since it doesn't really "shut off" but goes into "stand-by" mode...  not as much power as i thought it would have for 30 watts...   would be nice if the aux (ipod/mp3) jack was on the front not the back...  speaker 2 output would be nice...  simple little unit, works fine so far..
disapointed.he didn't send me the product that he was selling. the keypad is not usb and also it wasn't new and also it wasn't targus..i want my money back or the real product that i payed for
obviously not mac compatible!!!.great disappointment. plugged in this equipment and tried typing in all the applications i own (excel, word, freehand among others) and displayed typed numbers (when it did) with extra spaces and squared characters. should specify in the product description that is not mac compatible. i'm not aware if pc users faced this problem as well
lenmar rechargeable batteries are not reliable, often faulty.i purchased two ten packs of lenmar batteries.  of the twenty batteries, only 4 would take a charge.  i used 3 different chargers, an energizer, lacrosse, and a ripvan100.  the lacrosse is a high-end charger with diagnostics (can display voltage levels, etc., individually for each battery, it can also 'repair' batteries maximum capacities, etc. - so can the ripvan100)...  none could charge the 16 faulty batteries.  i sent both 10 packs back
didn't last.i owned four different sets of nimh aas; this was the latest purchase and the first one to stop working.  i do have decent chargers and never dropped them or anything.  it actually ruined my day twice.  very disappointed
incompatible with other vendors; poor signal quality.this is my second disappointment with linksys products..i have purchased this ap to use in ap client mode connected to my netgear wgr614 wireless router. the product comes with no user manual or technical specifications sheet. after spending some time trying to set up connection i  have found user manual on linksys web site, and discovered that ap client (as well as ap repeater) modes are supported only with another linksys access point. it's not compatible with other vendor's products..when i tried to use it in access point mode, the signal was 2-3 times weaker then my old netgear's. .i am getting very good to excellent signal quality from netgear wgr614 (36-54 mbps) and good to very good (11 to 24 mbps) from wap54g..
bugs in firmware.the minor problem is that the user manual claims the user id is "admin". well, it is not. frustration and wasted time will occur until you somehow find out that the user id should be left blank to log in...the major problem is that the unit only works for twelve to 36 hours before it has be rebooted. after twelve to 36 hours it looses the connection to the wireless network. once you unplug and plug back the power cord, it will work fine for another twelve to 36 hours. i am used to rebooting windows every time it hangs, but i don't accept having a wireless access point that hangs (i am not sure how microsoft was able to convince me it is ok for an os to hang). this box is going back. i already bought a buffalo that works fine
beware when using with wpa-enterprise.we bought this ap to use with wpa enterprise using a radius server and basically, it dosen't work. at first we couldn't get it to communicate with our radius server at all. we resolved this by changing wireless channels until one worked. then authentication worked, but we couldn't get an address via dhcp. we couldn't resolve this so we assigned a static address, but couldn't pass any traffic over the link. unfortunately, we found the linksys support to be friendly but ultimately useless. there only suggestion was to try different firmware. once we had done this, they couldn't help any more. so basically, they might say it works, but it doesn't. tried a different manufacturers ap, worked straight away.
yet another wireless piece of junk!!!.this thing is junk!!!  don't waste your money.  i am a computer professional and i had it working for about 5 minutes, then after powering it down and back up it never did work again!  if you buy one, go through the setup and if it doesn't work immediately send it right back to amazon!  don't waste your precious time trying to get a $70 brick to do wireless because the odds are that you will just be wasting your time...finally, amazon likes to keep the good reviews toward the top of the list to keep the potential customer from being discouraged. however, you should pay more attention to the bad reviews than the good ones. if the product is in fact good it won't have many bad reviews, or even possibly none at all if it is exceptional. however, look up all the bad reviews for this product. they should tell you that something is seriously wrong with this product
sandisk sddr-103 mobilemate - good luck.the reader didn't read my 2g minisd. i have another reader that does so i dumped the mobilemate and took the lost
kingston 2 gb sd memory card.this sd would not work in my  nikon  coolpix s6 camera (but the fuji and sandisk product did
poor support for defective mapping engine.if tomtom's maps fail and you submit a bug report, the nice support site sends you to teleatlas's site which promptly closes the support request.  it took two requests before i realized i was being redirected away from tomtom's site...the real problem is not with the maps (which is a good thing), but with the mapping engine (determine how to find a point on a map).  i submit the request to the main support group only to have those bozos close the request saying that the problem is with the map.  at this point i don't care who is wrong since neither tomtom nor teleatlas will say who owns the mapping engine.  this stupid device failed when i needed it the most, driving in new jersey! the tomtom go 300 cannot map roads that are broken, see bug submission below for more information...so, why two stars?.- it fails when you need it.- i could scroll around the working map and find the right street, but then i need to stop in an unsafe state .. er .. i mean place and use the device like it was my trusty aaa map..- support does not read bug reports (i want that job with zero accountability please!)..does it work? yes it does and it does work very well when you have a nice clean streets with a good map.  it does take some time to find its gps often, but its tolerable. it manages to lose signal with tree cover (seriously, i can still see the sky)...moral of this review: verify with an online map service before driving to unknown places.  defeats the prupose? no.  tomtom go 300 did find my way around some detours in nj near trenton and get me into the parking garage saving me time and frustration (the prupose of this device)...updates:.after using tomtom go 300 for a few months i have seen more problems than i care for.  i have recommended everyone in my family to not buy tomtom products.  the map for my area, king of prussia, pa more than two years out of date.  it got my dad lost going to a hotel which is 1.3 miles away from me...in some areas, you will fall off the map.  the most annoying new feature is tomtom alterate route functions.  i am headed to a fork in a road in the middle of nowhere.  tomtom wants me to take the "long" way to my destination by switching from the state route (meaning route 1 or route 66) that i'm on to the another state route at the fork.  the thing is, if i tell it not to take the other state route, the damn device will tell me to turn around!!  once i pass the fork it keeps telling me to turn around.  when i choose to re-run the routing software from where i am, it figures out a new route completely passing the road that i need to take.  the road is on the tomtom map, but it won't take it until i get on to it.  what gives?..bug report submitted to tomtom.-------.tomtom go 300 v6.150.the mapping engine is broken.  it cannot handle a road that is broken into several non-contiguous sections.  the city, pennsauken, gave several distinct streets the same name!..destination:.3401 cooper ave, pennsauken, nj 08109...if you map the destination on any internet site and scroll around, you would see that:..[...].all points map to real locations but are not on the same physical road.  they are on different roads by the same name in the same city...the tomtomgo 300's map actually has these locations on it, but is unable to map to anything but the first occurance of cooper ave: 7200 cooper ave, pennsauken, nj 08109..trying to find the intersection (cross street) of two streets cooper ave and park ave does not work even though the tomtom's map clearly shows that they do intersect.  tomtom can only see the intersection of cooper ave and derousse ave...that area has several other streets, sherman ave for example, that are also non-contiguous
tomtom doesn't provide much customer support.i bought the original tom tom go back in november 2004.  since then, my attempts to reach their customer service have all met in failure.  my last attempt, 10 days ago, was an effort to buy updated maps for my product.  yes, their website will offer to sell you maps, but there is no way to determine the date of the maps you already own, and no way to determine the date of the maps that you would be purchasing, in some cases for a large sum of money.  if you try to find a telephone number on their site that you can call, you will be disappointed.  i am disappointed and would advise you to look elsewhere if you want a product that is supported
doesn't support windows mobile 5.0.i am very disappointed in this product. i purchased the blue logger to use with a new dell axim x51v (which i purchased to use with the blue logger). i found that i could not make a blue tooth connection between the blue logger and the handheld computer. i contacted delorme  was told "at this time we do not offer any support or updates for windows mobile 5.0.  hopefully in the future we will be able to offer updates for compatibility but currently there is no timeframe." what a ripoff. delorme has a product that is not even compatible with the present pc handheld operating system. ..i have also found that i cannot upload routes created on street atlas 2006 to the hand held. basically i have a little electronic map with no functionality.
mine broke quickly!  software is terrible..i agree with all the other feedback saying this product is faulty.  the on/off button is terrible.  it takes 5 tries to turn the unit off.  after 5 months of using this, the unit would no longer "talk" with the satellites.  i sent it back to delorme.  it tested bad.  now i have waited 6 weeks for a replacement that is backordered.  customer service rep will not refund your purchase after 30 days!  the software claims it will compute driving routes for you...but it will crash your pda instead.  i had to buy inav iguidance software (which is outstanding) to get software that will actually compute road routes for me.  i would not recommend this product to anyone.  it has been a complete waste of money for me
on/off.it is the year 2005. the 21st century. we've put men on the moon. we've launched space probes to the edges of our solar system. we can even remotely drive little vehicles along the surfaces of other planets...but we can't design a simply on/off button...the on/off button for the blue logger is one of the most insanely stupid things i've ever encountered. some mentally-challenged engineer somewhere decided that you have to hold the button 2-4 seconds to turn it on, and 2-4 seconds to turn it off...it doesn't *sound* that difficult to do, but in practice it is infuriating, especially when you are trying to turn it on but end up turning it off. right now the blue logger is sitting in front of me and i cannot turn it off. it simply will not turn off...oh, and i've had lots of problems connecting it to my bluetooth adapter, and have yet to get street atlas usa 2005 to recognize it
it doesn't work for me.i am trying to get this to work for the last 2 weeks ... unfortunately without success. i bought the bundle #3 (bluelogger  street atlas 2005  street atlas 2005 handheld). the installation went fine, but i had problems in hooking up to bluetooth. i had to reset my hp ipaq 2215 several times in this process and my ibm t30 (2.4 ghz and with 1gb ram) was very slow ... not sure why this was..once i got the laptop to work, i took the blue logger out for a trip and downloaded the trip when i returned. well, i coudn't make sense out the data the blue logger logged - the waypoints were almost all over the map. this was not the route i took...i am still within the 30-day risk-free guarantee and try to return it next week.
street atlas 2005 hh provides wrong route and hard to use.i bought the blue logger and both street atlas 2005 and sa2005 hh for my dell x50v. no problem with the blue logger gps but my complaints are as follows: ..1. delorme did not include the blue logger manager software on the hh. now they want to sell it separately for additional $39. very weird marketing strategy indeed...2. the software for the pocket pc is very difficult to use, not very intuitive. it seems the hand held software was developed as an afterthought from the software for the pc. it is poorly designed, and appeared was not fully tested by normal users prior to releasing to market...3. it is very cumbersome and slow to determine a route. even with a 620 mhz axim, it is slow. worse yet, the route is often wrong. for example, this afternoon i use sa2005 to determine a route to a friend's house. had i followed that route, i would come to a dead end street and have to back track about 10 miles to get to another correct route to my destination. luckily, i decided to use my paper map. later, i tried microsoft mapping on the internet and it actually gave me the correct routing. last week for another location, sa2005 found the wrong location for a given address which would take me about 4 miles off. luckily, i knew where it was and ignored the routing from sa2005 hh...4. many other mapping softwares for hh will allow one to use it with 1 hand and often with the finger. but not with sa2005 hh. after 2 weeks of using it, i found myself going back to my old paper map. for example, if i had not calculated a route and just simply use the gps and map to travel, the software only show the street i was on but no name given and no street name shown for upcoming cross streets. it does not help when you are lost...5. sa2005 maps seems to be several years old and not very up to date. i guess that's why delorme does not want to clearly advertise this issue...i am seriously considering giving up sa2005 and consider this as my $50 learning mistake, and looking at microsoft street  trip 2005 or later in 1q 2005, iguidance who is supposed to have the latest map. ..i am not alone in this as several other users have also complained on delorme user forum. i wish i had read that forum before buying delorme software. well, live and learn.
worthless.i ordered the 2-year service plan on may 1st, this day (july 31st), i still have not recievied it. i have contacted them a number of times, and still nothing.  do not buy from this company
roll the dice, this one is a gamble.i purchased this item and one month later i still have not received any paperwork. i emailed and have not received a reply
not usb 2.0.wasted my money for this slow hub....be aware that if you want to connect your printer, scanner, ipod etc. to this device, think again
video and audio out of  sync.save yourself time and aggravation and don't buy this product! i bought this to put home movies on dvd. almost every time i downloaded a home movie to my computer the audio was not in sync with the video. i spent hours trying to get it right. i also kept upgrading my computer thinking that was the problem. i finally saw a review here explaining that the px-m402u is notorious for this problem, so i bought a canopus advc110 and have not had a single problem!
won't fit your ipod -  don't bother with this product.i purchased the dlo action jacket (neoprene for 20  40gb ipods) for my wife for use on walks, etc around town.  however, the ipod doesn't fit in properly.  the circle that is supposed to line up with the ipod's doesn't.  the plasic part covering the ipod is awkward and doesn't align either so you can't press the play button.  so, since the ipod doesn't fit in the case overall, this product is useless.  pls save your time and money and consider another ipod case
print heads are duds.i have had this printer for more than a year.  at first, it was a great printer. not anymore!!  it uses up ink like no other, yes, it is great to have the individual tanks(which is why i bought the thing) but now the print head isn't working right.  do several deep cleanings and use up nearly all the full tanks up, and the problem is still there.  the pages have splotchy black marks and the texts are only partially printed.  went to the canon website, they don't even acknowledge this printer ever existed..my recommendation is don't buy this model!!
canon  s530d review.this printer prints fast but the quality is poor. consumer reports rates it a best buy but i disagree. pictures come out very graney and its almost worthless to have a 2 megapixel or higher camera because the quality will not be seen with this printer. i do not recommend this printer to anyone. i bought the cannon to replace a hewlett packard deskjet 932c and it was slow but the picture quality was superior to the cannon. this purchase was a real dissapointment
absolute junk.i have had nothing but trouble with this product. no matter how many times i have dowload new, or older, drivers, the installation is never complete. their help desk neither has been able to provide with any help to this problem (though they have tried)...i will not spend money on another dlink product
avoid buying it.after few months of using it, it started to lag badly, and the scroll wheel stopped working, i'll never buy logitech mouse again.
bad design.....flimsy toggles.......junk.notice, all the happy....five star ratings, are from people that just bought this mp3. i have had mine for 9 months. ..i have had this mp3 since christmas 2005. i bought the white 512 for my son at the same time. whith in 3 weeks, my son's was no longer working at all, he had it in his back pack, and some how it got crunched enough to never work again!! i was not happy. also in a few months, mine started to have issues. the very "tiny" menu button is rediculous. and the main toggle was a complete failure for sony. i accually removed the cover to the toggle, and just moved the joy stick under it, to change songs, or volume. how stupid. i am so mad about this mp3 player. i am going to buy a creative v. i have done a lot of research this time, and i will not buy another sony. the hold button, that is part of this sliding door never works, i find the player dead in my gym bag, all the time!!! apparently, the door slides over a bit, and the player will turn on, for hours, and than you have a dead player. maybe sony should have given us a on/off button, than this would not happen! dont do it folks, look into other options, even my mom's ipod nano is better designed than this joke of an mp3 player.
sony software is the culprit.good thing first, efficient on battery,convenient and compact..doubles up as flash drive and no cables except headphone to carry around to charge. thats it...as most of the other reviewers have said this product is absolutely useless because of low iq software people working in sony. utterly non user friendly..i develop software for a living and i am not afraid to use new software...even though i was able to use the software the main drawbacks are the over smartness of software where it tries to control the music piracy...i had 1gb of atrac songs on this player from my computer. then one day my computer hdd crashed. i was kind of thankful that i had saved atleast 1 gb of music on this bean walkman. atleast all the hours i spent in transfering did not go waste..as soon as i fixed the new hdd and tried to transfer the songs back to my computer..the useless sony softwre will not take the music files back...i tried every trick and even the sony customer support could not help me( a very indifferent group of people). it is a rotten piece of software and that makes this efficient device a waste of money...of course transfering the files to this player is an entirely diff story and i dont want to go abt that....it is absolutely infuriating
another example of sony's failure to keep in touch with consumers.the bean is small, battery efficient, and has a nice overall look to it. thats probably the only few good things that can be said about this product. this is not an mp3 player, it is a trac player. you have to convert all your mp3's into trac format before the player is able to play them. you also have to install their software which for most of us is an intrusive program trying to list every music file on your hd....this can ussually result in other people knowing what music you own especially if the software regularly communicates online. another horror youll deal with is the slow transfer speed this device has. just to load a single 3 meg file took an avg of 35 seconds, imagine how long 60 5 meg files would take. if your looking for an mp3 player that lets you just drag and drop your fav mp3s into the device so you can hear them hassel free this in not the player for you. this device is the stalin of mp3 player requiring strict uncomfortable conformity play your fav songs
please read this before you invest  your cash in this product!!!!.first off let me state for the record that i only buy sony , but i have to.advise you against the purchase of the bean walkman. i purchased one in march 2006 and returned it september 2006, as i had purchased replacement.insurance and was able to return it because it broke. it is hard to turn off and the usb port cover always pops open, not to mention the headphones.always pull out. the fm receiver is hard tune in the daylight as the screen is invisiable. save your self the hassel!!!!!
not usable due to sonicstage.hardware awesome, software a flop. since you have to use their software the package is destroyed. i will give you the final nail on the coffin for me. i tried to put podcasts on the device using the latest sonicstage 4. no chance. it wants to be able to find each "artist" in the sony library. this was bad for the odd bit of music it could not find but obviously it can not find the podcasts in their library...i had bought one of these and had considered one for the girlfriend - no chance now. shame as the hardware was a1
iriver products lack plug and play with macs.i have an iriver t10 and there is virtually no software to support the usb plug and play interface that mac owners have always expected..pay a little more and buy an ipod.  it interfaces with pcs and macs equally well.
garbage - buttons wore out in 14 mos..i loved this player until the day i really, really needed to use it for recording, when i discovered that the mode button no longer worked. this is the button you need to use to switch from mp3 player mode to voice record, line-in record, or fm radio. ..the device is now permanently stuck on mp3 player mode with no ability to shuffle or repeat, which is not the worst thing in the world, except that i specifically bought it for its recording capabilities which are now, for all intents and purposes, non-existent. and 14 months after i bought it, too; conveniently post-warranty...the screws holding the case together are impossible to remove, so there's no way to attempt a diy solution to this maddeningly simple but nonetheless irreperable device-crippling problem. this thing is of no use to me now; a $200 paperweight. i'm never buying another iriver product again
dated design, better units available.i purchased one of these when new back in 2004.  the unit has worked ok for me, with the main quirk being about once every hour or two, i go through a 3 - 5 minute period of bad reception, presumably as it shifts from one satelite to another.  i was unable to utilize the fm modulator as it was weak, but went to a hard wired connection to my radio using a cable purchased from crutchfield.  ..my main issue with this unit is that there are newer units available for the same or slightly more money, which have replay options and better displays.  i would consider those options before purchasing this unit
"acquiring signal" for eternity.i purchased this receiver in december 2005. it worked like a champ until february 2006 when it began to have issues with decoding the satellite signal...the unit works for five minutes from cold start up, then the audio cuts out. display still shows program info. being an experienced pc user, i turned the unit off and back on, repeatedly. the message "acquiring signal" displays permanently, even though the antenna aiming screen shows full sat and ter signal bars...my best guess is that a rom or ram chip cooked. this unit runs hot! jvc has been less than helpful. it sucks to have to landfill  a $100 piece of hardware, but no one will touch it. it's my last purchase from jvc...glad i didn't purchase the sirius "lifetime" license
be careful of what you think this is...first of all i thought sat radio advertised " commercial free radio" was that. it is not at all!!!! in fact i spend most of my time looking over the 160 chanels for something not with commercials. (...). they claim they have nothing to do with that. so this is a good buy if you want another radio player with commercials (  a lot of them ) and to pay for it. i got this because i was tired of radio commercials and awful radio announcers who talked over songs and too much. well sattelite radio is the same thing just with cussing. so keep this in mind before you buy.
poor sound quality.i recently bought this radio, primarily for my car, but also got the home dock. it was easy to set up and install both types of kit. unfortunately, the sound quality was very poor in both configurations. the fm modulator for the car was pretty close to hopeless. it only has maybe 10 channels. i found one that was free, luckily. but even with a clear channel, the sound had a terrible hiss, that went up and down in volume at apparent random even when everything was stationary. the occupied channels actually worked about as well (still lots of hiss)- except when the underlying channel broke through. even disregarding the hiss, the sound quality on the music was not very good. ..   i thought the problem was probably with the fm modulator, so i tried it in the home dock, connected to a *very good* home hi-fi system. the hiss was gone, but the sound quality was completely unacceptable. for whatever reason, this particular receiver doesn't like the compression artifacts very much. satellite radio quality is, at best, about like an average mp3, with highly compressed signals (some channels better than others). this receiver seemed to exacerbate the effect, and it sounded a lot like a tin can and string "telephone" most of the time. it was vert irritating very quickly. ..   the form factor (about the size of a modern walkie-talkie) was fine, and pretty easy to fit in the car. it also seemed to be pretty solidly built. but all of that is completely moot if it doesn't work properly. ..      i returned the receiver and both kits the next day.
did not deliver..i purchased for about $8 the 1-year replacement plan for electronics products on 07-06-2006 and after one call on about 08-06-2006 to the seller i still have *not* received anything. --john
does not work on all dvd players.first of all, the shipping on this item costs more than the item itself.  i did get it quickly (2 or 3 days), but i had several problems with it:..(1) i repeatedly tried it on my dvd player and the player hung.  each time i had to unplug it and plug it back in to get it to respond.  i tried over 10 times and got the same result each time...(2) i tried it on dvd drive 1 on my computer and it hung as well.  had to ctrl-alt-del to get my dvd player software to close.  on the 3rd attempt it actually did work...(3) i repeatedly tried it on dvd drive 2 on my computer. each time i got a message saying "no disk"...i consider it item a waste of money
compatibility issues galore.i previously attempted to use this device with my mac pro.  i run the machine with windows xp and mac os x tiger...with tiger, the machine refuses to sleep when the hub is plugged into my aluminum cinema display.  simply unplug the d-link hub, and the machine happily goes to sleep...with windows xp, the machine does not recognize my microsoft ergo keyboard 4000 until i disconnect the keyboard from the hub, then reconnect it.  ironically, the keyboard works fine under os x when connected to the d-link hub...i guess i got what i paid for.  a piece of junk 7 port hub for under $30.  i have reverted back to using my 2x4 port "hockey puck" style belkin usb 2.0 hubs.  no problems with those
goes to goodwill. (don't throw out your old tv yet!).i have no clue what this little thing is about. dummy me thought i bought a nice little tv, but it reminds me of those little cards you'd get with chewing gum and every time you moved it in your hand, the image changed. that's what you experience when you move around in the room and still want to follow a show. you cannot watch this thing with somebody else seated, say, 15 feet away from you. the other person (or you) gets a foggy image, or just dark shapes. up close you see hardly anything..buyers beware: this is not a working tv..one star for the batteries in the remote...
short life.i bought this thing because i lost a memory mod to a power surge.  it worked fine at first but now it has no battery life.  recently the power went out and my computer shut off immediately - like it was not on a backup at all.  of course the alarm was still screaming but so what - my computer was already shut off without any warning.  i had this thing for two years but i will be going with a different brand next time
run, run  forrest; run fast, take it from me!...............is not functional................ ..if you are reading this then you are gump-y! and, you and i must be family. .first, i love amazon; they are the consistent type of e-merchant.  and that's good! but but but but, why?:  would a designated (by me) upper "echelon" merchant like amazon carry this sandisk 2gb compact flash card type i (sdcfb-2048-768). it simply is not functional information that i stored sandisk 2gb compact flash card type i (sdcfb-2048-768) is gone, or not readable. i am surprised that amazon did not catch-on/up with the problem. .the product won't retain any info then i had to store less and less information on the card, so that my info is able to stay on the card another 6 hours. i decided to contact amazon, they were very shortly, and cordially sent me a replacement sandisk 2gb compact flash card type i (sdcfb-2048-768), with the paperwork for returning the original sandisk 2gb compact flash card type i (sdcfb-2048-768). .then i got something that: .a.	did, have the shape of a 2gig sandisk cf card; .b.	did, have the sandisk label that says sandisk 2gb compact flash card type i (sdcfb-2048-768)......; .c.	and did have the original shiny factory sandisk package. none-being the-less 3 different computers later and 2 hour had passed couldn't recognize what is inserted into the cf reader. .d.	the brand new replacement card i got with the original factory wrapping, that's brand new and untouched and unrecognized by computers. one may safely assume (pardon the facetiousness), sandisk 2gb compact flash card type i (sdcfb-2048-768), is yet to be recognized. ..from amazon, twice in the mail, i got a sandisk 2 gb compact which flash card type i (sdcfb-2048-768). both cards i received had a problem. and therefore, it is safe to assume that sandisk 2gb compact flash card type i (sdcfb-2048-768) production have a major glitch. i mean, the memory card cannot be used for memory purposes. i have to yet see what or for what, other than memory, can i utilize a memory card. i beg your pardon, but in essence i am trying to imply that... the sandisk products were a joke! :-). .being the consistent e-merchant that amazon always been, amazon agreed to return them. this was not a surprise (coming from amazon). .in essence, i strongly urge any person that makes a living, and tries to have some fun with their hard earned living to:.1.	not be fooled. if you see sandisk, run away as fast as possible, .2.	you'll lose it all in a matter of a day or so. .3.	sandisk 2gb compact flash card type i (sdcfb-2048-768) is not compatible with data storage! or even short transfers of data, from a home computer to work..4.	spend the extra.... on an alternative brand. .5.	that's the only way you'll get a cf card that is correctly labeled; and, serve intended functions. .6.	i strongly recommend, as well as urge individual who is thinking of  getting that "other" brand of 2-giga...... cards to make sure do so:.................7.	use amazon only, and don't be fooled by any other e-merchant who's not as high of an echelon as amazon....... amazon! .8.	had it not been for amazon, i would have lost all i paid. :)...god bless amazon for their extreme timely tentativeness, i also pray for sandisk, so that god renders it with the power to accomplish the purpose they stick onto their product line..god bless, and keep on shopping.
very unreliable.very unreliable .......... i have used dvd rw and cd rw memorex disks on multiple computers and dvd recorders.  i find that they.....1) don't last....get about 50 re-recordings not 1500  2) may crap out on any occasion.......multiple cd rw's with critical material would not read on multiple computers...avoid memorex dvd rw   cd rw disks!
horrible quality.i was deeply disappointed for buying stuff from memorex. not a single dvd was usable in the pack. never gonna buy anything from memorex!
don't bother using the software that comes with this kit.the main reason i bought this kit was for the label applicator, the software was secondary. good thing that i didn't care about how good the software would be, because the software for this is, in a word, deplorable...it doesn't have support for any other label sheets other than the memorex brand, which leaves you stuck with their labels. its got some nice features in the software, but their poorly implemented. for instance, it can automatically resize an image to fit a cd/dvd, but if you've rotated it before that, the rotation is lost. it has a lot of minor quirks like that, and they add up to an annoyance to use this...if you get this product, find a better labelling program to go with the label sheets and the applicator
worst... label maker... ever.the labels are sticky on one side, and printable on the other, but that's about all this product has going for it.  the software is a nightmare.  the print previews only vaguely represent the finished product, and the program frequently and randomly alters your image.  i wound up using the labels, but creating the documents in ms publisher.  what a shame
terrible!.first of all, despite the claim that it works with macintosh, it definately does not.  there is a template that you can use in mac with word, claris, and other photoshop software, but there are no instructions as to how.  once you think you have it figured out (on the page) it doesn't print the same as pictured.  the technial support people have no idea how to make it work with mac, and will probably tell you it is a problem with your printer drivers.  in any case, they have no idea how to direct you through the process of using the word template for macintosh.  don't waste your money. (i gave it one star only because no stars is not an option.
service????.after purchase they want the buyer to call for the service agreement.  of course you want a hard copy, that is why you bought it. just do it.
n.e.w sucks big time!.okay,..this is not a review of the product itself. but, i strongly.encourage you to consider not getting an n.e.w warranty. they are.really not in the business to fix things but to make money not fixing things. ..if you had anything to do with the device not working (e.g. you dropped it, forget about it they aint gonna fix/replace it whatever.) ..they have a very sparce network of repair companies so if there is no one who can fix it in your area you have to ship it to them in virginia(of course you have to pay for the shipping!)..lastly, they tend to screw over their repair companies so in some cases they will refuse to repair items covered under an n.e.w warranty or they will take forever to repair it since they know n.e.w will take months to pay them for the work they did...if you want a nightmare for a warranty then by all means go for it
prepare to fight every step of the way.n.e.w. will waste your time, money, and your every last nerve before repairing your product.  eventually they will, but not without an exhausting, protracted fight
beware of kingston rebates!.beware of kingston rebates!..of course, i hope your experience would differ, if you were to buy kingston product(s), but mine was terrible...i bought a kingston compactflash card that offered a $50 mail-in rebate.  i promptly (as in, the day after i received the item delivery) went to photocopy my rebate certificate and upc code and sales receipt; then sent it all on its merry way.  yes, i was well within the rebate period, both for the purchase and for the postmark date.  my purchase was a valid retailer (think huge online e-tailer)...the rebate required sending the entire original upc label, which was like the entire outside package for my cf card, about the size of 1  business cards when flattened.  no problem...about two months later, i get a letter saying "your rebate request was denied because you failed to furnish the appropriate original upc code as required by the rebate offer."..well, now  what?  i can't re-send the original (it was already in their possession).  i called, and they insisted on repeating what the letter said.  i re-sent my photocopies and they said a photocopy is invalid proof of purchase...after another 6 weeks of pursuing this, i figured this is their scam.  they simply wouldn't honor the rebate.  and without the original upc in my possession, i couldn't really submit to their requirements...if you're looking for a ram upgrade, i'd suggest you look at a quality company like ocz (the best!), or patriot, geil, or corsair.  if you're looking for a value flash memory card, i might suggest sandisk...for one, kingston does not make the best products, they are value-driven products...two, there are competitors to kingston with just as good or better value-to-performance ratios at the same prices...three, kingston will not stand behind their customer as i have experienced...i urge you to, please, be cautious of kingston and their rebate scams
a boom box, not a karaoke machine.i'm not sure what i expected after i purchased this for fifty some-odd dollars and was handed a coupon for a $40 rebate.  but i wish that someone had informed me before i lugged it all the way home that when you sing into the mic, your voice doesn't come through the speaker.  i'm cool with the machine's sound quality when it comes to playing a cd-g.  if i tap the mic, i can hear an extremely faint thud, so i know it's on, but the volume's too low--and, yes, i adjusted the mic controls--if you want to sing along. which makes this a dinosaur: a boom box in the age of the ipod.  ..really had to dig through the stacks of machines to find a box that hadn't been opened.  so, when was my first clue?  doh
memory card error.my review mirrors of this product mirrors that of another customer posted recently.  for some months after i first bought the card, it worked great.  now it has twice caused memroy card errors and corrupted data with my canon elph, and photo technicians have been unable to retrieve any of the pictures from the card.  judging by what other customers have written, i'm suspecting that this may be an issue of poor compatibility between canon cameras and viking cards.  in any case, i will be buying a new memory card and it will certainly not be a viking
defect cf card i purchased. how can i get replacement?.i have had a canon g2 since 2002. i used to use viking 128 mb cf cards and had no problem. in october 2004, i bought one viking cf512m 512mb cf card from amazon. i did not use it until this summer. after i had taken 20 more photos and reviewed, i immediately found a few images corrupted. no matter how i tried, e.g. format the cf before use, there were alway corrupted images...i wonder if i can return the defect cf card and get a replacement from amazon or from manufacturer?..sherwood..l.a. count
inexpensive, but not reliable.i used to like my viking 512mb cf card a lot.  i had such a card for more than a year.  in that period, i used it in my camera.  it's filled up for several times.  also occationally i use a card reader (simpletech) to write/read that card, to transfer some big files between computers.  it's all fine, and suddenly one day, when the card was half full, and after a card reader reading, i got "cf card error" on my camera.  fortunately, after i delete a few pictures, i could move on.  i gave the card to  other people, so i don't know how it's doing now...after that, i purchased another viking 512mb, half year ago.  i used it to transfer files for a few times, and have never filled it up using my camera yet.  now i am getting consistent "cf card error" message on my camera, even after re-format for several times, while i don't have that problem if i use another card.  ..one theory i heard was that a card reader may damage a card.  i can not verify though.  anyway, i will have to buy another card now, and it won't be viking for this time...===== one month later =====.i contacted with their customer support.  they gave me a number for return, and i mailed back my damaged cf card.  they sent back a new one in a week.  the new one is working fine so far.  the exchange was not difficult.  they did not ask for ridiculous things like my old receipt.  they only verified the serial number.  that's good
incredible rip-off.$99.99 list price?  over $70 actual price?  you've got to be kidding!  i never accuse companies of raping consumers, because we are free to choose what we buy and how much we spend, but this smells of taking advantage of consumer ignorance.  if you want to connect your ipod to your home stereo, get a $7.00 "stereo mini-plug to rca plug y-adapter" at radio shack.  that's all you need.  because you already have a recharger (it came with your ipod), the only additional capability this kit provides is holding your ipod upright. i have this item (it came free with my 40gb ipod) and, although it offers a slight convenience over not having it, the price is a terrible rip-off.
don't buy this !!!!.this is basically a 1/8" male to rca cable for $73; you could get the same exact cable for $5.99 at radio shack.  yeah you get a dock and power brick too but price it out; not worth it.  buy the cable at rs; it'll work exactly the same.. don't be fooled.  if you want the dock and power brick buy them seperately; you'll save major $$$..
i just paid $29.99 for 100 sparkly frisbees from amazon. this just don't make no motha^*(^(* since.at less than a dollar per sparkly frisbee, this is the best price i can find for frisbees. they don't fly very well and they break relatively easily, but this is the best value i can find for 100 frisbees in one place...a lot of people are disappointed because they expect to be able to use these discs as writable cd media. the problem with that is, they don't work very well for that either. i, too, tested this for myself...using nero burning rom, i tried many times to burn different kinds of data onto several of the discs -=at 4x=-, just like you're supposed to. it worked! it burned fine. then it took 5 minutes to open a simple html document on the burned disc. subsequent trials run with the "verify written data" checkbox checked revealed that every other sector or so was unreadable after burning. it's like writing with a white crayon, except this is white paper. this persisted on several other computers with different cd burner drives and even different software...i finally realized what great frisbees these things are. cheer up people: they are great fun! so grab your spindle, go outside, and start chucking these things at your neighbor's annoying dog...ps. i need to sue memorex for selling this junk. these disc are just a form of abuse
nice while it lasted.i bought this mouse a couple months ago to use with my macbook pro.  i loved it, until a couple days ago when it decided to stop working.  it's not connecting to the usb adapter any more.  i changed the battery and tried the connect button, and nothing.  sad, isn't it
great while it lasted....i bought this mouse eight months ago and was quite satisfied - until last week when it stopped functioning altogether.  i really expected a better product and durability from microsoft.  i've since bought a logitech vx revolution cordless laser mouse for notebooks and love it.
small but deadly..being a graduate student and living in an apartment, i was hoping to find a cheap printer that would allow me to print off course materials and assignments.  it prints off things quite well and it is fast.  it does not, however, print 500 pages per month.  50-100 pages per month is a more reasonable estimate and then the cartridges cost over $20, which is high considering how often you need to buy them...the item did arrive in a timely fashion and it arrived in the specified condition.
faulty wiring.i detest this printer.  i've bought quite a few printers in my day:  lexmark, canon, and have been quite happy with most hp's, but this was the pits.  the first one i brought home worked fine the first time but when i tried to turn it on the next day, it wouldn't cut on.  it just died on me.  i unplugged it, plugged it back it...then it worked for a little while before dying again.  this time for good.  i returned it, got another one...same problem.  except this time it keeps going.  all i have to do is unplug it before each and every time i turn it on.  nice, huh?  ..now i'm browsing online again and i've learned my lesson for sure.  no more el cheapo models.  i'm at least going to shell out for a midline price with some heft to it that will last me a year or two
overpriced ! get the sonnet instead at half the price!.i don't understand why people spend money on this charger, when you can pay half as much for the same thing. i bought an ipod charger for my 5g ipod video from sonnet technologies and i am very satisfied. it is small and the connectors retract for easy carrying around...search amazon for "sonnet usb wall charger for ipod with usb-to-dock cable" at about half the price. it comes in black or white to go with the color of your ipo
buy palm usb charger / car kit.i have a usb ac charger and car charger that came with my palm pda, and they work just fine with my nano.  don't waste your money supporting apple when it charges $30 for basically a piece of plastic
bad item.i do not like this item because it says it is a 16x dvd but when i put it in my burner it only reads it as 4x.  something is wrong with the dvds because my burner is one of the newest out there and it is a 16x burner.  so if you are looking for 16x, do not buy this one
dissapointing.i record dvd movies as a hobby and am always looking for better media, software etc.- i'd been using ridata for some time w/ next to no coasters but figured i'd upgrade and go with memorex this time around. big mistake. they skip, pixelate and freeze up. i have had to recopy at least 5 out of the last dozen or so movies i've done. were it a compatibility issue i could understand, but it appears to be strictly a problem with the quality of the media. i'm going back to using my cheap disks! .the lesson here is: " if it works, dont fix it!
sandisk cruzer mini 2 gb usb flash drive review.it would not download; it just stopped about 1/4 the way through.  i will have to send it back
problems ejecting usb mass storage device with winxp.it worked file with win 2k, but as soon as i switched to windows xp, this device was rendered utterly useless to me - it won't shut down or eject, and windows explorer won't see it.  grrrrrrrr .....
emartbuy = incompetence.it's been over 19 days since my sandisk 512mb transflash card was "shipped" from emartbuy and i still have not received my order. when i contacted emartcrap, all they could tell me was that it had been shipped. i am sure that flash card works great. i just hope that i will receive it before it becomes obsolete. avoid emartbuy at all cost. don't settle for incompetency. your are better off paying a higher price for better service...correction any service
not for comcast / motorola dvr users.start off with the bad news.  i have a motorola dvr / converter box with my comcast cable service, and the comcast remote sends the ads box into gonzo fits.  attempting to use the menu button on the cable remote causes the ads box to switch inputs.  using the cable dvr fast-forward button cycles the ads through screen formats with each button push, etc.  i contacted ads tech service and they responded that the only fix was to physically separate the two boxes so the remotes could be aimed at one at a time. ..obviously, this is not acceptable...too bad because this box does a much better job than my philips cineos at upscaling.  tivo, analog cable, dvd, laserdisc all look better.  the improvement is more than worth the hassle of having another remote to handle, but definitely not worth it if you have a motorola cable box that will conflict...5 stars for video quality, 3 stars for user interface (which is not so great), subtract all but 1 star for failure to publicise conflict and for failure to solve conflict.
so - so.this charger does not seem to charge the batteries fully. i thought that my rechargable batteries were "out of life", but discovered that it was just a case of this charger failing to recharge them fully. my daughter brought home a cheap sakar overnight charger when visiting. i popped in a set of batteries i thought were done for, and found them to be just fine using her sakar charger. what happens on my charger is that the lights (indicating that the batteries have been fully charged) all go off, and the batteries are "cool to the touch" (indicating that they have been fully recharged). nope! only about half way recharged
didnt travel well.while traveling in china i hooked up this charger to a sharper image voltage converter and had to through it away after it started smoking.  a much better buy would be the sony charger with worldwide voltage and for 5 dollars less
poor to middling quality - breaks under heavy use.i have two of these chargers that i bought directly from kodak for about $10 each. each of them came with 4 aaa batteries which do not charge at all straight out of the package. one of the chargers has become defective after somewhat heavy use. battery charger technology is not all that complicated but kodak doesn't seem to have mastered it yet. no wonder they were practically giving these away. i'd avoid purchasing these now at any price
problems with springs and batteries.i bought this charger 11 months ago.  it came with 4 kodak 1850 ma nimh batteries.  after a few months of light use, the batteries were unable to hold charge as much as 1850 ma batteries should.  if i use the batteries immediately after charging them, i can take about 20 pictures (while my 2000 ma nimh batteries can do #62;60).  if i charge them and put them into my camera bag as reserves, they won't be useful after only a week...the charger is capable of charging both aa and aaa batteries.  but a few months ago, 1 spring for switching between aa and aaa stopped working properly.  this was after very light use.  i only charge aaa batteries once a month...the market for nimh batteries and chargers is more competitive than a year ago.  i would not buy this kodak if i were to buy today
only lasted a few months.this worked fine at first but after a few months, the charger could not hold the aaa batteries in place. the spring mechanisms failed for 3 out of the 4 positions that would hold the aaa batteries. thus, i could no longer charge the aaa batteries. then after a while, the charger just quit working all together
beware of kingston rebates!.beware of kingston rebates!..of course, i hope your experience would differ, if you were to buy kingston product(s), but mine was terrible...i bought a kingston compactflash card that offered a $50 mail-in rebate.  i promptly (as in, the day after i received the item delivery) went to photocopy my rebate certificate and upc code and sales receipt; then sent it all on its merry way.  yes, i was well within the rebate period, both for the purchase and for the postmark date.  my purchase was a valid retailer (think huge online e-tailer)...the rebate required sending the entire original upc label, which was like the entire outside package for my cf card, about the size of 1  business cards when flattened.  no problem...about two months later, i get a letter saying "your rebate request was denied because you failed to furnish the appropriate original upc code as required by the rebate offer."..well, now  what?  i can't re-send the original (it was already in their possession).  i called, and they insisted on repeating what the letter said.  i re-sent my photocopies and they said a photocopy is invalid proof of purchase...after another 6 weeks of pursuing this, i figured this is their scam.  they simply wouldn't honor the rebate.  and without the original upc in my possession, i couldn't really submit to their requirements...if you're looking for a ram upgrade, i'd suggest you look at a quality company like ocz (the best!), or patriot, geil, or corsair.  if you're looking for a value flash memory card, i might suggest sandisk...for one, kingston does not make the best products, they are value-driven products...two, there are competitors to kingston with just as good or better value-to-performance ratios at the same prices...three, kingston will not stand behind their customer as i have experienced...i urge you to, please, be cautious of kingston and their rebate scams
compatibility issues.cosmetically pleasing is about the only good thing you can say about this unit.  the included software does contain viruses.  the included software is a reminate of the late 80's to early 90's.  the tablet itself does not work under win2000 nor winxp.  under 98 second edition it stops responding quite frequetly and you have to unplug and plug the unit back in to get it to respond again.  this unit would be great, if it came out 7 years ago.  you get what you pay for
warning.i had no problems burning to these discs, its when i went back a few months later to these discs and found out that none of them work anymore. after further research i found out that memorex uses the cheapest dye available and thus the dvds have absolutelly no life to them, my discs started dying after a few months..in addition, in you physically hold the disc in your hands you can feel how warped physically it has become. this is true for all the discs (about 150 of them). i can not not recommend this product stronly enough!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
incredibly inconsistent, and a waste for me..out of the past 20 burns, i have only had 10 dvd's burn successfully.  i use roxio cd creator version 7, which does a great job with my cd's, so i'm pretty sure it's the dvd media.  not only am i wasting all my money, but my time as well.  i've tried to lower the burn speed, but it does not matter.  i'd try something else
terrible!.bad bad bad.  i'm not sure exactly what is wrong with these discs, whether it is flimsy material or an asymmetrical center but they are not reliable.  i purchased a 50 spindle and from the first 28 used only one worked properly.  this is an expensive waste.  i suggest going with better quality discs at the outset.  it will save on headache later
cmc disks are crap.i would avoid these discs.  i have been using these discs for some time doing backups.  recently, i've had a few problems and decided to look at these further.  i noticed another review that said that the discs are made by multiple companies under the memorex brand as are others like tdk, etc..  i used to dvd info and noticed that my most recent purchase is made by cmc and i'm having problems with some of the discs including burn errors. one disk has strange ring in the die.   i have the nec 1300a burner.  i also having some trouble playing backups on the same drive on my computer. less trouble playing on my sony dvd player. just based on this (not a clear indication of what you're getting when you purchase), i would go with something else. these discs are not cheap enough for this reason.
cleaning machine... didn't repair..the machine does fine for quick cleaning of your cd's/dvd's.  i can't give a complete review of the product because i only tried to repair 1 dvd... and it did not repair it
won't even turn on.i used the repair feature one time and the unit would never turn on again and the disc i did do the repair on still didn't work.  don't waste your money on this
not impressed...at all. will just have to keep buying new copies until something better comes along!.i ordered this on the recommendation of another amazon customer. i wasnt impressed. i though this would save me money because until then i had been just buying new copies of my favorite cds that were scrathced up. i cleaned a few discs and ran them through all three "processes" without successful results. it didnt seem to make much difference with any of my discs. i dont think this is a good "repairer" of any disc thats more than mildly scratched. my suggestion would be to just replace your damaged discs by buying another copy of your cd or dvd on amazon!! many of my cds i have replaced for $7-10 bucks on here. i wish i wouldve kept my $25
item was doa.much to my dismay, the item arrived doa, and even tech support was not readily available. i eventually filed an rma with the seller, but i had to pay for return shipping costs. there apparently is no such thing as "quality control" from the seller in an item as simple as this, and for this i rate this item such. while the replacement works, i would recommend others to not buy this until they have tried the age-old "soap water" solution first
disappointed.i purchased this flash card in june for my gps memory. loaded fine, but only lasted 3 months. card lost all it's memory and was unable to take a new load. very disappointed in the life of the card.
decent when it worked right.not sure if i just got a lemon or what but would never purchase this player again. it worked right most of the time, but found that at times it would confuse the change disc button with the eject button. i would have to turn the unit on and off to get it to "reset" and work correctly.  it's now about 9 months later and the unit decided it was time to stop working..bought it because it was cheap and i guess i got what i paid for. fork out the extra cash and purchase another brand
ginormous waste of money.i have purchased three of these dvd players in the past 2 1/2 years, every one of them has had the same problems.  trouble reading dvds, dvds skipping, discs freezing and the manual buttons stopped working on two of the units.  the price is right on the unit, but not for the time it worked.  i would have been better off spending double or triple the unit price to get one that worked for more than 6 months without a problem.  if i could give it less than 1 star i would because thats really what it is worth, nothing
garbage pure and simple.i bought this player because i wanted to play dvds from various regions.  the good news is that it plays discs from all regions outside of region 1 just as well as it plays those in region 1.  the bad news is that i never found a disc which the unit could play through in its entirety.  it would click, grind and sputter along for 30 or, on a good day, 50 minutes before just freezing up.  save your money or buy a coby dvd-224, which is an infinitely superior unit
october 2006.this dvd player is potentially a great, cheap and versatile machine but... ..the two i bought from worldwide distributers were faulty.  i have a friend who owns a ch-dvd 300 which works perfectly with my region 2 (english) dvds. i have a cyberhome dvd player in england which works perfectly as well.  the two machine i received didnt work very well and didnt play some discs at all. this is why i would recommend spending a bit more on another machine.  after returning two players i decided to buy a philips dvp5140 (multiformat dvd player with divx, mp3, windows media support) which with a code to allow it to play all regions works perfectly!  it cost $60 with free shipping through amazon so wasn't actually much more expensive than the other player!  (see the reviews of this player for the code!)..i would also like to say that there was nothing wrong with the service from worldwide distributors and that they refunded most of the shipping costs. the problem was only with the dvd players they sent me
dead after a few months.as with some of the other reviewers, mine stopped working and blew the fuse in my car for the cigarette lighter.  i bought a vector brand inverter at wal-mart and it is much better
another fuse....it came with the stickers all peeling off. used it for about a month and the item failed on me. then the bad news, it blew the fuses in my car and all my electronics stopped working. tried it on a friends car and i blew his fuses (car and person). look for something else. seems to be a common problem. ..update: linksys replaced this product instantly. works but a little worried it will fail again. ..update on update: died again...
never worked.about a year ago i got one of these to allow me to play dvds for my kids on my laptop while travelling.  it has an alarm that sounds when your battery is getting too low -- well it sounded immediately .  i figured that my car battery was not fully charged or on its last legs.  i hadn't tried to use it since.  now that i'm taking another trip, i thought i'd try it out in other cars.  no luck.  the thing is dead -- doesn't do a thing when i plug it in
product stopped working.the first unit worked ok for about a month but then just stopped transmitting, if you unplugged it and plugged it back in again it would work for about 5 minutes and then stop again. returned it for a replacement and the exact same thing happened in 2 weeks. returned second unit for credit and will buy something else. both units had a lot of static, even at low to moderate volume level
not for use on treadmill.i bought these headphones to watch tv while on the treadmill. they don't work at all for that purpose. interference from the motor causes them to cut-out. they work great when i stop the treadmill
really not worth your money and its overpriced.i was very interested in buying this product even before it came out, but i have to say i am disappointed.  this product does not offer any thing that a digital watch timing your run, a play list that is constructed before you run and figuring our your miles before you run on the street and it is even less useful if you are going on a treadmill.  i say less useful on the treadmill because it keep track of the distance for you, and when running on the street its not that hard to chart out a running path for you before you go out and run.  this product is not the breakthrough that a lot of people think it is.  .i am a fan of apple products, have owned 4 ipod, 2 ibooks, an imac and a macmini but after buying this product i have decided to sell it because it doesn't do any thing that can do on your own.  i don't think that my mind would change if they added a heart monitor because you know that they up-charge for that probably into the 60-dollar range. ..i have been running for the past 3 months on a daily basis, and have run 5k-10k and half marathons in the past.
never recieved any repalcement paln information.i never recieved any replacement paln informtion regarding my warenty. i had customer service email stating they would send me the paperwork for the plan but never did. ii sure hope when i need to use it i will be able to.
data clears with battery change.each time you replace the battery you have to reload all of your data.  don't waste your money on this one
how about a hammer for a stylus?.this product stinks.  typically, the documentation is not written in standard english, but in some cyber-patois that no civilized person understands.  their support material is exhaustive and exhausting and solves no user problem.  i bought it primarily for book reading and, so far, have not been able to access a single one.  the quot;desktop managerquot; tells me the quot;synchronizationquot; went ok, but that proves to be false.  the stories i downloaded are nowhere to be found.  i look under franklin reader and find nothing.  i look under mobi reader and find the same.  i don't need another calculator, or memo book, or solitaire game, or voice recorder, or mp3 player, or phone book.  i wanted a portable library for fiction, nonfiction, whatever, and this gadget will not give it to me.  if you remember the seinfeld episode in which the foreign professor threw the electronic organizer out the window, you have an idea of what i feel like doing with this thing.  i bought it from a clearance company on ebay for 50 bucks, so it's not a huge loss.  but i did want an ebook reader.  apparently, there are a lot of ebooks online for the taking (or buying), but i'll never see them, not with the franklin ebookman anyway.  and i'm certainly not going in search of another device.  once burned, twice shy
having problems!.when trying to download information to the ipod, i keep getting error messages reading ipod is corrupt and it asks me to restore the ipod.  sometimes the software will recognize the ipod and other times it won't.  i have installed and reinstalled the software several times, but it does not seem to fix the problem.
received bad service.amazon fail to deliver item within a reasonable time.  the item fail to arrive and therefore we never received the good
dvd operation is very poor.while the price for this hts is very nice, the performance is substandard.  there's a hissing sound when the unit is off.  the dvd player has trouble playing dvds.  i have a large dvd collection  most of them don't play.  the surround quality is also very poor. it's a stretch to call it surround sound when half of the speakers don't put out much sound.  in order to get this serviced, i have to send it out for up to 3 months.  i bought a progressive dvd player, put the audio through the phillips hts 3400 and the video to the tv and suddenly the picture was better and the sound was better.
not good.the sound was great, but the dvd would lag every 10-15 seconds during any and all movies.  it drove me nuts. i had to return it.
sad! because i have to keep it for my birthday!.this philips hts3400 dvd has all the features i need, but its mp3 player is really bad: audio just pops before moving to a next song . it looks like what philips' people just do in all of their electronics.  i really don't want to talk about this any more because william r. french and  a. isaicu all talke about these problems
i returned this system in one week.it came down to a choice between a $40 sound system with a seperate dvd player or this $200 system. the reason i purchased it was because it would save on space. well, it may save on space, but the functionality was reduced to nearly zero. the cons:.-audio popped in and out when playing mp3 cd's. also a cracking sound when it actually played the audio..-hissing (especially from the rear speakers) when the unit was turned off..-low volume from the rear speakers..-didn't play many dvd's right (it would just stop, as if it couldn't read it)..-will not read dvd-r/rw's..-stuttering picture. it did this on all dvd's played. every few seconds (it was an intermittent length of time between ocurrences) it looked as if it would drop a few frames. the audio never varied from being spot on, but it looked as if the player couldn't keep up with the dvd. this is what killed it for me. this could be because of a defective unit, however, i will not be risking my money on another philips player. ..the pros:.-good audio output. that's about it...my expectations were disappointed horribly. i will not be buying another philips if i can help it at all. instead, i bought a sony slimline dvd player($75 with a $40 sound system) and it is far superior. far. and it plays dvd-r/rw's
constant noise.july 31st 2005:.i was looking for a dvd player for my bedroom at costco and couldn't resist the $179 price for this brand new philips hts3400 (hts3410 is the same except that it comes all in silver rather than silver/black). .i played some dvds and cds and after 2 days i decided to return it for 2 reasons:.1. it makes a hissing sound when it's turned off. now, it wouldn't bother me too much in a basement (althought it would still be anoying), but it's a definite no no in the bedroom..2. rear speakers are almost silent no matter how much you increase the volume to them...if you don't mind these 2 things, then by all means go for it...aug 2005 update:.having nothing better to do, i went and purchased another unit from costco to see if indeed i have a bad unit or it's a design/manufacturing issue..surprise surprise...second unit makes the same exact noise only a bit louder!.curious enough (i'm a mechanical engineer with some knowledge of electronics) i open the unit to see where is this noise coming from. it is the ac/dc transformer, more specific two 330uf capacitors making this noise..that is really poor design and/or low quality components!!! i did not expect this from a brand name like philips. this is no different than any no name units out there at half price...as a result i am changing my initial reivew and recommend that you look for a different product, this one is definately not worth the money. i cannot update the stars but this time i would rate it with 0 stars...oct 2006 update: it stopped reading cds but it reads dvds no problem. returned to costco!
worked great for a couple of days.....i was so excited about how great this product worked when i got it.  i had purchased the fm transmitter for my wife and they do not work so great so i thought since my car had a tape deck i would give this a try.  i was excited that i had all my ipod music with me, but after less than a week it the sound  started going down hill to a point where i couldn't listen anymore with it.  it is now in a landfill somewhere.  my guess is i will need a radio in the car that is ipod compatiable cable.  for now just have the radio and cds i burn
doesn't work with every vehicle.this adapter would not work at all in my 1996 ford ranger.  the vehicle's cassette player kept ejecting it.  however, it did work in a co-worker's 1993 ford ranger.  it also would not work in a 1993 monte carlo...same problem
these cost $10.00 with shipping!.no kidding!!  the shipping charge on these batteries was over $6.00.  amazon doesn't itemize the shipping charges on your order, so if you order multiple items, you won't know that you're being raped by crutchfield until it is too late!
great idea -- bad execution!.the good:.when i first heard about this board i was incredibly excited.  i have been playing bf2 (battlefield 2) for almost a year now and still continually find myself stumbling over the keys. so it was a godsend to be able to purchase something like this directly intended to help me be better at my game. ..the interchangable keysets for different games and applications is quite intriguing -- the first that i have seen.  but the price for each is kind of high but well worth it...the bad:.the board is constructed well but don't expect this to replace your home keyboard.  the "windows keyset" that comes standard with this board has all the keys as any run-of-the-mill keyboard but it is awkward to type with (i might be biased since i have a msoft ergonomic split keyboard). ..in-game typing is difficult at best (with the gaming keysets). with most of the gaming keysets the keys on the left 1/2 of the keyboard are laid out like your home keyboard but on the right 1/2 side they are all vertical (not staggered.. like u,j and m  keys are 90 degrees vertically on top of each other). the keys feel a little "cheap" .. when you push them down they don't bounce back as much...the ugly:.about 2 weeks after i purchases this board (and the bf2 keyset) 9 keys went completely dead.  i tried to reinstall the software, reboot and even resinstalled a fresh copy of windows xp to no avail...i contacted support and it has taken us 3 weeks to finally reach the decision that i have a faulty base unit. duh!  they are "reviewing my warranty" but most likely it will not be covered because it has been longer than 30 day. maybe this post is premature but i don't think i am getting a new base unit...conclusion:.the expression "great idea, bad execution" holds true here. my opinion: don't buy this board. ideazon has too many issues, not enough support staff and a website that doesn't do anything but look good
great but hard to get use to.the z-board is great. but if you are playing battlefield 2 and then switch to the zboard you are in a fix. the controls are totally different and very hard to get use to. if you start with it, it might be alright but i think the regular keyboard will be just fine
broke in less than a year.the player stopped working after only a few months - it would accept dvds but not play them and refuse to eject them.  that behavior started out as intermittent, but it finally gave up the ghost and swallowed a dvd and never let go.  we had to take the player apart just to get the dvd out before throwing the player away in the trash.  our previous dvd player lasted over 5 years before it started skipping.  this one lasted less than a year before it stopped working altogether - what a waste.  save your time and money and buy another machine
dead after only 1 year.i bought this dvd player after my sony player died prematurely.  is it just me, or are dvd players supposed to have a longer life??  this dvd player looks nice and works fine when it is working.  the player is a bit noisy when reading the discs, though.  but the bottom line is that it just stopped working after only 1 year of use.  i expected an improvement over my sony player and i am sorely disappointed
mine broke after 7 months and 1 day.good while it lasted, pos broke yesterday for no reason, won't read anything i put in it, phillips customer service was no help, i have to buy and new dvd player... and it won't be a phillips
mechanism so loud you can hear it over the film.i recently purchased this model from a source outside amazon.  it is easily unlocked to play all region dvds and the picture quality is excellent, however, the unit would only work using the s video connector, not separate connections.  the spinning of the dvd itself was ridiculously loud
rip-off: doesn't advertise that you need an ac adaptor.i would like to believe that this hub works well- but i wouldn't know.  i bought it to reduce clutter on my desk from all my devices hooking into my powermac.  i hooked up my printer, ipod and digital camera and nothing happened.  i called targus and they said i needed an a/c adaptor.  it doesn't come with one and doesn't say anything about one in the manual or instructions, or their website.  they said i could get it at radio shack and gave me the info (5 volt, 2.1 amp, center positive).  i've been to two radio shacks and online- they don't carry it.  i'm upset.  any advice
ve1031m.i can neither rate nor review this item, because i just realized i have to have two of them to use it.  they call it an intercom system, but it is really only half a system.  amazon says there are only two left, so if this seems to be what you are looking for, better buy both. i bought a second one tonight
be warned!.these xtreme cd cases stinks,literally! i don't know what kind of plastic material they are using and if they are toxic, but the smell is absolutely nauseous. i kept it for two weeks hoping the smell would go away. nope. finally i threw it away. .other than the smell, quality-wise it is ok.
pos!  broke w/in 6 months and apple bailed on it..what a crock as it looks like everyone else got good product and good service!  i got a shuffle and something happened the second time i tried to load music to make it not even play.  i took it to the apple store in mall of america (minneapolis, mn) and they claimed to know there was an issue and claimed to have fixxed it.  i go back home (ok) and it still does not work.  apple said for $113 they'll fix.  gee thanks!  i'll be looking at another brand!  apple stinks
don't buy this.after only 3 months the sandisk cruzer micro 2gb died.  data was lost, could not be read.  both my desktop and laptop computer wanted to reformat the cruzer, but when i tried to format, it could not. flash drive is totally useless. i replaced it with a kingston data traveller and i hope it lasts longer.
work ok but with some bugs.i got this player from wal-mart for about $72 after tax.  i like the long battery live, i didn't have to change the battery after 3 or 4 days of usage...the only bug i hate is when i transfer audio tracks from my pc to the player, it changed some title and artist's name for few tracks (each transfer is on few different tracks).  since you can't make any changes when the sound tracks is on the player, nor can you set a "playlist" on the player, so when i transfer an audio book to the player, it is not playing in the order of the chapters for the book.  because of this bug, i have to double check the title name every time after a transfer and write down the tracks that the name has been changed and later on manually play the tracks in the order of the eaudio book...i assume people use this player for individual soundtrack doesn't care about this, but for me and people who use it for playing eaudio book will hate this player
channel + did not work.one of the most essential buttons on any remote is the channel + button and it did not work straight out of the box.  i returned it...beyond that, setting it up takes time but is not difficult.  i am just going to wait and see about the next model that comes out
unreliable.i have a pny disk.  shortly after the purchase i started getting "memory card error".  it lasted intermittently for another month then died.  this is a sure sign of poor quality control.  i bought pny because it was slightly cheaper than the other disks.  i suggest investing your money elsewhere.  it is worth the extra $$$ to save your precious information
before you buy.i just recieved my brandnew 256mb sd memory card from newegg a few hours ago. it came in factory packaging and i know is brand new. immidiatly upon putting it in my card reader it said "card read error" i have put it in serveral other computers and cameras in an attempt to format it, this card is shot and i just got it. this is not the first pny 256 to do this to me, i gave one away previously in frustrastion thinking it was my computer, it was not. i tried to call there tech support but at first it gave me only the option of where to buy their products when i called again it was closed and offered no info on sd memory. i went online and looked for support for sd but wouldn't you know they don't have any faqs on it. i tried to write them an email on it but there mail server crashed and my 10 minutes of typing to there tech support was in vein. i have read that many others have recieved cards that didn't work when they got them or failed after 1 or 2 erase cycles. in short don't by pny, spend the extra money and get something that will work, if it doesn't work i don't think tech support will help you, if you want to roll the dice and take a chance and something that probably wont work than pny is for you. if you don't believe me call their tech support 18002344597, you try to ask them about there fine sd memory, go to their website to, see what they have to say about there fine products, spend the 5 minutes to look into it before buying it on impuls
cheap for a reason -- it doesn't like paper.at first i was happy to be able to purchase a printer for such a low price.  however, the price should be even lower for this pile of junk.  every time i attempt to print, i spend several minutes trying to feed it paper.  the printer will intake several pieces of paper at the same time instead of just one, and it will jam up.  even if i just feed it one piece of paper at a time, it will often still jam on just one piece of paper.  printing should not be this hard.  these problems have occurred since i first purchased the printer.  i regret purchasing this printer, as i should have went with a higher end model.  i've lost respect for hp products because of the poor quality of this printer
hasn't worked for a while.briefly, i have four stations and they never really worked right, i presume because of the need to be on the same circuit. i want to replace them now but i'm not sure i'd buy this brand again.
good idea poor excecution..this product only works for light scratches and greasy dirt and grime. it could be better if the polishing heads rotated at a much faster speed and applied more pressure.  the polishing fluid is also not very good.  better is compound from an autobody paint store.  acrylic is acrylic.  essentially it lacks power.  i've polished to a shine deeply scratched cds and dvds using an automotive paint polishing machine.  ..this tool is a waste of time and money. ..if they powered it up for $50.00 more than i would probably buy one.  commercial cd polishers are available but for a couple of hundred dollars
good product but only lived a short life - 1 year.it was a great product when it worked.  sleek design, super user friendly, sharp image and easily unlock to all region.  never had any problem loading or playing until last week.  went completely dead for no reason in the middle of a movie.  swallowed the dvd with it.  it would've been a greater product if it lived pass 1 year at least
they slipped off in my ears!.when i first got the headphones (e3c) i tried all of the sleeves, trying to find a good balance between comfort, ease of use, and sound quality.  it is important with all of them to insert them correctly to get a good seal, and therefore good sound...i really liked the ultra-soft sleeves because they were simple to put in, had a good seal, and were confortable to wear.  unfortunately they are so soft they slip off of the stem if they are in too deep.  this happened to me twice (i know, fool me once...)!  my wife had to get in there with tweezers to get them out.  i have read that i'm not the only one.  others have had to go to the hospital to get them out.  beware
worthless.the discs simply do not work. i have used them before with no problems, and i bought two of these packs, 100 discs total, and they were all bad. the technical support was a joke, who told me that since "you don't know what you're doing" they would send me to customer relations. i was on the phone with customer relations for just under a hour, talking to someone with the education level below 5th grade...the 'customer relations' person talked to me sarcastically, put me on hold three times for over 10 minutes each time, and kept repeating over and over what the problem was. eventually he told to send in all the discs, proofs of purchases that simply did not exist, and all of these was at my own cost, since they would not reimburse shipping. the representative kept inferring that i would never take him up on his offer. i wonder if anyone ever has. after that absolute horrific experience that simply cannot be boiled down into a simply paragraph, i will absolutely never buy anything that says memorex on it for my entire life...[...
worthless.i've had two sets of memorex dvd-r discs and no matter what they last a year at best, burned or not.  save yourself alot of headaches and spend an extra $5 dollars on another brand that actually works
worst discs ever.i've burned almost 100 memorex 8x discs in four different pc dvd burners.  roughly 1/4 errored during the burn.  of those that burned, over 1/2 pixelate and lock up when played on pc or home dvd player.  my firmware is up to date and i haven't had this much trouble with any other dvd-r except for staples brand.  i give them 2-stars since they do work well in my home theater dvd burners but only in standard play mode and at 1x burn speed.  in ep or faster burn modes, they pixelate.
a dismal failure.although this microphone does work, i have to be right next to it. (~6 inches away, tops) low sensitivity. buy another one.
doesn't work.i tested this microphone on two computers, and they produced no sound from the microphone. we had bought this yesterday, and right from the start, it never produced any sound. buy another desktop microphon
drops connection, trendnet helpdesk victimized me.i have a windows xp home sp2. my wireless router is linksys...i have a dell c610 laptop that has built-in wireless, and a dell desktop for which i purchased this trendnet pci adapter...installation was easy. i never shutdown my desktop, the next day there was no internet connection. upon checking the signal, it seemed to be at 80%. repairing a connection did not solve the issue, the process hung. i had to restart the pc. upon restarting the connection was fine. all the while my laptop was connected with no issues...when i called trendnet helpdesk, the person told me that i was the only person who had this problem. he asked me to switch the card to another empty slot  call back. he hung up. ..i switched the card to another slot. next day the connection was not there. i called helpdesk again. this time some other person asked me to download the latest driver. i did that, the problem did not go away...i was given an rma number, but now i have to pay for shipping to trendnet, i sent an email asking for an explanation. they explained that "they would pay for the shipping of the replacement". i was not pleased with this policy. now i have to bear the burden of a defective product, not the company. i responded with a request for escalation to the management. so far it has been 10 days, and no response...i am writing this review from my laptop, because the internet connection from my desktop is completely unreliable...i give this 2 stars for (a) easy installation (b) toll free customer service with good hours..i will not buy a trendnet product again
frequent dropped connection.the connection drops if the internet activity stops and does not connect until you restart the computer. all this with great reception. extremely unreliable product
bad signal detecting.1-disconnect every 5min comparing to my wireless notebook   which is continously working where both reciving from the same router that  mean the problem is not in the router  as i thought befor.2-very low signal detecting where the distance is about 10m  in open area (less than bluetooth rang...loool).3-pay some more bucks and get mimo adapte
this wireless nic doesn't work well with linksys wrt54g router.i bought it because it was cheaper. however, my windows machine failed to connect to my linksys router very often. i regret to own this wireless nic
didn't last long.buy the cheaper mdr-j10.  these are bulkier and don't stay in your ear as well as the j10.  the cheap clip-on device for attaching the cord to your shirt makes the headphones slip out of your ear even easier.  they last about as well as the j10s that i have owned in the past - they are already starting to fizzle/short out.  i have already purchased a set of j10s to replace these when they finally give up the ghost
junk. a little workout sweat destroyed them..don't buy these. i don't have a problem with sony, in fact, some of the other sony headphones (like the mdr-j10) are much better. i used these running outside and at the gym and in no time they stopped working. and they sounded like garbage to start with. oh, and since i am a forgiving person, i bought a second pair of the same thing to see if the first was a lemon. nope. it's just a terrible product. they clearly couldn't take the abuse of some sweat. junk. and they feel awkward. get the cheaper mdr-j10. much better. lasted much longer through the workouts
wouldn't recommend ....although the sound is decent, i agree with many of the other reviewers' thoughts on these headphones.  they too often fall off the ear and when they do stay on are easily rattled around.  the clip is very awkward and only pulls the phones off the ear when one extends/rotates their torso.  shortly after purchasing mine, the rubber-coating on one of the wires inadvertently split open, revealing the leads.  the sound was eventually lost in that earpiece.  i would suggest looking eleswhere for quality headphones for exercising
don't waste your money.if i could give these negative stars, i would.  i bought these thinking they'd be great for the gym.  wrong.  they continuously fell off, so often it was annoying not only me, but the girl on the treadmill next to me. not only that, but the ten seconds they did stay on, they bounced around and made a rattling noise so loud, i couldn't even hear the music i was listening to.  i highly recommend you forget these duds.  i'm going to purchase another pair of sony h.ear mdr-j20 headphones, which is what i bought these to replace because i slammed the car door on the cord of my original pair
ipods die as soon as the warranty ends.i have purchased multiple ipods and they always die as soon as the warranty ends, i have many problems who have had the same experience. apple has terrible customer services and basically tells you that you are sol if you don't have an extended warranty. on top of that, although you are covered for one year, after a few months you no longer can recieve free customer service and they make you pay just to call and say that your ipod which is under warranty is broken needs to be replaced. i don't know if there is any other brand that works much better, but i'd suggest spending less money and buy a competitive product, atleast you won't feel ripped off because you paid so much more when it breaks.
buyer beware: don't buy this product without extended warranty.the 40gb click wheel ipod i bought for my husband for christmas last year died (hard drive fried) 360 days after he opened the box but one year and 3 weeks past when i bought it.  appeals to an apple store and the "apple cares" (how's that for an oxymoron?) phone line fell on deaf ears.  they were unwilling to make any exception or provide discounts on a replacement, "...our warranty clearly states...from the date of purchase...".  so, in all caps, if you must buy an ipod, buyer beware! think of this as a disposable purchase that will only last as long as the warranty
the worst piece of equipment i've ever bought.what a waste of money this product is; i've been using linksys products exclusively for over 5 years for my home networking needs and have been very pleased with them all. this was my first negative experience, and i truly regret wasting money on it. i've had the nslu2 for over 6 months now and it's never been reliable. it works ok as long you you're not using it (i.e. it stays up and running); it even works good with transferring one or two small files; but trying to move a large number of files (and by large i mean anything over 10-15 files) locks up both the nslu2 and the computer the transfer is initiated from solid and required a hard boot of both. deleting files from nslu2 (or should i say via nslu2) is also a crap shoot - sometimes it works and sometimes it just locks up. i'm so frustrated with it now that i'm starting to look for another alternative to replace it with and will send this one straight to the trash can as soon as i find something. do yourself a favor and look for other options, even if they cost more - you'll just end up wasting money on this pos
product is not very useful.product is not very useful because it writes out to the connected disk in the product's own unique format -- neither that of windows nor of macintosh -- this makes it impossible to plug the disk being used directly into a windows or macintosh pc
did they forget to tell you..................?.i apologize for the single star review.  there wasn't an option for no stars. .great concept, pitiful device.  nowhere does it say that the external usb drives attached to this device will be formated differently than if they were attached directly to the usb port on your pc until you break the seal and get ready to connect.  they will only work on this device..we got it set up and moved all the files we planned to share for our home business to it.  they were now easily accessible from any computer and life was great.  at least until we had to later move the adapter to another location in the office.  after turning it off and moving it, all of the data disappeared.  the file icon was still there but different.  the file size became -0-.  you'd think that once written they would remain.  think again.  the files weren't being accessed like a flash drive when it was turned off.  they were written. .do yourself a big favor and don't buy it
so so.this item doesn't have the best volume control.  if you do have the volume increased your voice comes through the ear piece and is very annoying
poor performer.i have 2 other sw radios with a lower price than this one and the reception for each is much better. disappointed
forget it for shortwave.radio works fine for am  fm but forget it if you want to use for shortwave listening.  there is no squelch so frequency scanning is worthless.  it just stops on every frequency.  the manual tuning dial is small and somewhat 'sticky', you will only use it to fine tune.  shortwave reception isn't all that great.  i can put it next to a tabletop radio with built in antenna and the tabletop pulls in 75% more stations.  if you want a small am/fm radio with alarm and are willing to pay $100, go for it.  just don't expect much from the shortwave perspective
sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.flakey, like nearly all of d-link's wireless products...some days it works, connecting fine to the dlink wpa-psk router i have, and sometimes it won't connect at all...the 100mb/s wired ethernet always works, though, and works very well...a nice wired camera, that sometimes will do wireless as well
1 out of 4 is not so bad. . ..i bought four of these. 1 works as advertised, 1 only works only wired (never sees any wireless networks), 1 works intermittently (doesn't often link up to the wireless network), and the last was doa (doesn't hook up to either wired or wireless networks).  i think d-link sent them out a bit early; hw revision a1  firmware revision 001.  as usual, d-link's support is pretty much non-existent and there are no firmware or other updates available.  if you're going to take your chances on one (or four), make sure you buy it/them from someplace that has a decent money-back warranty
poor and useless support. does not record images.i've made the biggest mistake of buying 6 of these cameras only to find out that the images does not get recorded at all. i called the technical support of d-link and all they did was make me repeat the trouble 4 times and promise me to pass me to level 2 support and then they'd drop the line. if i call back, i had to go through the same routine all over again. do not buy this product or you will be as sorry as i am now
no wireless out of the box!.first, i also own 2 dcs-900w cameras that although a little twitchy to setup, have been running fine for over a year.  however, the g900 worked fine when connected by ethernet but does not work wirelessly.  i know the setup is correct as i'm using the same setup as the other cameras - it doesn't see any wireless networks.  and a call to d-link support simply suggested returning the unit so i suspect they know there is a problem on some units
lot of features, no use.i have this unit for 1 year now. greatest problems. (btw, i have latest software 1.7.0) .1. unit heats up in just 30 minutes. just in 30 minutes of navigation, the unit showed this message "please cool the unit or the unit will shutdown". imagine you are in new york city . and the unit shows this message. i had such multiple instances. i had magallen before which had 20gb harddisk, which is lighter and does not have a heat sink nor has heat problems. .2. unit recognizes that you are offroute but takes long time to regenerate the way. .3. the directions are always "beating around the bush" rather than shortest distance. .4. on entering addresses, it says the road not in database, but when you are driving on the same road, the unit shows the name of the same road on the top of scree
don't buy it.don't buy this unit. the database is terrible, and lowrance wants $75 for an update. this unit has sent me on wild goose chases looking for stores that moved from the database's given address years ago. it has no listing for businesses that have existed for years, and more often than not tells you to turn after you already passed the street it wanted you to turn on. extremely disappointing, and definitely not worth the money
wide multi-color page streaks  render printer useless..printer has had very light use and suddenly developed mostly magenta  cyan toner leaks. the excess toner is streaked and transfered to every page resulting in full length page striping. the print outs are absolutely useless for presentation and barely useable for drafts. hp denies there is a problem however i see that i am not the only one with this issue. won't buy hp again. this is clearly a defective product design. there is no resolve. your printer is now an expensive and rather large doorstop.
hp lj4600 quality issues with cartridges and support.now we have this printer for nearly 2 years in office use, and before purchase we find that this printer has a good price per printout. but noone expected that some of the cartridges make stripy printout (with black, cyan and margenta)when the cartridge is only 50% used.... so the price per page doubles due to some misconstructed cartridges. .the support is also annoying - noone feels resonsible for this problem and the printout price rises by 100%..we won't buy another hp color printe
hugh boat anchor.this printer started off wonderfully.  then, over the past year, the toner leaks and noise from the printer is unbearable.  my office has tried to contact hp but to no avail.  the hp service department doesn't speak english.  in fact, their gibberish sounds like the adult speech from a charlie brown cartoon.  what's worse, problems with the printer, or the non-caring attitude of hp?  at this point, after 2 years of operation, we've decided to launch the printer from our office roof top. we'll video the coverage and send to david letterman.  hp has lost a very long-standing customer.
toner problems.i have been using an hp 4600 for about 2 years now. there is one more printer of the same model in my building. both printers have developed this problem of printing a nice, fat magenta line across the backs of pages. this problem was not so bad on my printer until just recently, but now over 50% of what i print goes straight to the recycling bin becuase the printer ruins the pages with that line!! very annoying!!! it works great other than that. it seems like a problem that would be easy to resolve but its not. no one can fix it! we have called several repair people who have come to look at it and they are all stumped. the only advice hp will give is to simply clean it with a damp cloth. this resolves the problem long enough to end your help session with hp and then the line is back again! the other 4600 in the building was just replaced becuase of the red line problem.  i am on the verge of losing my mind and/or replacing mine!.they don't even make this printer anymore. i wonder why? ha ha!!.i have been lucky enough to not have the "dirty pages" issue, but this red line is just as bad. it comes off with an eraser, but its still noticeable enough that you can't use the pages for distributing to the public- too crappy looking!.this printer is a waste of time and money
toner leakage.we have had toner leakage from this printer.  we've installed several new cartridges to no avail.  we have a dark smudge on the back of every copy.   this is not a good printer.   i recommend you research and purchase another printer
reception bad -- even in urban areas.i bought this radio thinking, "hey, i live in the bay area. i shouldn't experience the reception problems that users in rural areas have reported." unfortunately, i was wrong. i was just looking for a simple radio to use while running but this isn't it. i typically listen to npr so it's not like my fidelity standards are high, but the static and the inability to get a clear signal was just too much. i supposed i got what i paid for -- and now i'm going to go pay more for something i'm acually willing to listen to
reception is terrible.i bought this product primarily for tuning in the television broadcasts in my health club.  even at a range of just 10 feet, the reception on this radio is simply terrible.
this is such a bad product..i just receive this radio today. yet it is totally useless. i cant hear anything from this poor radio. it just keeps scaning and repeats over and over. it does not receive any station at all. it is even worse than my $3 mini radio bought in walgreen. what s bad radio. avoid this item.
disasterous..oh, man.  i bought mine at a massive discount and it was still too much.  build quality is poor, most notably the flimsy door on the battery case, and reception in both bands is abominable.  as an alternative, consider buying one of the excellent and slightly cheaper manual-tuning pocket radios from sony or panasonic.  if you're willing to pay about $10 more, you can get a vastly better sony digital-tuning radio with additional tv and weather bands (available from target, no less.)  just thought i'd save you the trouble of buying this thing
stay clear!.after only owning this wireless router for about 2 months, i am now shopping around for a replacement travel wireless access point.  this device's firmware is extrmely buggy... here are a few of the issues that i have noticed while using this paper weight:..1) if you use wpa-psk with this device, expect your connection to drop every 60 minutes -- and sometimes at random.  the only way to recover from this is to either wait it out (about 5 minutes) or reboot the wgr-101 (about 3 minutes)...2) this device is extrmely slow -- and what i mean by this is not network speed, but the wgr-101s processing speed.  as i mentioned above, it takes the device about 3-4 minutes to fully boot this device...3) i tested wep briefly on this device and noticed some issues with this as well.  the connection would drop as it did with wpa-psk, only it seemed to be at random...if you are looking for a reliable travel wireless access-point, this device is not for you.
does not work well - terrible support from netgear.this is one of those things that i bought, really hoping and wanting to be able to say good things about.  i really wanted this to be a good product; but it's just not...first off, the firmware releases have been quite buggy and while they have added wpa support, i find that it does not work well.  i think that if you wanted to use this device without encryption and without changing the dhcp range and not in any sort of 'must-have' environment, maybe it would work.  for me, all of those things have caused me more headaches than i care to remember...i have had a lot of problems with....-using wpa with multiple devices connected at once, the signal drops every 60 minutes, like clockwork.  to get the signal back, you have to repower the router and restart your wireless card.  very frustating.  when i tried to get netgear's help, they told me to reload the firmware - i did this but to no avail...-the dns passthrough resolution stinks.  (sorry if i 'tech out' on you here, but this is an issue some may find valuable to know about.)  in many situations, i can not get dns resolution through the 'gateway', which is of course the wrg101.  to resolve i have to go into the router's browser interface, pull of the dns server ips that the hotel or isp issued to the wan port and manually configure my ip settings in my winxp pro machine to use those dns servers.  this works, but what a pain...at the end of the day, i can't get netgear to give me anything resembling decent support on this thing and i would say it only works for me 20% of the time without monkeying around with it.  i keep trying (and hoping for better firmware)(as of v.1009 it still stinks) but i'm sure that someday this thing will find it's way into a hotel room garbage can - or better yet, out the window.  ..look elsewhere if you want encryption and stability - this is a bummer product.
decent when it works.bought this player on june 23, 2006. for five months, it worked fine. it's small and easy to use. very nice player. but, then, without any reason, it stopped working. (btw, it works fine as usb drive.) now, i'm starting the warranty process. so far, the sandisk people have been helpful. hopefully, this will continue. keep copies of your order. you might need it
display goes blank after 3 months.the display goes blank after 3 months of use, save your receipts you will need it, to return this lemmon
i didn't recive this item.this is not delivered to specified location. but i got refunded the money that i spend on it
horrible product.this is an astonishingly bad product. i expected much more from plantronics. where do i begin? the ear piece constantly buzzes, which is very annoying. setting up the product is difficult. the sound quality for the person you're calling is very poor. the buttons and switches for adjusting sound quality and voice amplification are confusing and difficult to physically manipulate. do not buy.
not a good choice.i bought this product for use in my office.  in less than two months i have changed the batteries in the keyboard 5 times and once in the mouse.  i also had problems with the keyboard in regards to connecting to the receiver.  the keyboard would often lose the connection and needed to be set-up again.  good price but buyer beware...you get what you pay for...i am now going to return this product and try out the microsfot elite office wireless duo.
bad construction of the mouse.i bought the logitech cordless desktop at target set because i felt it would be nice to have a keyboard and mouse that do not tug if i get tangled wires.  it is nice, after all.  however, i found that this set is definately not the way to go if you play games or have any program where you may need to hold the moues button...after returning two of these sets already, the mouse seems fine after 5 days, but it soon starts to squeek louder and louder after you hold down the buttons.  (such as controlling your character on world of warcraft, as in my case.)  the noise is tolerable at first, but you find yourself soon surfing the internet and having this horrible mouse screach at you every time you click everywhere.  while i am typing this review on this terrible product, i am taking this back tommorow and getting the microsoft cordless keyboard and mouse set...  $20 more, but you get what you pay for...i recommend a different product, or better yet, a completely different brand altogether.  logitech has let me down horribly
real cheap...and that's about the best you can say about these.these are selling real cheaply on amazon. for under five bucks, you can't even get a meal, but you can get these headphones. so ends the positive things i can say about these headphones...now for the negatives: harsh treble, muddy bass, overemphasized midrange, not very comfortable if worn over long periods, kind of ugly and clunky. i can't think of a pair of headphones for less money that's better, if you consider that a recommendation, but for about twice the price (still pocket change) you can get a decent cheap set of koss kcs75 earphones which are better in every conceivable way to these. i mean, even the junk earbuds that came in the box with your mp3 player are likely better than these. ..uh, well, every way unless you want ugly and clunky over the ear phones. if you want good over the ear phones, koss offers those, too, at reasonable prices...if you think "they can't be that bad, and at the price i'll try them" then i'll remind you that a fool and his money are soon parted, and leave it at that...
very very bulky.dont even think to buy this. its probably 20 times or even 30 times bigger than your ipod
garbage.i keep telling myself 'no more linksys' and this product might have finally convinced me to live up to my word.  what a piece of cr*p.  worked for 3 days (just fine) when i first connected it and then just stopped.  wireless light (which is supposed to indicate connectivity) just blinked slowly and steadily - no transmission...spent 90 minutes with a tech support rep in a chat session - who was very nice and tried but refused to consider an exchange until we finished 'diagnosing' the problem.  problem was, after an hour and a half of my evening - with absolutely zero progress - the rep simply vanished.  the chat didn't end - he just stopped replying...sorry linksys - i'm done
two players skip "bad" sections of new dvds.i bought this dvd player as a cheap second system.  the first dvd i tried played perfectly, but the second kept skipping sections with the message that it was skipping over bad spots.  since the dvd was new, had no scratches and played perfectly on other players i assumed the player was defective and traded it for an identical player.  the new player worked with that dvd, but with the very next dvd the problems were back. i'm returning the second koss player today and looking for another brand
buy a good vcr instead of this machine!.this machine works...and that's all it does. the picture quality is horrible. you can see lines going across your screen when the picture is black.  my old vcr works better!  the remote control doesn't work well either.  frankly, the only thing this machine has going for it is the price
shot down.i was quite excited seeing the koss so cheap in canada, and better yet my friend recommended it. he glowed about how well it worked. being a techno geek i thought no problem. i unpack, hook-up, put batteries in the remote, and turn it on, but nothing. notta anything. everything was hooked up correctly, but the remote didn't work (even tried new batteries), nor did any button on the machine (excluding the power button). i was so ticked that my new toy didn't work. i managed to put in a cd (a christmas story)and got it to play by hitting the power button a few times but i couldn't stop or eject or do anything else. only the power button opened and closed the cd tray. i shall return it tomorrow ...to replace this faulty dvd player and hopefully they have built a better one for me by then, as i have heard great things about the koss system
useless for audiobooks.i bought this product for listening to music and to audiobooks, but it is absolutely useless for the latter, because it has no bookmark function. so if you've been listening to a long audio file, which is usually what audiobooks consist of, and you lose your place for any reason, you have to search forever to find where you were. and the fast forward only proceeds at one speed (the slowest), so it takes forever to get to where you thought you left off. the software interface is totally non-intuitive, and i constantly felt that i was fighting against it in transferring files to the player or finding them after they were transferred. fortunately, i was able to return the player for a refund, even though toshiba itself has a no returns policy for non-defective merchandise (but how does one define non-defective, this one is defective by design). avoid buying this one. it stinks
terrible. just terrible..i didn't want to buy an ipod because they are so popular, so ubiquitous and seemed overpriced...boy was i wrong. ..gigabeat:.poor navagation.no support.no software updates.no firmware updates.no response to emails to toshiba.no usb 2 (unless you use their software which repeatedly crashes all running programs on the entire computer).no worthwhile accessories.not great battery life..the software is terrible. poor interface. crashes frequently. only way to transfer songs to the mp3 player at usb 2 speed (even windows media player can't transfer at usb 2 even though it is marketed as a windows media compatible device.) who makes usb 2 non-compliant devices any more? why cripple my device when the software crashes...no support. you can register at their site (supposedly) but it would never accept my code and repeated emails to toshiba got no response. even if you could get into the registered users website there is no software update and no firmware update (i found this out from another user.)..the only nice thing is the little attachment to headphones you can use to skip through songs when the thing is in your pocket...the gigabeat was an expensive mistake - my poor husband has this thing now. he never uses it because the gigabeat is a pain to use and really really slow to load.....ipod:.i was a contrary tech geek who didn't want to buy the big thing..i was wrong..i have one now. .doesn't crash.good software with great interface.software and firmware updates.company support.podcasts are great - i never thought i'd use them - but i get stuff i love (including news, language lessons, radio, tv, and they are free.).fabulous navagation. .i never thought i'd use the video - but i do all the time. .surprizingly good battery life..great accessories -  really great accessories - i can record with one, it hooks up to stereos alarm clocks, newer car radios, you name it...oh - and the ipod has never once crashed my computer
a bit disappointed !!!.sound quality is good compared to other flash based mp3 players. difficult to manage songs. whatever you put to it, you have to encrypt by the "gigabeat room" software provided. i thought it would work like flash drive, just copy from hard drive and run mp3 songs but unfortunately it does not work that way. every songs is encrypted with .sat extension so you cannot share your mp3 songs with your friends. pictures are also encrypted and make double file with *.gbp extension and every file is renamed when encrypted. it took me a lot of time to figure out how to operate this player first time when i received it. i suggest not to buy it if you can spend a few bucks more for ipod or creative. although toshiba is making improvements in their new line of mp3 players that has video capabilities.
doesn't work; no support.i hooked the player to my infocus x3 dlp projector via the component video cable i already use for an hd tuner and regular dvd player. when i tried playing an "upconverted" dvd, it refused to play above low resolution.  digging into the manual, websites, etc., i found that only the hdmi (digital) interface is guaranteed acceptable for high def play (it involves "copy protection"). whether or not you can play any dvd --including hd dvds-- in hd depends on the settings programmed onto the disk (it appears that most non-hd disks prohibit upconverting)...so i purchased new hdmi cables, adapters, plugs, switches...  turned it on.. config screens looked good... started dvd... "hdmi error 1".  i switched the hdmi cable to the hd receiver and the tv worked fine.  i then called tech support.  the gentleman listened attentively and quoted sections from the manual.  i asked for a little more information than what i had already read and was told that the tech support people had no other resources to work with.  i have applied the latest firmware update (each of the updates appears to be for an "hdmi error"). apparently, i now have a $500 boat anchor.  before buying any toshiba hd-related product, be sure to do a google on "toshiba hdmi error". the postings by "hdmi authorities" are quite illuminating, if discouraging.
early adopting.don't get me wrong, staying on the cutting edge of technology affords bragging rights and gobs of ear and eye candy, however the exterior of this unit looks like it was manufactured in the 1980's.  features, looks and specs will vastly improve with the '07 models across the board.  just an observation while you drop your hundreds here
doesn't support 1080p.ok so i should have read the fine print, but it turns out that even though hd dvd's are all encoded at 1080p, the players only support 1080i and 720p.  i think i will return mine and wait for a true hd dvd
what you pay for is really what you get.i wanted to buy a car kit to listen to my md player inside my car.  after browsing around the web, i found this coby car kit adapter which had everything i needed at a good low price.  i ordered it immediately.  after it arrived, i plugged the adaptor in my cigarette lighter to test it out and the fuse burned out.  i was going to send it in to the manufacturer but realized that they actually charge you 10$ shipping and handling on this item.  thus, i just took it apart and realized it was only the fuse and bought another one at radio shack and it seems to be working fine right now.  besides that, the sound quality isn't too bad
don't waste your money for this system.bought this system back in december 2005.  two weeks later the center unit started skipping on any dvds or cds.  sometimes it just turned itself off while trying to read a dvd.  i brought it back to a retail store for exchanging.  this "exact" same problem did happen to the replacement too.  the system is now at one of the bose repair centers.  i hope they could get it all straight out this time :
not for office use.like many other reviewers, i bought this unit with the intent of being able to play my ipod softly while working. however, there is not "soft" volume on this at all. if you're in a quiet office, it is much too loud to even turn on...everything else about the iboom is good. i am happy with it and will be able to use it in my bathroom while getting ready for work. ..but if you're looking only for something for the office, do not buy this, look for alternatives.
not for office use.like many other reviewers, i bought this unit with the intent of being able to play my ipod softly while working. however, there is not "soft" volume on this at all. if your in a quiet office, it is much too loud to even turn on. everything else about the iboom is good and i'm keeping it because overall i am happy with it and will be able to use it on my deck, at the beach, or in the kitchen. but if your looking only for something for the office, do not buy this, look for alternatives.
terrible.this phone constantly gives the person on the other end of your call a broken conversation. it breaks up like the conductor on the subway and calling motorola got nowhere - they just do not want to know about i
s-l-o-o-o-w.others have commented on the major weaknesses of this phone, but i'll add my own pet peeve: everything is so bl**dy slow! to scroll down through the phone book feels like click-pause-click-pause-click-pause.... each handset defaults to private phone book use, so to switch to the shared phone book involves a couple of button-pushes, each of which takes ages to respond. and don't try getting ahead of it: your button pushes may or may not be recognized...what a piece of junk
short life span.i do not recommend apple's ipod and if you are going to buy one, get the extended warranty. over the past 3.5 years, i have owned three ipods and all three died with the same problem after about a year....the well known folder with the exclamation mark.  at first it is fixable by restoring or resetting the device, but then the hard dive siezes up and you have a paper weight.  i have done this three times because i own all the accessories including by beloved bose docking station.  ..if you doubt my warning here, just check out apple's ipod support page on their web site.  right on the first page are the infamous icons that you will dread to see on ipod (if you buy one).  also check out the support discussion board. ..you've been warned
please read this editorial before you purchase any ipod!! don't do what i did and buy 2 that failed!.ok, so if you are the average consumer, such as myself, you probably have an mp3 player of some sort. if you own an apple ipod, then you and i along with 58 million other unsuspecting consumers have been had. big time. i too fell into the trance of the white earbuds, but no longer will i remain an apple lemur. i bought a 4th generation ipod and was so excited that i too was going to be sporting the ultimate in mp3 players!! boy, was i stupid!!! i commute to boston on the commuter rail, which is about a forty-minute ride into town, switch to the subway for 10 minutes, and then walk to my building in about 3 minutes. i am not a runner so when i say walk it's a stroll. nothing aggressive. after about 2 and  months with my new toy, the problems began. freeze ups began to occur in the middle of playing songs. ..this happened everyday for a few months. i sought help from apple at their website and performed all steps they suggest to get the ipod back on the straight and narrow. i reset it (lost all my music every time i did this), then a few months later i kept receiving a folder icon with exclamation point. i went back to the apple website, in which i was a regular visitor, and followed their instructions for the new error (put ipod into disk mode and reinstall the driver hardware). this happened on and off for the next few months along with the freezing thing. then the biggie of all biggies started to happen after just one year of ownership. i got, what i thought was cute at the time, a picture of an ipod on my screen with a sad face telling me to contact apple support. ..i proceeded to contact an ipod specialist using the phone number provided by apple. the first thing i heard that disgusted me was my 90-day warranty was up and now had to either buy an apple care plan for $99.00 and have support from them for two years or pay a $50 per incident fee. immediately i asked why as it was to my understanding that ipod was covered for 1 year from the date of purchase. i was told that yes this was correct but phone support was 90 days only. if my ipod needed service, i would have to create an account on their website and issue a request for service. i was floored by the lack of help right from the get go. you get three months to have a problem with your brand new almost $300 dollar purchase, and then you are told go away to no -man's land and submit a request, because unless you pay $50 or $99.00, human contact is not an option. ..after steaming for a few moments, i realized i still had a broken ipod to fix. i proceeded to no-man's land and filled out my service request. i sent apple my player and waited a couple of weeks for a response. needless to say, i could have waited forever because the answer they gave was and still is unacceptable. my $299.00 technological marvel, my portable music librarian, my expensively priced modern convenience's hard drive had failed. i was out of warranty by a week or two. i inquired about the cost for repair. $268.40 to bring it back from the dead. "are you kidding me!" i screamed into the poor person's unsuspecting ear on the phone. the tech said he gets that a lot and i proceeded to tell him i understood why people scream. he told me the best thing to do would be to buy another unit since the cost was comparable, in fact a bit cheaper at $249.00 and i would have a new updated unit. so, being a stupid sucker for punishment, i went out and spent $250 dollars on another 4th generation ipod. i intended to buy one as a gift for my boyfriend anyway for his birthday so this justified the purchase for me. i chalked up my lousy experience to a one-time glitch. couldn't happen again type of thing. well, guess what? please read on.....he started to commute to work and after leaving the ipod in the box for months, he decided now was the time to use his new gadget. he only used it when he walked the 1 mile to and from the subway stop to work. total 2 miles a day, walking. needless to say, 6 months of light use and i had another stupid, little, annoying ipod picture with its brainless sad face staring back at me. it was like looking at a kid who just broke an expensive vase and could do nothing but be sorry about it. ..this time, i thought i was going to get a bit of a break. after all, apple opened up an apple store in a mall close to work. no need to send out the unit. i could get my painful diagnosis in person. so i make an appointment online, as you can't do that over the phone (you know they hate that human contact thing) and i show up to the "genius bar" to meet the ipod genius. this guy had the t-shirt that said he was in fact an "ipod genius".  i hand over the little devil and he then proceeds to tell me what i already knew. hard drive failure. i never really delved into why this cataclysmic event happened the first time with the tech guy from apple regarding my unit, so, i figured after spending $600 on 2 products in a bid to help build apple's employee retirement fund, i wanted some legitimate answers. i then proceed to ask the so called  "ipod genius" why this keeps happening, explaining that this is the second ipod i had purchased in a 2.5 year span and they both did the same exact thing. he then went on to explain that it is a hard drive player and if it is jostled around too much, it eventually fails. he then pointed out a tiny little scratch it had received on the bottom back and said "this player took a fall. once that happens, it's only a matter of time before failure occurs." i then explained that it may have fallen out of my hands once but it was at waist level and fell onto a kitchen floor. hardly an abusive drop. i was not slamming the thing around like king kong and neither was my boyfriend. the "genius" then said that just stepping off the curb the wrong way when a song is playing or changing to another song will eventually cause hard drive failure.  i then said to the "genius" "it states on apple's website that you can use ipod for exercise, it's a great workout companion. my boyfriend and i only walked with it and it got jostled enough to die?" so what you are telling me is you cannot run, walk, possibly talk, step off curbs (guess you have to float or fly), never drop it, or move it around whatsoever because any or all of these events can jostle it and cause it to fail? so, stand perfectly still or pay $268.40 to repair it or $249.00 to buy a new one?" of course, the "genius" sat there dumbfounded and had no response. ..is apple serious!!! what the h#l kind of product are they selling to consumers? they market a portable product that needs rubber padding and a steel casing just to be able to use it. the "genius" however, did offer me 10% off a purchase of another ipod with trade in of the old one. did he really think i was going to fall into the white earphone trance for the third time? apple should be ashamed of their business practices. but then again, why would they even care? people think mp3 the first thing they think of is ipod. educate yourself!! do the research and turn away from the light!! if the product that they sell is that sensitive, then it should be marketed accordingly with a statement such as: "product needs to be securely fastened to the wall for use." i am totally disgusted and of course apple is of no help, as it would affect their bottom line. people please take my advice. upgrade you phone to an mp3 player when your "upgrade time comes you can usually do this for way less than an ipod, check other companies such as creative and iriver for their players and only use apple for what they should be used for. making pies
sour apples.in our household we have three fourth generation ipods.  a 20g, 40g and 60g.  all three have been sent back for service.  the 20g and the 40g were still under warranty, but because the service was required after a six-month timeframe, a 29.95 (plus tax) shipping fee applied...what happened with the 20g (after about 11 months of using it) was it just froze up in that stupid frowning face mode.  a very annoying way of letting you know you ain't gonna here no music no more without shipping it off to california for service.  so off it went and apple did have it back in a total turnaround time of about four days.  got it back and it is working fine...the 40g hard drive took a crap on me.  frowning face and weird, high-pitch squeal coming from the unit.  can't be good.  here goes another 29.95 (plus tax) to fix this one after about 7 months of use...the 60g unit had the same problem as the 20g model.  but the problem showed its ugly face after 5 months and 15 days, so i got totally free shipping (no tax).  such a deal.  have been using the unit for about three weeks now and it is skipping songs and freezing up for no real reason.  also it stutters on the start of many songs...is this a problem with the cache?  don't know, but i do know that it is out of the six month grace period for free shipping...all in all, the ipods in out house are great when they work right.  but the problems with all three lead me to the conclusion that i would not recommend any ipod to anybody.  there seems to be real quality problems that apple should ..when my three ipods die for the final time, i will trash them and look for alternatives.  maybe it is not realistic to expect to hold 10,000 - 15,000 songs in such a small unit.  looks as though i may have to go back to using my sony cd/mp3 player.  i guess 14 hours of music on one cd is something i will learn to live with again.  i did get spoiled by the thought of holding my ever-expanding music library on the ipods...for the price and the problems i have had with three separate ipods, i would advise anybody to look elsewhere
aren't suckpods great!.i bought a so called 'new' ipod..... and i've had  problems ever since. for starters, itunes is almost useless, and of course that's the only music program your able to use to do anything to your pod, strike one. ..every tutorial i've read and tried didn't fix my problems. and that consisted of 1) restarting my pc 2) reinstalling itunes, 3) resetting my pod. nothing worked, nothing will. strike two..the fact that you are almost forced to buy a new pod if  you encounter problems, unless you wanna spend hundreds to repair it. and you can't repair anything yourself. third and final strike...is the ipod worth buying? no. is it a good gift? yes.... if you hate the person your buying it for that is...buy a sony mp3 player, or the new microsoft player. thoese would most definitely be better buy
itunes, which is an integral part of ipods, is not stable and can be a nightmare.corrupt itunes library nightmare--..this year some bug in itunes corrupted my itunes song library. this is not an uncommon problem; if you search google you will find hundreds of hits related to this problem if you do a search for the following three words: itunes corrupt library..when your itunes library is corrupted that means every playlist you have created is gone and the links to all of the songs you owned are gone. playlists are like folders or directories on a computer into which you put songs to organize them so that you don't have to navigate through all of your songs, albums, artists, etc., one by one.  if you have hundreds of songs this is a big hassle when using an ipod if you want to go to one that may be way down on the list. you then have to manually import these songs back in and recreate your playlists. this has been a problem with itunes for ages.  you can backup your library and given that itunes is unstable and may corrupt your library, this may be a good idea.  if you like solving software problems itunes is the way to go...unstable itunes internet server destroys your shopping cart list nightmare--..one feature of itunes is that you can select the option of using a shopping cart to gather your selections rather than having to buy now.  this is done by selecting edit from the itunes menu, selecting preferences and then selecting store.  since this is run on their internet server you would think your list would be safe.  but it isn't. not only can your library on your own computer become corrupted, but if you put items into your itunes shopping cart some software bug or database issue on the itunes server can destroy the list of items you were intending to buy.  this happened to me this week.  imagine spending hours sorting through songs and putting them in your cart.  and then later you go back to buy the items and they are gone.  then you contact itunes and tell them and they respond by telling you they have solved your problem of not being able to see the items in your cart by clearing your cart and that now you will be able to see items that you add to your cart.  no, they couldn't tell you what you had in your cart before they cleared it...but itunes support then tells me, you could make a "wish list" as a playlist and then this wouldn't happen.  this meaning that you wouldn't be mad at itunes for the fact that their server software or database has a problem.  but as i pointed out in the beginning, itunes libraries get corrupted and that would also destroy your "wish list"...the unstable itunes shopping cart issue was on the record as early as last fall and it is clear that itunes could care less about solving that problem.  and similarly itunes could care less about the fact that their software has some issue in it that allows individual's itunes libraries to be corrupted.  if they cared these problems would have been fixed...if you are considering buying a product that relies on itunes you need to keep these things in mind.
sound almost impossible to hear.unless you are superman and have super hearing or possiblity strap your ipod to your head, the sound is so minimal it is almost impossible to hear it.  the idea was great and the quality of the unit itself appears quite good, but it is useless!  save your money and invest in the altec lansing portable speakers - beautifully made, great carry case included and the sound is terrific
killed my ipod.this item has killed my ipod twice. the first time i wasnt sure if it was just a faulty ipod so i had it replaced because it was still under apple's 1 year warrenty, but this time it is no longer covered. i am now filing a claim with belkin and they may be replacing it, but seriously, why even risk this?..i wish i never bought this.
worthless time wasting product.if you are thinking of buying a belkin product don't.  there products are hard to find, and you will get conflicting information from their vendors.  this is what happened to me. i was told to order this product by a salesperson at circuit city.  i went to bestbuy, radio shack and then circuit city to find it.  none of these stores had the product available.  i was told at circuit city that this product would solve my problem by allowing me to charge my belkin wireless fm receiver which i purchased for christmas for my daughter from costco.  the product didn't solve the problem.  i still have to buy batteries for the belkin wireless fm receiver.  which by the way uses quite a lot of them.  after all the time i spent trying to fix this belkin product i purchased a sony product online that was cheaper, easier to get and did the job better than any belkin product
killed my ipod - twice!.the unit worked very well for a while, but, one day, i plugged it in and the ipod just went dead. it did not register in the computer, and would not play any music. i returned the ipod to the apple store, and they gave me a new one. but, a few months later, the exact same thing happened again! this time, however, i'm beyond the 1-year warranty, and do not think apple will help me out again. ..beware of this product! don't trust your expensive music player to a cheap power cord - buy a different brand and save yourself a headache
leaky batteries for sale!.i don't know if it were in transit or in storage but this is the first time i've purchased batteries that were leaky from the start before any use. maxell should get out of the battery business, and what good is a free battery if you can ruin your equipment with acid?
what a crap!.i've used these batteries before. they never last as long as one should expect. however, they are really worth the 40 cents, just no more. don't ever think about paying the 5 dollars shipping on these pieces of crap
what a disappointment..!!!.i needed a pair of floorstanding speakers for my home theater system and bought these after reading a lot of good reviews online.  however they turned out to be a real disappointment.  the sound was harsh, boomy and too sharp.  i decided to remove the speaker units to check, thinking that perhaps there might be loose connections inside.  what a shock i got when i saw what was inside: the woofers have real tiny magnets and there was no crossovers used on them, there are working as full-range speakers, the reason for the harsh sounds since they are producing the whole range of frequencies...they should not be called "woofers".  then the midrange speaker and the tweeter.  the midrange unit has a 2.7uf capacitor and the tweeter has a 1.2uf capacitor as "crossover".  that means the crossover frequency for the midrange is around 7,350hz and for the tweeter,  around 16,500hz!!!!  these are figures one can calculate on line.  these are real cheap speakers with really poor quality sound.  i am disgusted to have purchased them.  one would expect better from sony.  sony should changed the advertisment for them, especially the part about the crossover and the woofers.  they only good point is they look nice.  if there is a rating lower than 1 star, i would have used it
poor sound quality negates otherwise fine lcd tv.i purchased this on impulse without researching brands when i was shopping for a small tv. the sleek design appealed to me and thought it would be handy to have the option of a second computer monitor. however since i'm using it primarily as a tv, the tin sounding speakers ruin it for me. a very poor performer unless it will be used purely as a monitor
didn't work.this product failed to work with any of the three different antennas i tried.  it simply kept reading zero signal strength.  i ultimately returned it and wasted the sh charges.
it blew up my palm charger for no reason.i bought it  right before my trip to london, uk, and it was fine the first evening. but the next night i was trying to charge my palm and use my laptop, it overheated while set at 50w (not 1600w) for no reason and blew up the palm charger. i had to buy a new charger upon return...i hope this particular unit was a lemon, but i am returning it and looking for another product to replace it.
great idea - too bad it doesn't work.been going back and forth with the sling customer support team for six weeks now and so far haven't been able to get the device to work at all on my home network. ..in fairness to sling, my home network is fairly complex with a combination of wired and wireless devices. still, even when directly plugged into my router with my pc, the sling software cannot even discover the player...in the meantime, they've come out with a more sophisticated player, but i'm most likely not going to take a chance on it.
bad product and service.mine lasted for about 18 months before h03 reared its head.  took it to my local customer 'service' center where it was examined by a man who apparently knew nothing about this error code, or indeed the player, at all.  best he could offer was some comment about 18 months being the average life for such a product.  outrageous!  and, then waffled on about there being no power coming from the battery, which is clearly untrue before finishing up with some useful advice about buying a new one.  it was at this point i picked up my 'dead' player and left.  i'll be trying the tips on this page but if i do have to buy a new player it certainly won't be from panasonic.  oh, and their wireless 'surround' headphones are useless as well
do not purchase!!!!!!!!!.i purchased this unit in 2004 and i received the ho3 error and the unit does not work any longer. i called panasonic and was told the 90 days warranty is up and i would have to pay for the repairs and labor!!! i told them to go on line and there are 100's of complaints about this unit h03 error..the panasonic technical support person said the h03 error comes up depending upon the "usage." so, i said to her if i used it too much after the 90 days i would have to pay to get it repaired. she said  "yes.' so, if you purchase this unit don't use it because you will get the h03 error and it will no longer be playable. there is "no" recall on this unit. buyer beware!!!!
ho3 fixable....this player has been great for us for about 14 months. tonight we ran into the infamous h03, but had it up and running again after reading the trouble-shooting ideas below. ..the initialization trick (back skip/play/pause simultaneously) did not work, but taking the bottom off of the player and fiddling with the transport mechanism did the trick. for details, see "jedi"'s review below (approx. 40 reviews from the end). it is not a difficult exercise, so do not be intimidated by taking the screws out and getting your fingers in there. you will need a jeweler's philips-head screwdriver (the tiny, long ones)...as many have said, the unit is sturdy, easy to operate, and has an attractive screen. clearly, panasonic is looking the other way on this one, or we'd have heard of a recall by now
h03 error  solution.got this error on my panasonic portable dvd and did a google search to see what came up... found all these reviews. very helpful, thanks folks! the trick with the back skip, pause and play buttons (three or four reviews below) works a treat (at least for now!). certainly beats a call to panasonic who sound less than helpful judging by previous reviews. fingers crossed..
not a good quality product.i have had this unit for just under 1 year and have just fixed the "ho3 error" for the 2nd time. i decided to call the company and was told a variety of things, from "yes i know what this code means" to panasonic does not recognize this error code. they want me to send the unit to them and charge me half of the labor charge. when i explained that this seems to be a common problem the guy got rude. i then promised him to never buy a pansasonic product again. .i fixed it after the call and it works for now. i unscrewed the bottom and there was a bit of dust in the mechanism..one of the reps from panasonic said that to be sure to not just cut the power to the player when done, but to push stop and then.off, to shut it down properly. i will try and see if that makes a difference.
ho3 error on four panasonics.between my sister and i we have owned 4 panasonic portables dvd players - all came up with the ho3 error message.  i will never buy again and i will tell everyone not to buy one
h03 error 2 years out, otherwise a great player.i just got the dreaded h03 error, and i see i am not alone.  seems like panasonic planted a time bomb so we would have to buy a new one after a period of time.  this should be a recall, not a warranty issue (short warranty by the way). sleazy, my last panasonic purchase...otherwise, this was a good player, a little small by today's standards
noise reduction, way different than cancelling.i ordered these headphones thinking it was noise cancelling, not noise reduction. the differece was that these are like ear protection devices like target practice shooters use. and the noise cancelling type use an electronic circuitry to quot;phasequot; out the noise, significantly. also, the phones quot;clampquot; on to your head, giving you aching pains after wearing for an extended period. the sound quality was alright, not much in the lower range, but didn't play loud enough. but the irritating thing was when you moved around and quot;bumpedquot; something you could hear it, (the shell is hard plastic). they reminded me of my quot;dadsquot; headphones from the 70's, in fact the design probably never changed
knock off stay away!.i just received this apple knockoff from sf planet.  the advertisement was for an apple data cable not an apple compatible data cable. this is a false advertisement and a  scam!
this was not an apple branded product.i ordered this throuugh the amazon marketplace from lusopc, but they did not send the apple cable pictured. instead it was an ugly knock-off cable by a generic manufacturer. caveat emptor
caution!!!!!!.do not buy this cable if you're planning to buy a new click wheel ipod, they're not compatible, (use m9688ll/a cable kit instead)
do it yourself for less.go to radio shack (or amazon of course)..buy a cable which plugs into your headphone jack (and then into the t.v. like an s-cable /the three plugs, yellow,white,red.)..this will play video and music through your t.v...forget the remote. you can turn sound up and down with your regular t.v. remote and other reviewers have commented on the limitations of apple's remote. as for charging, you are going to have to bring the ipod back to your computer for upadates anyway and i'm betting if you are buying this kit you already have a car charger. the ipod doesn't run down that quickly. i doubt it is good for the battery anyway to charge every time you put it down (my old cell phone battery had problems because i never let it run low.)...cost $10-30 depending on how snazzy a cable you buy. i spent about $15..also - i can take the cable and ipod to any stereo or tv in the house conveniently. ..sorry - no sleek pakaging included or snazzy apple attitude included. just a cable in a baggie. you still have the remaining $85 burning a hole in your pocket? buy a docking alarm clock stereo for the ipod in the bedroom. you still might have a couple of bucks left over.
overpriced cables and a joke of a remote.i agree with the other negative reviews -- the remote is too limited. you can't see the menu on the tv and you don't have a spin wheel on the remote.  thus you're stuck just going to the next song.  looks like the apple designers spent too much time on the package (which is very sleek)..as far as the price goes, think of what you're getting vs a dvd player which cost around $50 or less (good remote that you can easily navigate dvd menus, cables and a the player). the reviewer who calculates $135 of value must work at apple or own their stock.  they don't even give you an s-video cable,which is what you need for decent video. can't see this costing them more than $5 to make..i'd expect that apple is designing a better unit as the remote is of absolutely no use.  for now i'll just get a long cable that goes from a computer to the stero and wait for apple to get tired of a lot of returns.  i really can't believe apple would ship such a product ...  a remote with a "menu" key that does nothing???  is this apple usability???  or a quick grab for your bucks
avoid apple's ipod dock -- much better ones elsewhere.apple's ipod dock is not worth buying...the remote control is extremely limited; you can't maneuver through the menus as you can with the controls on the ipod itself -- instead you can only really start and stop music. and the video quality was not especially good...after trying this out (and returning it) i ordered kensington 33164 stereodock, which is much better. you have controls that let you control everything on the ipod -- slightly clunkier than the ipod's controls themselves, but at least workable...there are further limitations that appear to be in the ipod itself, not the dock. you don't see the ipod screen mirrored on your tv -- *except* when you are looking at photos and videos. so you have to have pretty darned good eyes to see what you are doing from any distance. and even to get that, you have to manually choose settings (in 2 different places) that let you see photos and video, instead of having the ipod automatically mirror when hooked up to external video
dont waste your time.integrates nicely with ipod unit, but doesnt work. sound quality is very poor. cant listen to static. dont waste your time or money with this unit.
audio quality rivals am radio - no highs.this device is convenient and easy to use, but it rolls off the high frequencies, and therefore sounds very muffled, like bad am radio.  it transmits only a few inches, so it is absolutely worthless in any metropolitan area where there are radio stations everywhere.  so, if you like your ipod to sound muffled with static, this is the device for you!  i ended up buying a belkin tunecast ii which sounds much better - it doesn't muffle the high frequencies.  the tunecast ii does consume a pair of aaa batteries every week or so, but it sounds good -- and can transmit at least a foot or so, so that my fm radio can receive it
worthless.this thing is worthless.  i bought it for road trips, but it barely works in the car.  tons of static.
destroyed my ipod!!!.when this item arrived, i was very excited to hook it up and use it with my ipod mini. but when i hooked it up, i noticed that my click wheel was completely non-respondent. i sent my ipod back to apple thinking that it was the fault of the ipod, not the speakers. well about an hour ago, my brand new ipod came in the mail. i hooked it up to the speakers and the same thing happened!!! do not buy these speakers!!! even though i was covered by apple, i still had to pay thirty bucks just to get it there. cta digital better be paying for my ipod or i will be forced to take legal actions
sound pretty bad.these don't sound very good, i wanted to replace a pair of grado sr60 open headphones i use at work so i'd make less noise, but i really don't like them.  they sound very cold and small, like listening to a cheap radio in another room.  even cheap earbuds sound better.  i didn't expect them to sound as good as the grados, but to  at least be passable.  i'm just going to keep using the grados, and throw these in a drawer or something
speakerphone has problems.i purchased 3 of these for my office back in october.  first the speakerphone microphone on the one on my desk stopped working most of the time.  i had been planning on exchanging the phone on my desk with a coworkers since i use the speakerphone on a daily basis.  my investors were out this week and were on a conference call on another of the phones, that microphone stopped working.  today i had a phone interview and the third phone microphone stopped working!  they work for 15 or 20 seconds, then the party on the other end can't hear you.  these are gone.  i was also hoping for a visual indicator that there were messages waiting when you use verizon centrex/voicemail.  no go there
i wouldn't waste my money on this!.10 base ethernet is outdated technology.  i worked for my school's info-tech department for a year and netgear hubs were notorious for breaking, we have since switched to agere and have far fewer problems
works on virtually any surface!..... except a mouse pad. i use my notebook as a primary computer, and being a large handed guy i wanted a larger notebook mouse. ergonomically this mouse is absolutely phenomenal, i can use it for hours. ive never written a review on something but logitech support is literally non-existent if you contact them. no one answers their emails from support. this isnt a one sided banter either. look on the internet or through reviews, logitech support doesnt answer emails plain and simple. ..but to my original point. the mouse is jumpy. i dont know if its the wireless reception, or my wooden desk that im using it on, but its very noticeable. i thought it might be the desk, so i bought a mouse pad, it actually got worse! after trying out a second mouse pad with a different material i got the same terrible results. as a graphics student i say steer clear of this mouse if you want precision, because all your going to get is an over-priced over-hyped headache.
too much effort needed on index finger.this mouse is overrated. i am right handed and have struggled with tendinitis in my right index finger. bought this expensive mouse hoping the effort required to press the buttons on the mouse will be very light. however to my dismay it is quite high even more than the cheap corded mouse'. not worth it for my use. i need something that will be a relief to my stressed out index finger
probably great if it wasn't defective....defective!  i can't say if this is a common problem or not, but my point sample of one vx revolution mouse was pretty dissapointing.  logitech may have over estimated their quality control when they decided to cram "over 420 components" into a little mouse, since the fancy pants scroll wheel didn't really scroll on mine.  ..i had to hold the wheel over to the right to scroll, and the side to side scrolling was (fortunately?) almost imperceptibly slow so i could scroll down with the wheel tilted without it scrolling right.  also, scrolling down went slowly while scrolling up went really fast.  hard to get excited about form factor and features when a basic thing like the wheel doesn't work.  ..it's going right back to amazon, and hopefully from there to the qc engineers at logitech.  sounds like other people have been happy with it though, so i might still get a replacement and see if i have better luck next time.  ..overall though: if you have to roll the dice on quality, it gets 1 star...update:..bought the replacement, and after playing with it for about an hour, i am ready to re-evaluate.  getting a lemon the first time definitely still colors my opinion, but now that i have one that works the way it's supposed to, i can't help but say, this is one of the smoothest, cleanest, most comfortable mice i've ever used.  i'd certainly reccomend it, as long as you don't mind the hassle of sending one back if it doesn't work the first time
flakey software that causes all sorts of issues with my laptop.this mouse has a beautiful shape and all the human factors (ergonomics) are addressed in a remarkably elegant way. the only problem is that logitech spends all their money on hiring the best product designers and then hires the most incompetent software engineers. the software provided with this mouse has caused all manner of issues with my fujitsu laptop. i have tried reinstalling the os and drivers only to find the moment i install the logitech drivers the machine slows down to about a 1/4 speed and has all manner of mouse related glitches. i often have to restart the machine to get the logitech software to work properly again. if i remove the logitech software the laptop returns to normal. the most amazing thing is that the fujitsu laptop mouse drivers work better than the specifically designed logitech drivers. the only problem is that there is no way of configuring the buttons without the problematic logitech drivers. i notice i am not the only one here with the same issues with their laptop. given that this is a mouse for notebooks it beggars belief that the drivers are completely flaky. if you have a laptop then whatever you do don't buy this mouse as you will regret it
i never have actually been able to use it..i bought this years ago, but i never could get it to fit on my ear.  i'm not sure it would fit on anyone's ear.  it is very poorly designed
very hard to install.this is seriously difficult to install.  it took me a good 2 hours to make sure everything was lined up properly, pick out the correct hardware (still not sure if i even did that right, but it seems steady so what the hell), and mount the tv.  now that it's finally mounted, it moves well, but i don't even like to move it since i'm not sure how securely it's mounted - unsure about the hardware remember?  well there were only 2 types of screws that fit - one was way too long, and the only other ones were long enough to go in - but only just.  they're in maybe a few millimeters - that's it.  so i don't move the tv around much...i honestly don't know how they think average people are supposed to be able to install this thing.  if you got it for free like i did, then it's maybe okay, but i wouldn't pay money for it at all
mute feature is inadequate design.if you're sitting on a call at home listening and don't want the kids and dogs to intefere... or on a cell phone in traffic, you don't want this headset.  the mute only works if you hold the button down the whole time. the mute doesn't stay on.  needless to say this is unacceptable.
callers say they can't hear me.i got this headset to go with a new panasonic cordless phone/answering machine system. i like the system a lot, but the headset is pretty hopeless. people on the other end can barely hear me; turning up the volume apparently only works on this end. also dislike the mute button, which apparently must be held in to work. i'm switching back to plantronics and ordering a new headset as soon as i finish this review.
ok at first.these were decent at first, with the downside being the bass had no power. even without decent bass the mid-high range was very clear so for $14 or so these were an ok purchase. about a month later the speakers are crackling on certain frequencies, so i decided to bite the bullet and buy a high end headphone so i could trash these. the annoying thing is that sony even bothered to waste any time or materials building these...these are not worth purchasing, but if you want to gamble on how long they last then be my guest
not as good as memorex hp2000.if you are looking for an inexpensive headset. . .try the memorex hp2000. the hp2000 sounds superior to the sony mdr-xd100 with much better bass response and has a volume and mono/stereo switch built into the cord. i use them in my home studio, not for mixing but for the musicians and vocalist to hear themselves. they are hard on headsets so i don't want to spend a pile of dough on them. the earcups get ripped off easily and the plugs eventually break but at $14.95. . .what the heck
beware don't buy this for streetpilot c series.amazon shows this as an accessory for the garmin c340.  i bought the c340 and this dash mount relying on amazon's representations. the mount does not fit the c series gps.  i tried to communicate the problem to amazon and the third time they acknowledged indicating the proper department would be notified so the misleading representation could be reviewed.  the return was a problem and i had to complain to get the amount of purchase credited.  i'm out $8.00 return shipping plus the runaround, and it's amazon's fault i got the wrong mount.  guess what?  the page is still incorrect.  don't buy this dash mount for the c series, it takes a special mount and you will pay for amazon's mistake.
my ear holes must be too big!.i bought these because the price was really cheap, and they got fairly good reviews. i garden often, and am always listening to my ipod or talk radio. these kept falling out of my ears. maybe if i find foam covers for them at the dollar store and try them out again, but from now on, i'm staying with the earhook designs, particularly the blue sony's found about everywhere for ten bucks. the sony's are pretty durable, as even with getting them snagged several times a day, i only have to replace them about once a year. sorry, sennheiser, i really wanted to like you too
does not retract.agree with the prior reviewers.  i can not get it to retract any longer and that was only after 3 uses!
do not wast your time with this product...period.i am on my second one and i will be returning this one also. both of them worked once and then would not retract fully after that. i was so mad i almost threw it against the wall. i thought the first one was a defect, but then when i got the second one i realized it was a design flaw... if you buy the targus one keep your receipt because i guarantee you will be returning it. what i don't get is how targus has the guts to release this product and also put on it: satisfaction guaranteed. what a joke..
waste of money!!.dont buy and i had tough time in adjusting the ear piece as it falls out every time you hang it over the ear.
palm tx case.i wouldn't buy again!  when case open, tx slides out.  sd card pockets have no retention at all!  case covers screen edges.  don't buy
purchased for palm tx based on the prior glowing reviews..i purchased this case for my palm tx, based on the prior glowing reviews.  i was looking for a nice book-style case made in soft leather.  i recently up-graded from a palm vx with palm case...this case is far from a perfect fit for the palm tx, which is suppose to be the same size as the palm t5.  the top of my pda protrudes out of the case about 1/4 of an inch.  the pda would crack if dropped on its plastic top edge.  the case blocks the top portion of the screen, making it difficult to access some of the menu options.  i find my self constantly removing the pda from the case to use it.  the case is not a good choice for the palm tx.  also, the leather is too slippery for my taste.  i fear dropping the unit.  the case has a cheap snap to keep it closed.  i don't think the snap will last very long.  ..after reading the prior glowing reviews, i am scratching my head.
terrible quality. buy a fifferent brand and save yourself the trouble..this is the worst usb flash device i have ever used. i was concerned about the quality of pny products to begin with, but after using this drive i will stay away from any other products they manufacture. i have already had 1 fail on me when the usb attach part broke off after 2 weeks, and then another that, for me, was not machine washable. i would not recommend this product to my worst enemy. caveat emptor
please save your money - beware..at first it worked great, then in just 4 months i lost everything. apparently pny offers a 1 year warranty - however, after being on hold in their automated queue for 20 minutes they hung up on me - i never got to a live person. there's got to be a better product out there. good luck
technical support?.when plugged into the usb port, this product was recognized by both our windows 98 se and windows 2000 xp computers, but did little else.  (the 98 machine routinely froze when trying to access it and the xp machine gave an error upon any attempt to move or create files/folders to the drive.)  three different macintoshes failed to recognize the drive.  the packaging did not include a technical support number.  the pny website did not provide an obvious technical suport number, and none of the faqs were relevant to our problem.  i sent an email through the pny website which took two weekdays to obtain any sort of reply or confirmation.  finally, when provided a number, i was not able to navigate the long option menu and talk to a live person without giving up and picking an inappropriate option.  ..the technician i finally got ahold of at first suggested that it was probably the computer, despite being told that multiple computers were affected.  then he suggested that the drives did not work well with windows 98 and they would be changing the packaging to indicate this.  he was not very polite or patient, but he did "slip up" and mention something about many problems with the attache drives.  hopefully, i will be able to get this resolved by shipping back to pny (at my expense) and getting a replacement under the warranty.  however, after this experience, i would be hesitant to buy anything sold by pny ever again
9 months of use and lost all data.after loving this device and using it for school, i lost a whole semester of data b/c the usb contection for the device has become unwired due to normal wear and tear.  unfortunately, i  will have to pay between $500 to $1500 to recover the data.  don't waste your money.  find a more durable product
dish network sucks!!!.i signed up for dish network almost a year ago and signed the contract for 18 mths of service which was a huge mistake!  actually signing up with dish network is a huge mistake!  the customer service sucks!!!  i have never had such poor service in my life!!  i originally recieved 120 channels for 29.95 a month which they continued to mischarge me for (almost $100.00 a mth)  i am now on the family channel plan for min. channels and still being billed at least $50 a mth.  i have had the wrong equipment delivered twice and when they were supposed to show up the third time to exchange what they originally messed up on the tech never showed.  they have continued to bill me for the wrong equipment they gave me and still have not resolved the issue.  in the meantime i have spend over 20 hours in phone calls, tech visits, emails and have not even come close to having my bills corrected.  i cannot stand this company!! i warn you to not sign up for dish!!
worst customer service ever!!!.don't get dish! a word of warning - i got screwed by dish when i tried to use the club dish gift card. with it you are supposed to get free installation, 3 months free movies, $100 in credits. i have called over 5 times and e-mailed more times than that and i get a different answer everytime i call as to why i am not recieving my benefits. dish even told me i am not considered a new customer because their records show i had an account for two days back in 2002! which is a complete lie! and they are unwilling to offer me any proof! "the system is always right" is the answer i got. i would have cancelled my account right then and there, but i'd be out the $150 i've already paid them and from the horror stories i've read about returning your dish, i feel like i need to keep it. i hate dish network
dish network deceptive business practices.i have been reading the reviews and have exactly the same problems with my service with dishnetwork.  we won't even get into the customer service b/c that is just plain unconscionable, but my actual service is almost non-existent, i have to "restart" my receiver every time i turn on the tv if i want to watch anything other than local channels, sports, movie and hd channels never work!  i have a 942 receiver.  anyone else have this receiver?  i have reason to believe the company knows it is a defective receiver yet has not recalled it or informed its customers.  if you are having the same problems, email in to let me know.
very poor, the worst....i initially got installed this dish 500, and set up the international program alone. and clearly, when i spoke to them, they said, at some point later, if i wish to add on the basic american channel package, then i just need to call and pay about $29.99 more every month. and all of a sudden, when i intend to do it, they say, i will be charged $99.0 installation fee for installing another dish. then when i said, what if, i dont want another dish, you may discontinue my international, and change my current dish angle, to get the american channels. now they still say, just for coming home and take 5 min. to change the angle of my dish, they will charge $99.0. this looks absurd. .in all, very poor customer service + rude way of talking + stealing money = dishnetwor
i can't believe anyone sign's up a 2nd time for this garbage!.i can't believe echostar/dish network can stay in business the way their customer service must be hemorrhaging subscribers. they must rely on getting new ones because i can't believe anyone would re-up for their abuse...i contracted for hd service and receiver in september and things were installed shortly after. except that i felt the hd channels looked like crap. i thought it must be my tv, that i hadn't selected the proper settings or something. i'm not the type to complain until i'm sure a problem is not my fault. well, i was wrong, it was their fault. ..the "genius" that installed my system hooked the hd outputs of the receiver to the standard inputs on my tv. after i disassembled my home theater system (no small feat) i fixed that mistake...still no hd so i checked the programming on my receiver and found it had never been setup for hd by the installer so again i fixed his error. and again i had no hd so i called "customer service" at dish network. i found that even though the installer, dish network and i all had signed copies of the contract which proved i specified hdtv and paid extra to lease the hd receiver it had never been turned on. ..i asked that it be turned on and much to my dismay, sorry but i love that phrase, i was told that my recently aquired equipment was now obsolete. "customer service" informed me that i would have to pay for a new install and equipment if i wanted hd and they quoted me a "special" price of $50. well i checked the website and damn if that isn't the price everyone gets! the programming price would also be doubled. i was informed that this was all my fault because i didn't b**ch soon enough!..i asked if others who signed on for hd when i did were still getting the programming at the price i contracted for. yes they said, but because i wasn't getting it, despite the fact that i had a contract for it, i couldn't get that package. another alternative they offered was i could use my "obsolete" receiver and pay for the new programming but only get the old package. twice the money for one fourth service? ..my advice? cable, directv or go without! can you imagine what things would be like if the echostar/directv merger had gone through?
dish network is the worst company to deal with.i though car dealers were the worst to deal with, but i was so very wrong. dish network tops the list of most dishonest and bad customer service companies. the problem is that they are the only ones with decent programming packages and they know it. i was charged $99 for an additional dish for international programming. i told the rep that i already have a dish and will like to avoid this charge. she said that if the existing dish is usable, your $99 will be refunded. guess what, the dish was usable and guess what, now the $99 charge has become an "activation charge" and i will not get it back. so i end up paying them money for something i did not buy from them. i think the term for this is called stealing. on top of that they will completely deny any thing the sales department must have told you. i sometimes wonder that the company has created its policy to cheat and be dishonest. ..i do not know what to tell you. direct tv has awesome customer service but their programming packages are just ok. ..hope this helps all of you considering to sign up with dish network
run away.i got bamboozled into buying a dish network system over a year ago and to make a long story short, had viewable tv for about 4 months of the 12 that i had it, spent more time dealing with their customer service (or lack thereof) than i did watching my unit, have been fighting with their credit department who wants to charge me for 8 months of unwatchable service and the defective receiver(that i gladly offered to send back--they insist on charging me.)  absolutely insane how messed up that company and it's system is.  cut to the chase:  this one is where i should have been with from day one.  don't make the same mistake!  god help us all if echostar (dish's parent co.) is allowed to purchase direct tv.  it will be back to cable for all of us
crappy sony sound.bought these to replace earlier cheap open air sennheisers. earlier phones were much better. less bass but much better overall. sold out to false sony "perceived" excellence
feels really cheap.  activity light is too bright and big..i have owned or handled close to 10 different usb drives and this one feels the cheapest.  if this were to be in a loose pocket and i were to sit on it, i am not so sure it would survive.  it has a very light and cheap feeling case...i also to not like the color of the activity light.  plus it is too bright and big.  it lights up the whole white retracting switch an orangish red color.  i use this for my usb mp3 player in my car and it is a little bright at night
great hardware - lame software.this product looks ok, but it comes from the company configured as 2 drives, and when you connect, it forces the host computer to install some bull**** disk management software in order to recognize the part you can put files on...another poorly written, poorly implemented piece of management software that users are forced to install in order to use the drive
u3 software a disaster.i bought this drive to replace a smaller capacity sandisk drive that i was very happy with.  however, the u3 software supplied on this drive makes it virtually useless.  the u3 software caused my computer (and another) to repeatedly lockup.  sandisk technical support suggested that i use another application to remove the u3 software from the drive.  unfornately, the removal application doesn't work any better than the u3 software.  i would stay away from any usb drive the includes u3!!
slow and inefficient.i bought this drive, in part, because it had u3, so i'm not complaining about that. u3 is moderately useful if you can deal with its shortcomings...what i can't accept is how slow and inefficient this flash drive is. i copied a 207 mb xampp folder to the drive which took over 40 minutes and required over 420 mb of space on the drive. copying the same folder to an external usb hard drive took only 4 minutes and 209 mb of space. so the sandisk drive is 10 times slower and has more than 100% overhead in this case. sandisk customer support was useless. they made no attempt to diagnose the problems, which is clearly inherent in the drive. they simply sent a replacement which exhibits the exact same problems. ..the replacement will be returned
i just junked this router today, finally....i was going to give it two stars because it did work ok for a while, but my boyfriend convinced me to give it one, because his argument is that this thing was top of the line and had just came out when we had originally purchased it, and we should never have had so many issues with it for the price we paid, so his logic won me over and one star it is. we didn't even have this router for a year. and as a note - let me say that i work for my cable isp, doing tech support for internet, so my modem connection has never been the issue because i can check and test my modem from home. we had originally purchased this router as a replacement for our pos linksys router, but that's a different story. ..pros (sort of):.whenever my modem would reboot or update, the router would usually repair the connection, which many routers do not do..when it worked it did work great, it's just that it wasn't very long after we bought it that it stopped working (for wireless). we even got the compatible mimo usb wireless adapter to try and see if it improved the issue, however that was yet another headache (the wireless adapter that is made to be compatible with this router won't connect at the advertised speed without a beta driver... which would let you connect for about a day and then the adapter would stop functioning altogether. when you tried to reinstall the driver it wouldn't let you - it gave error code 10 and the adapter wouldn't even load the driver so basically the $100+ adapter that is marketed as compatible with this router was completely useless)..cons:.after a couple months it would only broadcast the wireless connection sometimes - at random. you could even be connected, it would then kick you off, if you refreshed the network list on any wireless computer, it still wouldn't show up until you had refreshed it several times, and then maybe in five mins it *might* let you connect. the router was on the second floor of our house, and the computers we use wirelessly are on the third, directly above it. our wireless connection was actually so infrequent we had to run an ethernet cord out the window to the router downstairs, because about 85 percent of the time the router would not let you connect wirelessly. neither resetting to the factory defaults nor firmware updates resolved this issue (nor did several hours with netgear support, tier 1 and 2...)..you can't change the wireless channel to anything other than six if you are using the mimo setting...we finally junked it today for a buffalo whr-hp-g54 (i'm going to give it a couple months before reviewing, because you never know about the quirks until you've had something for a while). so far the buffalo works great, but their firmware updates are a bit of a process....pretty much, today i was completely and totally fed up, because for once it was letting a wireless pc on just fine, however every fifteen seconds (like clockwork) on my wired pc (the one running ethernet out the window to the router...) it would say "network cable unplugged"... then within five or ten seconds it would reconnect and let me back online, and then fifteen seconds later it would say "network cable unplugged" again... imagine over an hour of this... so i junked this netgear
various elements keep failing.we have had this router for about 6 months and it's cost about $1000 in maintenance time.  we have to reboot it every couple of days because:..1.  dhcp stops working...2.  internet (wan) routing stops working...3.  vpn passthrough stops working...we already traded it in once.  the second one behaved exactly the same way.  it seems that if there is any blockage or routing problem upstream (with isp, it happens regularly), lots of features start crashing internally and then you have to reboot...now, add to that:..4.  bangladeshi (or whereever) tech support is useless...5.  even when wan pings are turned on, you can't ping your wan connection from the inside to see whether internet routing has failed (again!!)...6.  no alternate protocol support (other than tcp/udp) in port forwarding -- needed for proper vpn support...7.  totally useless logging -- web sites only.  i need logging of all ports and services at times to debug routing problems....we're throwing this out and getting a cisco professional router (if we can afford it...) or a d-link or something
sound = pretty good, comfort = horrible.i would have to agree with most of the reviews below, the sound quality you get from these headphones is pretty darn good; however, they have one major flaw: it is impossible to wear these things for mare than 20 minutes without accquiring a massive headache. the people that designed these things must have been too focused on sound quality to pay any attention to comfort (or even style for that matter, these things look cheap and clunky on your head). i dont care how great the sound is on these things, they were useless to me because i couldn't listen to anything for an extended period of time. i'm returning them asap and getting myself a pair of sonys (yah, i'm a sell-out, but atleast they're comfortable). i would suggest the mdr-v300's, my roommate has a pair and i really can't tell the difference in sound quality when i compared my sennheisers to his sonys (after playing around with the eq of course, and they're about the same price as these too). might i also suggest the mdr-xd300's (they're the ones i ordered as a replacement for these, and i'll be writing a review for those monstsers once i get a chance to try them out). two stars instead of one only because i admit the sound quality was decent (not spectacular like many of the reviews said, however)
you'll be lucky to get a year out of this machine.well after a year of transfering lots of home video vhs onto the hard drive of this machine, the hard drive has crashed and all of my video files and about 100 hours iof work are gone. the only thing humax will do is offer a replacement machine that is refurbished for a fee.. this unit is total crap. do not bu
tivo is great, this unit is not.i've had this unit about a year and have been having the same issues with "remote lagtime" and loud dvd tray...but i was put off so many times by humax support that now i'm out of warranty. i too wonder if it is the box or the remote, as now the picture quality has been getting worse and worse. at the highest image settings, shows are recorded way too dark. : (.checked all connections...tv...cable...etc. even compared a vcr taped version of the same exact show tivoed in the other room...the tivoed one was dark and murky. live tv is fine...it seems to be the way the humax records now..it's a shame, because having a integrated dvd recorder is a great idea...one i was willing to pay $300+ for and now regret
dvr functions don't work.this works fine as a tivo and integrated dvd player, but the dvr functions do not work correctly on my unit.  dvds recorded on this unit won't always play back on other dvd players.  when i asked customer support what brand players are compatible, they said "i don't know."  ..not all brand disks are compatible.  when i try to record on dv-r disks, it won't work on memorex brand disks.  on sony disks, it worked one time out of three.  disks from failed attempts are ruined and need to be thrown out.  when i went out and bought some dv-rw disks, that recorded but then wouldn't play back on my other dvd player downstairs.  even playing the disk back on the humax unit itself, the fast forward and rewind don't work correctly...yuck.
humax dvr800 w/ dvd recorder is not ready for primetime.i bought my dvr 800 in november.  the tivo service is awesome but the humax box is terrible.  there was a problem with the ir sensor on the dvr.  i had to push the remote control buttons several (10+) times before it made a connection.  i called humax, the customer service rep. said they are having problems with the ir sensor. she asked me if i had the latest software version on my machine...i did.  so she sent me a new remote control.  the remote was not the problem.  i called back and they sent me a replacement (new or used) dvr800. ..the problem still exists.  with the replacement unit - i have to press at least 5 times and i have to be physically close to the unit.  it's very frustrating.  i should not have to press the remote buttons more than twice to initiate a command. ..i bought a 40hr tivo unit for a relative and it works great.  so i know it's not the tivo service or the remote control. ..the hard drive and the dvd "recorder" works great - i was able to burn movies on a dvd and record shows with no problem.   it's just that the unit does not pick up the remote control signal easily.  ..not sure what i am going to do.
faulty remote.before you buy this, google for "tivo humax sluggish remote". as of february 06, you'll see rumblings of a class action lawsuit about a remote control problem that has not been addressed by tivo or humax
serious unresolved problems with this product:  humax and tivo shirk responsibility.if you buy this product, you're rolling the dice.  if you lose, as i did, you'll join a community of miserable humax customers whose only consolation is the satisfaction of commiserating with each other on web forums.  ..problem sounds innocuous enough: remote control seems sluggish, unresponsive and quirky.  but it seriously compromises one of the key features of the dvr - many customers' primary reason for purchasing it:  controlling playback via ff, pause, rewind.  ..sad to say, users seem to have a better grasp of the cause of the problem than the manufacturer does.  may be a heat-related problem involving the ir sensor.  humax blames it on tivo's software - however, that's implausible on its face, as the problem doesn't afflict all units.  tivo accepts no responsibility.  hence, the "roll of the dice."  are you feeling lucky?..you don't have to take my word for it.  check out hundreds of posts at http://forums.tivo.com/pe/action/forums/displaysinglethread?rootpostid=10189479 .  ..still interested in the product?  then, welcome to our world!  misery loves company.
horrible remote problems.this unit worked fine for about a month and then suddenly the remote became extremely sluggish. we now have to press any button 3 to 5 times before it will register. after trying all the troubleshooting tips and researching the problem online, we discovered from other users that this problem was not uncommon.
the unbearable hiss kills it..i share all of adlevision's concerns about the olympus ws-320. i bought it assuming it must be a sensational improvement over the olympus dm series, only to discover that it is inferior! yes, it is awesome that it can record for 35 hours in high quality stereo instead of 2.25 (so you can store an entire project on it), doubles as an mp3 player and pulls apart to plug directly into the usb port without an extension. however, the background hiss, regardless of the mode you are recording in and the distance of the recording source, kills it for any serious work. (at first i thought it was my fault -- i must be using it incorrectly). i do not need it as an mp3 player, i already have an ipod. the cosmetic changes are only that. i am quite dissapointed.  back to the dm-10. stick to what works well
you mean it doesn't even charge if yer connecting with usb??.the only reason i shelled out the 37 beans for this thing is that i thought i could charge and sync at the same time, and just leave the pod sitting in the cradle when i wasn't using it and it would stay charged. well, after a few days of sitting in the cradle i took it out, and was chagrined to see that the battery was low. wtf??  would it not take a charge? is my dock faulty? well i plugged it back into the separate a/c charger and its charging juts fine. which leads me to deduce that it does not charge for those of us losers connecting via usb. am i correct? (someone please check me on this.) what a ripoff. apple charges all this money for fancy packaging and design, and totally rips you off. ugh. sor_ree for connecting with usb!!
not worth it!.the product comes the stand to hold the 20gb ipod and the 40gb ipod along with some electric thing where it gets connected. the bad part is that it doesnt come with anything else. although it was my fault for not thinking about this, if you have a cover on your ipod it will not fit on the dock and you would have to take it off. the product description is very deceiving about the dock kit. it made me feel like it came with the right cables to connect it to my stereo. it does not come any cables! unless you want to pay $37.99 or however much it is now just to make charging your ipod and playing it a little more flashier then go ahead. just remember that the dock kit is absolutely unneccessary to buy. you can do all the same stuff without it
i found out i could do this for $2.99 !!!!.the dock works, though completely unnecessary. i wanted to connect my ipod to my stereo. it sounds great !!! unfortunately, it's sounds just as great using the headphone jack- which i found a 3.5 cord that splits into 2 rca plugs at a national office supply store for $2.99. i find no difference at all in the sound. had i found the cord first, i never would have bought the doc
nice, but overpriced for what you get....this comes in really handy, but i was surprised it didn't come with an extra set of cords for the price. i basically paid $40 just for something to sit it up at an angle. if i had known that, i could have made my own stand. apple really should either give you two dock kits for the price of one or include an extra set of cords (which would come in handy!) with the packaging. i wouldn't buy again or recommend unless the price dropped by about half the cost
i hate this little mp3 player....the only thing i like about it is the sound quality is good. i can fit about 130 songs...cons:.it's very slow, everytime you go through your files you have to wait while it loads. it's pretty annoying, especially if you are looking for something far down the list and you have to wait each time..i find it hard to use. there are so many times when i just want to go to the main menu and it doesn't go, and programming is difficult. .i leave the player to choose my songs on random, but random is very weird. i'm used to players going through the whole list, never repeating a song, until all the songs are done. this player will play the same song you just heard 3 songs ago. also, say you pick a song, and it randomly chooses the rest for you. somehow, it memorizes that order or something, because say you choose that song again some other day to start off, it will play the same songs again in the same order. .sometimes i'll be listening to songs on random and it will just stop and go back to the main menu...i really wish i didn't buy this, but the salesperson told me this was the best seller and he never had any complaints about it. i listened to him, even though i thought it was hideous. don't buy this, spend a little more money and get an ipod
linksys router wrt54gx.i now have had 3 linksys routers that work transiently and then quit.  there is effectively no honest tech support, only a group of foreigners who do nothing but stall and give you the run around.  the warrentee is useless.  i spent 8 hours with tech and got no result.  they refuse to authorize a return and warrantee replacement.  the products all died within 6 months.  do not buy a linksys product under any circumstances.  flush the money down the toilet. it will be more satisfying.  md, ph.d
works well while it lasts -- but don't count on long life.i've had two linksys products die on me shortly after a year (a 4-port router/switch, and now this 8-port switch).  it works fine until it dies (but that's like saying a stapler staples correctly: it's supposed to)...just to note: i run them in a very friendly environment -- no dust or heat or voltage spikes or any of that to blame for the problem.  (also, you can count me as an "expert user".)..i myself will never buy another linksys product again -- i'll try out netgear  dlink and other brands, but goodbye cisco/linksys.    if you chooose to try their products, caveat emptor
lasted about a month.i had mine for less than a month when the antenna wire pulled away from the magnetic part of the antenna. -i have to qualify this by saying that i did not install the antenna per the instructions. because i live in a bad neighborhood, i can't leave something like this on the car- it would get ripped off. so every night when i got home i would carefully remove the antenna and put in inside my trunk. after a few weeks of this, the wire broke off from the magnetic part of the antenna. the exact same thing happened to my wife's unit. maybe this would not have happened if we had installed the antenna "permanently", but let this be a warning to anyone who thinks they will be able to take this type of antenna off/on...now in our cars we are both using home antennas. we put them inside the rear window, which works very well
hardware problem - massive number of interrupts.i bought this card bundled with the matching router. the router works just fine but i when i tried to use the card in an xp portable (uk evesham) it produced a massive slowdown in the pcs performance. the cpu utilization went to 100% whenever i plugged the card in. using sysinternals process monitor showed that 50% of the cpu was being chewed up by hardware interrupts, and the rest by deferred procedure calls. so something was very wrong. ..it may be because there were 2 wireless routers within range, one  a linksys and the other the netgear both oeprating on channel 11..whatever the reason, it was unusable
blue screen of death with xp on toshiba laptop.unbelievable performance... when it works.  clearly netgear has not worked out the bugs to be fully compatible with xp on this device... or the toshiba satellite laptop motherboard has irq issues on the pci controller...the symptom?  a blue screen crash of xp.  it used to only freeze up the laptop (toshiba satellite) until i installed service pack 2 of xp... now it captures the irq error...my wife thinks rangemax sucks... but hey, the performance when it works is absolutely fabulous (strong signal strength... a vast improvement...) but try to tell her that when she loses an hours' worth of composition.....if netgear ever gets this hammered out, it will be a dandy.  looking forward to a future driver or better netgear admitting this is a problem!!!..oh, how often does this happen?  hourly, intermittently, daily... pick one.  there is no rhyme or reason.  and we've downloaded the latest drivers  from netgear to no avail..
intermittent connectivity.this may be a great card, but i have had to reinstall the drivers twice because it would not connect to the web via the netgear router...now i am receiving a message that this is not a digitally registered copy of the drivers, whatever that means...we have two other cards on older macs from the old "airport" system which are trouble-free compared to this card...maybe its my computer, but this has not been a favorable experience for me
doesn't work.does't have the range, nor is it terribly easy to use... can't recommend it
wrong dvd ram media size.i bought 20 dvd ram discs for my panasonic dvd ram camera and what i got is a big dvd ram size... what should i do?
stick with logitech.i bought this mouse based on the fantastic reviews, but was sorely disappointed. ..performance is unacceptable, left-clicking works less than half the time, the way it slides about on my mouse pad is too slippery, and the fact that the wheel is not a ratchet one really bothers me - it just doesn't feel right, being so flimsy and all.
creative labs always sells crapola hardware  its "creative" that's enough not to buy it(other than soundcards).unlike thier sound cards, creative labs rests onl thier lawrals(you can tell by the snotty customer service with faked forein accents when ordering replacement items) on most other equipment, which is not more than peddled trash outside a "flee market" at best, this includes speakers, speaker stands and these "gameing" devices.  like microsoft's hardware what you get is an enormously expensive peice of trash that lasts six months at best.  how can anyone except paying this much for anything and only expect it to last six months! customers should raise thier standards instead of thinking about "patronage".  the name printed on this is a gimmick, this guy does not indorse this pile(or does so absently and uncaring of how good it is in a game).  if you want good input devices i suggest saitek all the way for everything.(except maybe the throttle crap).  thier software sux but thier devices are solid as a rock and quite beautiful to boot
very unimpressed.the weight change is nice but as you hold the mouse and put pressure on the top, the weight releases up into your hand. the physical size of the mouse is too small, it does not feel comfortable. the cable is very stiff and lies in loops across the desk. after several ejections of the weight, many small pieces of plastic were broken off and were discarded. i expect that to be called a gamer's mouse all these deficiencies need to be corrected.  very annoying - i returned what was left of the mouse and received my money back and all this trouble was in two weeks time, save your money and get a logitech mouse
noisy phone.there is an 'echo' noise in the phone. this is suppose to be   'free of any interference' but that is not true. i wish  i could return the phone but do not know how and it has been more than a month. i would not recommend this phone to anyone
beware! not for the mp800 printer.this ink tank is the same size, and shape and fits the pixma mp800 all-in-one printer but it does not work.  even though it is for photos and has photo in the name, this only works with the pixma ip6600d or the pixma mp950.  the correct ink tank replacement for the pixma mp800 is the cli-8m.  the items are to closely labeled and easily confused especially when you are thinking of printing photos
alpine ipod connector interface.here are the pros of the ipod integration: charges the ipod while i drive so it is always fully charged, the sound quality is great (much better than with the fm transmitters), and finally it keeps the ipod out of sight. cons of alpines ipod integration: the interface sucks, the interface sucks, the interface sucks. let me explain, the ipod is wonderful because it is so easy to use, however when ever you connect the ipod to the alpine deck it blocks out the ipod controls so it can only be controlled from the stereo deck. this wouldn't be so bad except that the deck does a horrible job of controlling the ipod for two reasons, first because there is a huge lag time when browsing through songs, playlists, or artists. and secondly because the interface is so complicated to use, you have to understand that for me to have to read a manual for a piece of electroincs in pretty rare but for this thing i keep the manual in the glove box because it is so hard to use i have to read up on it every time i want to use it. just browsing for a song can take as many as 6 button presses (which all have to be in correct order). i hear a second generation interface will soon be out, and i would suggest holding out for that
the mito wins over all others.july 2006.  after testing the jwin, griffen 30bk, edge diskgo, and the kensington pico, and the mito, the mito wins hands down.  the jwin is not plug and play and presented quite a bit of static, the griffin could not muster the volume, as was the case with the kensington, and the edge was just a p.o.s., with no stereo transmission, and a battery door that would not close.  my test was specifically for transmission to a panasonic boom box, used while on vacation.  in both n.j. and n.c., the mito performed well, with little static, and plenty of volume for those late night jam sessions after the kids and wives were asleep.  go with the mito, you won't be sorry
no luck with this one.i could get it to work, but the sound quality was very poor.  this is the second type of fm transmitter i have tried - the search is on again i guess.  i suppose with these things it is trial and error until you find one that works.  i liked the fact that you could use this one with any radio, not just in the car, but i may have to resort to the "car only" type.  if all i can hear is static, forget it
form beats function.i got this because it was the smallest fm transmitter for the ipod nano.  it integrated well with the ipod, and i had no problems using it to select the station.  the real problem was static.  i tried multiple "clear" fm channels in the nashville area, but i could not get a nice clean signal on any one of them.  there was always static or hiss in the background.  i think this transmitter is just not powerful enough.  i tried placing it in several positions in my car as well.  i would not recommend this.  i have a friend who has the monster cable fm transmitter and charger.  he has not experienced the same problems
doesn't work in seattle area.i could not get this to work (seattle area), and i tried numerous scenarios (car, home stereo, jam box, etc.).  back to the dreaded cassette adapter, which works but is a pain due to the wire...might be asking santa for a more integrated car adapter.....or perhaps the big ipod hi-fi system could be dashboard mounted? :-
kensington stereo dock for ipod.i did not head the warnings from previous reviews.  the ipod stereo dock does not work with the 5th generation ipods (ipods with video).  it freezes the ipod or resets the ipod, as well as scrambling the album covers...if you have an older ipod, it works fine.  but do not buy for the current generation 30/60gb ipods.  kensington sent me 2 replacements with the same problem.  they have no fix for the problem
if you value your money you shouldn't buy this.i made a big mistake purchasing this item. not only are you limited to barely a few frequencies to choose from, but the sound quality is terrible. i tried this item out in many different cars and i get the same results. the static at times is louder than the music. it's safe to say that this is not a good investment to make for your ipod
bad design of a good concept.the concept for this is a good idea, but the design is flawed. the first problem is that they provide only rear support; no front or side to side. the natural vibrations from a running car are side to side, so when you have the ipod basicly hanging in mid air it is going to vibrate. the more you drive and the faster you go the more it vibrates. speed bumps and pot-holes are also problems. since the only thing holding the ipod in place is the usb-dock connector, it shakes loose. it did take 2 months of constant use before this became a problem, and i have "fixed" this problem with a rubberband. the second problem is that there are only 4 channels that this transmits on. in cities with fm stations near all 4 channels, this is a problem. this can cause noise and bleedthrough from time to time. i do like the fact that you can plug it in the cigarette lighter for constant charging, and position the goose neck for easy access.  so, if you can live with rigging it up with a rubberband and occasional noise, go for it. if not, wait for a better design with more support, or buy a different fm transmitter
not worth it.this fm transmitter has a humming sound with or without music playing on it. the transmitter is weak. in a major city there is no chance of being able to hear you music.  i bought two of these. in a jeep grand cherokee with a sony head unit the radio won't even pick up the signal over those being broadcasted in the city.  in a hyundai elantra with a panasonic head unit the signal is being picked up but the humming sounds is too frustrating to listen to music over.  a friend of mine has a monster series charger and transmitter. his sounds 1000x better. don't waste your money on this. spend the extra $20 and get a product you'll be happy with.
wastes tape, wastes tape, wastes tape!.this thing wastes so much tape it is ridiculous. don't buy this or you'll be kicking yourself after you realize how much tape it wastes and the price of the tape
poor quality control.the machine works great when it works. unfortunately, i have had two models that needed repair - sigh. the first time the print head died. the second time the cutter was defective. brother needs to a better job on their quality control. also, i agree with others about too much wasted tape - a real scam since you need their expensive tapes
wasted tape is a big problem.it is obvious that brother designed this labeler to waste tape.  i bought the labeler because i wanted to implement the getting things done system.  i find the labeler useful but i am very annoyed that brother made the labeler is such a way as to force people to buy as much of their tape as possible.  the reviewer rick galati is completely wrong.  there is always wasted tape no matter what adjustment you make and the wasted tape is usually substantial.  there is absolutely no way to prevent the labeller from wasting tape.  no matter what setting of the margins you use the labeler will always print out an margin on the left side.  there is a margin setting called "none" but even this prints out a sizable margin on the left side.  the worst thing though is that if you use the settings which reduce margins than you no longer have the text centered in the label.  instead there will be a margin on the left side but no margin on the right side.  thus you have to cut the tape in order to center the text which is a big hassle.  in fact i just use the labeler with the margin settings set to "full" because i don't want to bother having to cut the tape myself.  brother could easily of made the labeller in such a way as to reduce the margins but they didn't.  i can only include that they did this on purpose to get people to buy more tape.  the tapes themselves are about 20 dollars
don't waste your time.before buying this phone, i read the reviews here.  they seem to fall into two categories:  it works fine vs. it is a piece of junk.  i concluded there is a quality control issue and decided to roll the dice and buy one.  for a home office, it happens to have exactly the features i want, including being able to turn one ringer complete off (the home line).  i bought one, plugged it in, and immediately realized i had wasted my time.  first, while on the phone, there is a persistent loud buzzing sound from the handset.  i asked the first person i called whether she heard it and she said yes.  second, everyone with whom i've been on the phone today commented that my voice was distant-sounding.  some also remarked that my voice was "tinny" or "metalic" sounding (maybe it is?).  i called att and was told i must have a defective phone.  obviously so.  but i'm not going to waste my time on another one
dissapointing.i don't know if i am more dissapointed in the phone or in me for buying it after reading the poor reviews here.   it rings. it gives you a dial tone for each line.  the speaker phone is decent, no complaints from the other end.    ..it has these neat little lights to indicate a "new call" for line one or line two.  so when you come home you can see if you had any calls at a glance.  one call, both lights end up coming on usually.   the call history feature will allow you to scroll through recent calls for one line at a time or both.  regardless of what line a call comes in on it will be listed twice, once with line 1, once with line two.   quite irritating.   you can not tell if the call came in on line 1 or line 2.   in a home office situation, it is nice to see what calls came into what line.   ..i read the reviews,  figured "they" must not have the phone set up right.  the phone has to know what line the call comes in on right? ha!  i've tried every light configuation, callerid set up possible and it still behaves the same, dissapointing, way.   ..do yourself a favor and find another 2 line phone.
bad and doesn't last.non-intutitive, inside out functionailty. everything is there but nothing is logical -- even after using for months i have to hunt for redial, etc. and just try to dial the phone number on the caller display -- it's almost imorssible to guess which buttons to hit in which order. this is the third att phone of this sort that i have bought in the last two years (two for my father and one for me), and i would never buy another. i gave them the benefit of the doubt the first two times i had problems, but three failed devices is a trend. most recently, the led simply failed, and the functions were made, if anything, less intuitive, to the point where they are now harder to use. if you have a few weeks to practice, practice, practice, and learn how to operate this phone (the redial button is on the left at the bottom of three rows of similar buttons, and is almost impossible to find), it may seem worth it. but then the led will fail
great price until you get it home.i bought the model 992 because i need the 2 line capability. the phone does not register caller id on the second line. the phone has terrible handset sound. the phone doesn't like a quick dial. as of yesterday, it only works if i place it upside down!..shameful product
better option available....i purchased the 992 to replace an older att business phone i had for 10 years because i needed the called id capability.  the phone looks good but the big complaint is that the speaker phone sounds very "tinny."  i ended up returning the phone and purchasing the more expensive 4-line model (att 974).  it has more features (many of which i really don't need) but, more importantly, the speaker phone is clear and vibrant.  i'd recommend the 974 instead of this model if you plan on using the speaker phone
more hp junk!!.hp.. what a mess your in... why?? maybe because this is the 4th all-in-one ive had. they were all defective... even the refurbs you sent after a few months of buying a new one.. you continually send out and sell junk! i could go on here.. but people.. you get the point,  i hope..
dead on arrival - don't waste your money!.bought this hp all in one printer yesterday and today it would not install. first, the on and off switch remained on. secondly, the printer cartridges motor would not move. so i called hp and they said they would send me another one. waited on the phone for 45 minutes. then, i hung up! back to the store it goes, no more hp for me! this is the second hp printer that i bought that was defective. however, the first one let me install it and at least it served me for 3 years! my advice to you: do not buy an hp!!
you can do better.con:.1. jams every 2-3 print jobs.  requires a lot of time and tlc to keep it running..2. software incessantly hounds you to waste ink on unnecessary "alignment" pages, whether or not you've recently installed a new cartrige...pro:.1. fast print speed, for the price, when it's working.  unfortunately, this benefit is negated by #1 above..2. has never jammed due to paper misfeed.  the frequent jams don't waste paper, at least...bottom line:.this is not the upgrade i thought it would be from my old lexmark cheapo.  i thought the hp brand assured me of higher quality and performance than lexmark, so i was willing to pay a higher price for the hp.  now i wish i had my old lexmark back, and i'm sorry i wasted my money on the f340
a great buy once you learn how to use it..the good news.. it has enough power to blow the walls down or hear all at a whisper. i have 7 speakers hooked to it and it is great. crisp and clean. right and left front and center jbl's. rear surround right and left jbl's and a bic center. polk powered 8 inch sub woofer. i simply ran my audio out from the tv to the receiver so vcr, dvd and tv are automaticly hooked up to the receivers tv input. then i used a cd changer and equializer hooked to the cd in on the receiver. the receiver is completly automatic and will adjust each speaker as you like it. the bad news. the instruction book is very hard to understand. the unit has way too many adjustments. too many sound varients to fool with. it was very hard for me to learn how to use. the am fm receiver part works very good. all automatic. the tone adjustments do not really do much. so i use the tone adjustments through the tv for tv dvd and vcr. the equalizer for cd. overall i am very satisfied with the unit, once i learned how to operate it. a far cry from the yamaha 16 year old amplifier it replaced. i would definetly recommend this unit to all. light weight,compact and the price was right with free shipping. buy it.
decent for the money, but definitely lower quality sound.i decided to try the panasonic sa xr70s when my older amplifier finally blew.  i trust the panasonic brand in general, and i love their video products--excellent quality for the price.  however, i was extremely disappointed in this product...pros--very nice design, lightweight, intuitive and easy to use, covers all the basics and generally works well...cons--the sound is inferior. (i personally 'hate' it!)  maybe i was pushing it to go with 100 watts per channel (lowest power i would try to drive my large klipsch speakers), but the bass response is weak, and i felt like i was trying to drive a powerful speaker with a boom box...overall, not a bad product and for some people and their speakers and other equipment, it is probably very good for the price.  i happen to like a fat sound, warm and dynamic, and i was 'cheaping out' getting an amp not really rated for my speakers.  for others who also love that fat sound, not too bright, not too warm, you may be disappointed in this product...i give amazon five stars for their easy returns and good customer service.  :-)
noisy audio input device.the apple mac mini audio input jack is highly susceptible to picking up 60-cycle hum and other audio noise. i bought this device to get around the problem and found it introduces a high level of white noise to the audio signal. not acceptable
stay away from this dangerous remote.i bought this remote and hooked it up one evening. it worked okay, but it is picky about the line of sight.  however, the next morning i looked at my ipod and was horrified to see that it had discoloured the screen.  there was a yellow and purplish rainbow effect across the top of the screen and since it radiated from the sensor on the remote receiver it left no doubt that the dlo idirect remote had caused the discolouration.  i was afraid that if i continued to use this remote probably after a week the screen would be completely black.  i called the manufacturer and they tried to pass off responsibility to the store that sold it to me.  so if you value your ipod, stay as far away from the dlo idirect remote as possible.  this thing is dangerous
very disappointed.i was very disappointed with the dlo remote control for my ipod.  what's the point of a remote when it has to be an inch away with a direct line to the senor?  i brought it back to the store and decided to give it another try with a different brand.  i got the griffin airclick which was a couple of dollars cheaper and you can point it wherever you want and the ipod responds
cheap garbage.i bought this thinking that i would get a great remote for the price. wrong!  not only does it have to be line of site, you can be directly in front of it and it still won't work.  i would not recommend this remote.  a rf remote, any of them, would be money well spent compared to this cheap made
extremely poor quality.this is one of those times when a review can really save the people that come after.  one person can save the rest a great deal of annoyance and hassle...this product is very cheaply made (white sticky paper is actually used in the contruction, i kid you not).  the one i purchased broke at a weak place at the base of where it attaches to the ipod.  it's actually a potential danger to your ipod, in my opinion.  the company will not stand by it at all.   customer service at digital lifestyle outfitters proved to be both a joke and waste of time...it is very overpriced for what you receive.  it has poor range and must be in direct line of sight to work.  the device is not particularly responsive to it's own controls either.  another obvious problem is that the tiny remote itself has no way to attach itself to anything so it's one second away from being easily mislaid.  the product is fairly bulky and not particularly attractive in real life, especially the part that attaches to the ipod.  it's really useless for most anything but while the ipod is sitting in the charger...this was a major disappointment, a waste of money and certainly not worthy of my ipod....maxine debord
battery problems.when it works, it's mediocre. unfortunately it doesn't work all that often. i had battery problems a month or two after purchase. pass on this one, folks
0 stars - battery issues.as you'll see from other reviewers, there is definitely a battery issue here. there should be a lemon law in effect for this - time to look for consumer protection laws against this product
works a few months, then the problems begin.worked fine for a few months, then started getting the "check battery" error intermittently on either handset.  replaced the aaa nimh batteries per vtech customer support's recommendation, and the problem went away for about a month then started happening again.  sent it to vtech for replacement under warranty, and new set received uses a proprietary battery pack. worked ok for 3 weeks, then the "check battery" error started again!  sent the 2nd set back, and just got yet another replacement after 3 weeks wait.  our 1 year warranty is over in about one week, so i'm guessing this 3rd set will wind up in the trash when (not if) it goes bad in a month or so.  it seems the numbskulls at vtech blamed the problems on the battery and switched from aaas to a special battery pack.  however, i am certain the problem lies in the charging circuitry since we've seen the problem with both the old and the newer design handsets.  we will never buy another vtech phone again
memorex- 16x4 dvd-r.the quality of the dvd is the worst i ever encountered; approximatey 20% turn into shiny coasters; the flaw where pixelation can be seen on the recorded surface as a discolored band. i don't think i will be getting memorex products for a while.
makes annoying noise during operation.this dvd has some problems: (1) extremely annoying continuous noise during operation, (2) big, bulky remote control, and (3) the unit itself looks unfashionable. i will be probably returning it
not nokia oem.i purchased this cable through amazon from a-1 accessories - the packaging is the same as shown in the picture and the driver disk is a cd that has been printed using an ink jet printer.  the instructions were printed 8-1/2x11 paper - don't lose them because if you do, you are hosed - you must follow the instructions to the letter - no jumping ahead 'cause you know what you are doing. ..nowhere on the driver cd, cable or the package does the word nokia appear. the nokia pc suite off the web will not recognize this cable unless you install per the instructions and then upgrade pc suite...i was able to get this thing working, but i had all the planets had to be aligned...based on the description, i expected a nokia oem cable - that is not what i got
unnatural sound and poor durability.i've owned the hd580s for 6 years now, and on the whole i've been disappointed with them...these headphones are renowned for their flat frequency response. to my ears, these headphones deliver a sound that is empty and unnatural. these seem best suited as studio headphones. they might be good for hearing all frequencies evenly and fine-tuning a mix, but they are not enjoyable for listening to music recreationally...i've had the opportunity to compare these directly against several other popular headphones. i've also tried the akg 240s, sony mdr-v600, sony mdr-7506, and ultrasone hfi-700. the sennheiser hd580 is similar in tone to the sony mdr-7506, but with less booming bass, which is a plus. but that's the only plus. perhaps i'm not one for the extremely flat frequency response headphones...on a side note, my favorite of the bunch was the ultrasone hfi-700. if you don't like the sony 7506's and sennheiser hd580's, they're a completely different beast. i bought them and am happy with them...regarding durability, the paint on the headband has almost completely peeled/chipped off. there was no unusual abuse that caused this - just simple flexing of the headband when putting them on and taking them off...because of the open design, anybody else in the room will easily hear what you are listening to, even at moderately low volumes
lousy!!! lousy!!! lousy!!! do not use!!!.i spent four hours installing and uninstalling the device. when i first installed it asked for five files from windows 98se. had to find the files either from the cd or windows directory or stop the installation and search on the internet. finally, finally, finally i got the thing to install but i had another problem. when i connected to the internet and tried to go to any website, ie6 would shut down and ask to restart. what garbage. so i had to uninstall all the software and drivers for the camera ( i am an experienced electronic technician and build computers at work and on the side) and still ie6 would not run. finally, i had to boot to safe mode and run scanreg/restore and restore the registry from a previous date in order to get ie6 to run . i hope i can return this piece of garbage. oh, by the way. this is my first review of any kind on amazon.com. i hope this helps alot; when i googled for the files i was serching, alot of other people were having the same sort of problems. thank you very much
never trust this product..i bought this product less than a year ago. 2 days ago, i locked my laptop and tried to unlock it.  but i couldn't.  it was somehow messed up and the combination did not work.  i had to cut it!!!  i don't know how it got messed up but i'm sure that it was not study enough to last long
have an ibook? don't buy this lock!.i posted a review two weeks ago, but it hasn't appeared, so i'm trying again...i bought this lock two years ago.  it has always been difficult to remove.  (note:  despite what some other reviewers seem to think, it does not have a motion detector - that's a different lock.)  recently, the lock decided to remain firmly inside my ibook, despite my efforts to remove it.  after a fruitless call to targus's customer support, i finally got it out.  that took over 30 minutes of struggle.  my next step was going to be purchasing a hack saw.  apparently, the targus lock is not a good fit for ibooks.  i'm going to send mine back and demand compensation.  if you own an ibook, i strongly suggest you buy a lock made by someone other than targus
lock changes combination by itself - do not buy.i have been using this lock for a few months without changing the combination. suddenly i could no longer open it as it appears that the lock has changed its combination by itself. ..i called engineering in the hotel i was staying in to help me. it took them less than a minute to cut the cable with ordinary pliers.
once it's on it may never come off..while i don't have any evidence to refute the package claim that it "attaches to any notebook",  once attached to my son's computer it was almost impossible to remove.  it took 10 minutes to get it off and we were pulling so hard i thought we would damage the computer.   we will be returning it.  not recommended
combination mysteriously changed.i had been using the lock for my laptop for the past 4 months without any trouble. all of a sudden, today, as i went to pick up the lock, which had been left untouched in the open position overnight with my combination in it, it decided to change combinations by itself. so it was in the locked position but the combination is still the one i had set. i tried so many combinations 'around' mine but obviously there are so many different possibilites. the fact that i even have to try to think of what combination my lock decided to change itself to today makes this a lock i can't rely on
changing combos.i am a student living in a dorm situation and so wanted some basic protection for my lap top computer.  i purchased the defcon cl because it was inexpensive, widely availible, and easy to use.  unfortunately, it has one major drawback, occasionally it decides to change the number combinationss which unlock it.  i went to the company website and they suggested trying the numbers immediately around the combination and if that failed trying all the number combinations possible (there are 10,000).  several hours, one blister, and 1787 combinations later, i got frustrated and used a jewelers saw to cut through the connection to my computer (this solution took only five minutes).  i would not suggest this lock to anyone who lacks the patience to try trial and error experimentation until they reach the correct combination, nor anyone attending a school with a metalsmithing program
protects screen but not click wheel area.i purchased this product soon after i bought my ipod.  had even left the annoying shrink wrap on until i had a proper case...  the result? two months of use and huge gouges in the face near the click wheel.  even upon slipping the ipod into the case the first time some scratching occured across the click wheel.  the case fits much tighter on the lower half of the ipod with a gap between the face of the screen and the case.  through normal use the occasional piece of sand/pocket [...] worked its way into the case.  since there is no way to remove the ipod other than slipping it in and out i watched in horror as the scratches occurred in the process...other negatives:..-case adds alot of width to the ipod.-opening in bottom not sufficient for connection to belkin auto adapter...solution:.use the apple supplied case..you're much better of
not worth the money.i read lots of steller reviews about this product about how the ipod is so protected inside etc. well, this product is extremely heavy and made in ipod twice its size, and the belt clip kept breaking. what would happen is i'd be wearing my ipod on the belt clip and then there would go my ipod in the case on the floor while the belt clip was still attached to my pants. i guess, rhinoskin's protection did help my ipod with stand a few falls, but with a better case it wouldn't be an issue. i returned this product right afterwards
don't buy this product.only had product for 1 year.  battery went dead when we replaced it, the phone just kept losing its charge and panasonic wasted our time and money
do not buy this phone!.we puchased this unit for use in several small stores owned by the same company.  8 total phones/base stations were purchased, all new (not refurbished)...of these original 8 phones, 4 of them had the battery go south within a few weeks.  the remaining 4 phones lasted a month before their batteries also went south.  by going south, i mean that you can charge the battery for as long as you like and it will die after a few minutes.  for a retail business, this is very bad...to fix the problem, we have tried to replace the battery from panasonic, but it is not even offered on their website, nor is the phone itself...if the guaranteed battery failure isn't enough to deter you from this product, let me give you some other fun treats with this phone:..1. it drops calls.  not just calls for the battery dying, but calls will just randomly drop.  you know it is bad when you have to tell customers to call back if the call drops...2. the error tone is deafening, as it sounds in your ear.  it actually hurts when the low battery tone goes off or another problem causes it to chirp.  ouch...3. when you are on the phone and the call waiting tone sounds, it shuts the sound off on your conversation for a second or two.  very annoying to need to repeat yourself or ask somebody else to repeat what they said every time another call comes in. (basically, the phone shuts down for a second or two if you have another call and will continue to shut down each time the call waiting tone chirps during that conversation)...5. the range of the phone is laughable.  the 900 mhz we had before this had at least double or triple the range and never dropped calls.  maybe i am being greedy in wanting a phone that has more than a 30-foot range, but it stinks when you decide to go 40-feet into the back room and your customer thinks you are hung up on them...6. you cannot delete messages from a handset - you need to go to the base station to do that.  this wouldn't be a big deal if everything else hadn't already frustrated me about this phone...7. panasonic's customer service is not good.  maybe it is the sheer volume of calls they must have received for this product, maybe we just called on three different days that were bad days for the reps, but they will not help you with this product for any reason.  we were told it was discontinued when we called the first time (2 weeks after we purchased it new)  it was being sold to electronics stores even when it was discontinued and not supported by panasonic!...bottom line: buy any other phone before purchasing this nightmare....we spent over $1000 total for all our phones  base stations (supply lady's decision, not mine!) and have had problems from the start.  i have been unimpressed with panasonic's products and customer service and would caution you to do more research and stay far away from this second-rate product.  ..my wife and i have already avoided panasonic products for our home because of the experience i have had at work with this panasonic product...cheers, etc
worst headphones ever!!!.i got these headphones because of the reviewsm saying how great they were. well, who ever thinks these headphones are great must out of their minds (no offense). these headphones have horrible sound quality, can hardly hear anything, they always fall out of my ears, even after i found the right earpiece. the slightest tug on the cord and they fall out. also the behind the head cord thing is really a bugger. in my opinion these headphones are the worst [...] headphones i have ever purchased
horrible, tinny sound.being a bit picky, i don't normally get something like this without being able to try it first, but i decided for the price, and based on the generally positive reviews here, i'd give them a try.  i didn't expect to have any problems with them other than fit...well, they fit just fine and were fairly comfortable for in-canal phones, but the sound quality was *atrocious*.  so bad, that i thought something had happened with my eq settings.  the highs are so incredibly tinny, and there was a complete lack of lows.  (and yes, i did have them all the way in my ear.)  i even tried them with a variety of devices, desperate to like them, but they just sounded far too bad (and significantly worse than my standard ipod headphones, i played the same song with each, and they weren't even close)...they're attractive looking and fit well, but ultimately i want my music to sound good!  or in this case bearable, these sounded so bad i didn't even want to listen to my favorite artists.  i'm going to try the senns next, the shures are too pricey for me
absolute junk.i bought two and had to return both of them.  they had shorts, didn't work, and then died all together
weak fm output and poor audio.i have owned this ipod fm transmitter for about 11 months and have used it while driving thousands of miles through many fm radio markets.  in urban areas this unit is not useable, because, despite the availability of the three fm presets, you can't find open fm frequencies in urban areas, and if you do, the unit's fm modulator is not strong enough to overcome  adjacent channel interference from city fm radio powerhouses, and typical poor car stereo fm tuner performance (selectivity).  ..if you live in the country this unit's fm performance is just fine, unless of course you regularly travel to a nearby urban area.  ..also, my unit "overdeviates"--the ippod audio is distorted on loud passages when hooked up to my dodge durango with the factory stereo installed.  when the fm transmitter is hooked to my subaru's top-of-the-line mcintosh stereo, the audio is good.  ..i believe this product is overpriced, and should be sold with a caveat:  not useable in and around major cities.
worst purchase ever..the remote is otherwise well-designed, but it doesn't work!  it loses the codes approximately every other day and you have to keep re-entering them.  get something else
quit working shortly after buying..it is great fun to play with, but mine quit working after about ten hours of play time.
deceptive specifications from manufacturer.you may want to stay away from this product. memorex claims write speeds of 15mb/s, but when i transferred/copied 600 mb of data to the flash drive, it took 35 minutes, instead of about 40 seconds. also, many files were, to my amazement, "lost" in the transfer/copying process (i.e. simply did not copy). so the drive is not only much slower than claimed, but also unreliable...ps: the other reviewer suggests that the slow speeds were due to a 1.1 usb port. that is incorrect. my computers have the usb 2.0 ports. the problem was the flash drive, not my systems
unstable-internet connection drops.i started to pass up the chance to rate this until i saw how high the overall rating is.  the user group on the netgear www site documents how unstable this card is and the dopped internet connection issue.  i agree with all those who mention ease of installing etc.- then bamm! after about 2 months, internet connectivity becomes an issue.  i had not been to the netgears users group before.  before buying this item go to their web site and search for "internet drop".  lots of customers are dissatisfied with this card-beware! i have tried lots of fixes-uninstalling/reinstalling/using the netgear mgr/using the win xp mgr-nothing seems to work. untold hours spent.  this is my last gasp-now searching for a linksys replacement as recommended by others
poor camera.  very poor software.the webcam is just like any other ordinary logitech webcam.  nothing new or great about it.  the description given by the manufacturer seems to claim that this is the best webcam in the world.  don't believe any word from the manufacturer.  if you already have a webcam, don't re-invest in this...the "face-recognizing" software is a joke.  it takes any bright light ahead of the webcam as a "face".  if two or more people stand in front of the camera, it goes crazy trying to figure out what to do and does what it can do best... hang or freeze.  i had to close the software and restart it 7 times in an hour.  i returned the webcam after using it for 2 days
very expensive and it is not worth to buy!!.i am not satisfied with this creative webcam live! motion- titanium. i bought this even of the higher cost because i thought it should be the best. however,the authomatic sensor is junk and the headphone is broken. the tracking device is not very good because each time i moved the captured picture would blur and freeze. the pant and tilt control is a pain. although it works well with yahoo messenger, as a buyer, you should consider spending time reading other reviews of a procuct that you are interested. higher price does not mean good product
doesn't work with aim.the camera works fine with yahoo instant messenger, and with the software that creative includes with the product.  but we got the camera to use it with aim which is what the rest of our distributed family uses.  alas, neither aim 5.9 nor aim triton displays anything from the the camera.  creative's support has been frustrating.  they have suggested a number of things to do if the camera doesn't work at all, ignoring the fact that i've told them where the camera does work, and that we get the same results on two very different computers.  ..the problem may be with aim, but then creative's website and tech support should just say that, instead of encouraging users to think that it does work.  i've found several entries on the web indicating others having the same problem.
buyer beware!  fits 1st gen. ipods only!!!!.the one thing that was not mention by amazon is that this case is designed and intended for 1st generation ipods only!  i purchased mine and was quite disappointed by the fact that amazon failed to mention this important fact.  although the case is made of quality material and seem to fit my 20 gb ipod nicely, the two outer buttons above the click wheel will not be accessible once the ipod is in the case.  but if all you want is something to hold your ipod, this may do the job as long as you are will to pay the listed price.  i believe you can find something more functional for a cheaper price
bad ipod case.this case does not work well with the ipod.  when in the case, you cannot work the button controls-- rewind, fastforward.  the case scratches the ipod upon inserting and removing due to the hard leather stiching on the inside of the case.  good idea, bad execution
don't pay for bits.only analog cables can possibly make any difference to the signal. digital cables either transmit the bits or not. monster would like you to think that the cool-looking connectors are worth $170, but as long as they don't fall off, this cable will be equivalent to a $17 hdmi cable, of which you can buy 5, just in case, and keep half of your money in your pocket
don't be duped into paying too much!.there is no need to buy such an overpriced cable.  they are making a fortune off of marketing and making you think you need such a cable.  just get a generic that costs 1/8th the price.  you won't notice a difference
iq3600 12 volt charger.this is the second 12 volt charger i've had. both have blown fuses in my vehicle, then the units also blew something since they didn't work anymore. garmin did send the second unit at no charge since its under warranty. i'm now calling for a third unit!!
poor quality adaptor.i bought this adaptor and found it makes a lot of noise when in use. so i asked for a replacement. the replacement does not make noise any more. but there is 10% chance it will blow your car's fuse
looks great, sounds bad.i have a 20" aquos and love everything about it, so when i needed a smaller set for the kitchen i bought this one. when i hooked it up i was very disappointed with the sound system. the sound must be turned nearly all the way up to reach normal levels and then the speakers sound "tinny". not even as good as a 15 year old 13" sony. took it back and the retailer admitted it was the weak point of the system
dead in 4 months.i bought two of these things from f.y.e and were both non-functional by 4 months. complete waste of money.
all coby products.i do not own this coby product but have purchased coby in the past. i bought a coby tv dvd combo and a coby dvd recorder. both items didnt last a year. the recorder didnt last a month. coby is a generic brand that was put out to make money by selling cheaper than the name brands. there products are pretty much disposable. use them for a little bit and have to throw them out. i will never again purchase anything from this company. you really do get what you pay for with electronics. beware!!
cheap and hard to deal with putting in dvds.do not buy this product! whatever you do, go with another dvd player. it's a real pain putting in a dvd. you need to make sure you have it clicked in right, or it will jam. i actually scratched a few dvds not getting it all click into its round motorized holder
doesn't work.i agree with all the bad reviews of this player. my mum bought 2, none of them work. wrong disc, makes noise, won't play, even store bought dvd's. very disappointing because we travellled with it for our vacation and i was looking forward to enjoying some movies. i wish i had brought the kids playstation instead
buyer beware.i have bought three of these dvd players under the impression that they were a great buy.  since that i have come to find out that i was dead wrong.  all three are no longer working. the warranty is still in effect, but coby wants you to pay $25.00 for shipping and handling to replace it. thats what i paid for the dvd player. keep this in mind before you purchase one of these
in total honesty....as i'm writing this review (sort of), i am hearing a skipping sound coming from the player...first of all, i can't really complain since i got this dvd player for about a dollar [...]. i won it from a flaming finger arcade game, but now i wish i would have chosen another prize...a.) it does make a lot of noise! too much if you ask anyone...b.) it doesn't read a dvd every once in a while, then it does for some f*cked up reason...c.) it's not worth it, no matter what anyone says. then again, who am i to judge since i basically got for free...d.) if you ever win at flaming finger, don't go for this prize, go for either season 1 of the simpsons, family guy, or american dad. or the wireless controller for the ps2, or the freaking digital voice recorder, but not this piece of [...]. the damn headphones might even be a better choice, or a ps2 video game for that matter
good price if the player worked as good as one would think so..i bought this dvd player for a friend of mine because the dvd player was very compact and selling at a great price, not to mention the player as stated claim it played dvds from all regions. to her surprised the player didn't play dvds from germany or from the uk, or from any other country, but region code 1 dvds. shortly after she played the dvds in the player for some time, the dvd player kept skipping, making all sorts of loud noises. it sounded really terrible. i then contact the manufacturer about the problem, they told me on the phone to send the player back to them, and they will see what the problem is. of course they expected me to pay for the postage to send it to them and for them to send it back after they had fixed it. it cost to much for the shipment, so i decided to get her a newer and better one that cost a few bucks more. .to all of you people who are seriously thinking about buying this dvd player better think again !! it is not worth your time, your money or the headaches !!! .spend a few bucks more and you can get something even good with better quality for your money
so bad screen.i can't understand how apple sell so much ipod video while they are so bad in front of an archos. just look at the screen and you'll understand !.archos is an hundred times better
moving on to bigger and better.i own both the ipod (5.5) and the zune - buy a zune. not only does it not scratch or get generally as dingy looking as an ipod - the screen is absurdly larger due to not having to put the brilliant "let's see how we can test our opposable thumbs wheel" navigation "aid" on the device. not to mention, the interface itself is much more attractive and the device itself has more capabilites than the ijunk. but that's me...and not wanting to have to go through another 3 day - yes - days - synch between my wma files and itunes sad attempt at conversion
poor longevity.recharge 1000 times? we have recharged these batteries 50 times at most and then they start to fall of real fast. i was surprised because i really believed they were the best way to go
work great, for less then a year.have 8 of these to use with a hot-shoe flash.  they worked great for a year (maybe 20 charges at most), then they pretty much died and won't hold any charge. better then disposables but still disappointing
poor longevity.when i bought them i was super impressed, great longlasting power. after about 2 dozen charges the longevity went south. now they totally discharge by themselves in a week or les
great product.i have an almost constant stream of guests who rapidly fill up the memory capacity on their digital cameras and/or want to exchange images with others. invariably they will not have their usb cable with them. i keep the reader permanently connected and on my desktop. this reader allows me to quickly create a cd for them or transfer images from one card to another
great when it works.......but it doesn't work for long!.i purchased these speakers and they were wonderful, but after using a few days i could not get the speakers to stay on. i returned it and amazon sent me another one. the same thing happened again. i'm returning this one and getting my money back...i think the flaw with this device is you press and hold the button to turn the speakers and the mp3 player on at the same time. after a few days of use your mp3 player will turn on but the speakers won't. too bad.......when it works it's great
no tech support, very frustrating.i bought two of these dss8+ 10/100 switches to replace two 3com 10m hubs figuring i would just unplug the 3com hubs and replace with the dlink switches and it would work great. big mistake. once i switched to dss8+, all the computers would no longer browse the network. and dlink would not help me. i phoned tech support and left my name and number. they kept me on hold over 30 minutes. they would not call me back. i wrote three emails spread out over two weeks to dlink. they would not answer me. i filled out a tech support form on their web page. no answer at all. now i'm left with two dss8+ that won't work for me. i plugged back in the slower 3com hubs and everything is working again as before. i would love to have used the faster dlink products, but with their total lack of tech support (even the courtesy to answer one of my six inquiries), i can't recommend dlink products any more
ok.these headphones are ok.  slightly too tight (i do have a big head).  and the sound quality is average.  i do not reccomend them
no bass, ok sound isolation, but doesn't beat my old noise cancellation headphones.this definitely does not have full range.  some songs i listen to have very low base frequencies.  i would have been fine if i could hear it, but it was quieter.  that's what i was expecting.  to my surprise, entire bass lines were completely absent from the songs when listened to through these e2s.  and the sound isolation is something i'm new to.  i've been using old aiwa noise cancellation headphones, which work better.  whether you want isolation or cancellation, my bet is that there's a much better product for the price, and i intend to find it
great picture ....not reliable.i purchased sharp lc-37d7u 37" lcd tv less than two month ago.the great thing about it is that picture is really great when you watching any hd programming. plenty inputs and great sound.unfortunately when it comes to reliability it's a different story.the thing that get me very disappointed that tv power supply stopped working and tv just died.... after all it is $3600 set. it's been more than a week now and sharp can not provide any resolution whatsoever..i did read similar review on cnet about the sharp lc-37d7u failing after a week but still decide it to purchase it, because other great reviews for sharp lc-37d7u.bottom line: it is a great tv if it is a working on
poor quality.this monitor has varying degrees of blur..there are also dark spots..isn't viewsonic supposed to be a reputable brand?.this unit must be a fluke -- i'm returning it for a replacement...============= update =======================..my replacement monitor is free of defects and is working perfectly..i am upgrading my rating from two stars to four stars...additionally, the amazon exchange process was convenient and fast..thanks amazon
junk monitor.i bought viewsonic va902b last month. it was working fine since i bought but today, it is broken. i called the customer service/technical support about what happened and told me to return it to where i purchase. so, i called office depot where i purchased the monitor but told me they only have 14 days return or exchange policy. i called the customer service/technical support back but the waiting period was to long so i call back again tomorrow
very poor image quality.i recently picked up this monitor and i was severely disappointed.  i was upgrading from a viewsonic va720 and *that* monitor had much better picture quality than this one...first off, the default color setting of 6500k (pretty much standard) looked horrible.  everything had a green tint to it.  the other settings looked equally as bad, with either a red or blue tint.  i was forced to switch to srgb which was the only setting that showed the correct colors.  unfortunately, doing this disables pretty much every other adjustable setting on the monitor including brightness/contrast...now on srgb, even though the colors were correct (for the most part), everything was super-contrasted and super-saturated to the point where it was annoying.  the gamma in particular was completely off.  i had to use my video card's display settings to adjust the gamma, contrast, and brightness (as i had no other way to do it).  even then i could not get it perfect.  in particular, the saturation was still bad (a lilac purple became deep indigo for example)...in addition, the slightest change in viewing angle caused a significant change in brightness (slumping down slightly in my chair the screen darkened a great deal).  i was playing a game where i had the same icon at the top and bottom of my screen, and the icon at the bottom was ten times brighter than the one at the top...another problem i noticed was scanlines.  in particular, any repeating pattern of pixels (one solid, one transparent, one solid, etc to create a transparency effect without actual transparency), such as when you highlight an image in internet explorer, caused it to go crazy.  the area would be covered in scanlines...finally, as i think a few people mentioned, there is a problem with the text being very blurry (or i think oversharpened which causes it to be hard to read).  ..overall, i was very disappointed.  i've already plugged my old monitor back in and i am returning this one.  after a few problems with my old one (not nearly this bad!) that caused me to upgrade in the first place, i'm pretty leary about trying another viewsonic product.  if this is what passes for quality, i'm not sure it's worth even considering another one of their monitors
eh.good:.software capability - i was able to use the software to find every single remote device i own and program it into the harmony. the software is deceptively complex. if you have a basic system then set up will be simple. but there are many many settings that can be adjusted by going deeper into the software...bad:.software design - as pointed out elsewhere, the more you use the software the slower it gets until it bogs down your entire system. i have 512 of ram. maybe this isn't an issue if you have a gig or so...manual - there isn't one. given the depth of the software there should be some way to know what settings there are without using trial and error...remote design - this is really the most important issue since the software  won't be used much after the remote is set up. most of the remote keys have the same feel so it's hard to operate without looking at it. most of the remote keys are small and very slippery so it's hard to operate them even if you know which key to press. the remote itself feels like it's made of teflon - it's alway slipping around in your hand. in fact, sometimes it feels like you need 3 hands to operate it - 2 to hold it down and a third to press the button. the play/pause/ff/rw buttons on the very bottom, which is uncomfortable. these buttons should have been above the numeric section, not below. ..overall:.amazing software capability but the remote is uncomfortable
remote flops.this remote does not live up to the hype.  i would not advise anyone to buy this
no longer supports tv listings.i was pleased with both remotes although on one the channel and volume buttons died but harmony in their wisdom decided to eliminate the tv listings on all their models out of the blue.i called customer support and the representative told me they were no longer providing that service and although she admitted receiving numerous complaints had no intention on restoring it..with that kind of attitude and lack of support i do not recommend any harmony product.
what planet are we on.#1 very little power. hooked up to my ipod through the headphone jack with the volume maxed on both you can't make out much from across the room. .#2 my set picks up a constant radio signal very faintly, so i have hot 97 playing all the time. when i'm playing a podcast from my ipod i can still hear that radio underneath it. not cool..#3 very difficult to access the power button (hidden in the back between two plugs). esentially impossible if you hide the large subwoofer on the floor. jbl must have stock in an electric company..#4 small bright lights on the bottom of the speakers that you can't disable. maybe that's a bonus for somebody..i haven't really tried too many mini computer speakers. i use powered edirol monitors for my computer, so perhaps these jbls are good for what they are, but man, they still suck
great, but it's breaking apart....these headphones produce nice sounds, isolate noise well and would be great if it wasn't breaking apart and i'm using super-glue to hold it together...had these headphones for a while now and love them since day one for the great sound, but the plastic headpiece holding the adjustable connecting extensions are literally breaking apart. i had to super-glued the left side so that i may continue using them a couple of months back and now i'm gluing the right side as well. these headphones are only used in the office so it's not like it was crushed in a backpack or something, only been behind my monitor since i bought them. i would recommend anyone considering these headphones to reconsider
bulky--heavy.i am a big fan of headphones. this pair of headphones in comparing with the bose is too heavy and comfortable for my ears. giving the price of the product, i guess it is ok.
speed is slow for this device.somehow this sony memory stick is awfully slower than the sandisk one i got before, it takes 6-7 minuts to copy 500m to my computer...plus this price is more expensive... there is another 512model have.a faster transfer speed, might worthy more bucks to tr
poor design.very difficult to lock and unlock--i have to hold my macbook pro on edge to get a grip on the lock while i spin the wheels.  also the mechanism used to set new combinations is a lever that flips very easily.  in locking or unlocking the lock, it is all too easy to inadvertently set a new combination...i have no gripes with the security the device provides, but it is basically unusable.  very frustrating
bad lock.i bought this lock for my laptop at school.  after locking it to my desk, it would not unlock.  i couldn't figure out the new combination so i contacted kensington, who said that they would reimburse me for a locksmith.  i ended up opening the part of the lock that stores the cable with a pair of scissors.  once that part was opened i was able to easily remove the cable and unattach the laptop from my desk.  if i could do this, any idiot with a pair of scissors and five minutes would have been able to as well
do not buy this product.as has been mentioned in several of the reviews for this product, the lock has a tendency to "forget" the combination you have set. on three occasions, i had to start at 000 and try each combination one by one until i reached the new "mystery" combination that the lock had set by itself...if the manufacturer has already admitted this defect, amazon should not carry this product
not a secure lock - read how i removed it.i bought the kensington combosaver to secure my laptop at work. the product was easy to use and the combo easy to change. i used it for about a week, and then needed to change the combination. i set the correct combo, flipped the lever, set the new combo, and flipped the lever back. i then locked my notebook as usual. at the end of the day, i set the new combo and the lock would not unlock. i set the old combo and that didn't work either. maybe i did something wrong? ..the kicker is that i got some regular wire cutters and was able to pretty easily cut through the security cable, nipping at it bit by bit for a few minutes. i was shocked it was that easy. next, to detach the lock from my laptop i used a regular battery powered drill with a regular drill bit and drilled through the end of the lock. within just 5 minutes the end of the lock came off and using some needle nose pliers i pulled of each of the rings. voila!
bad, bad...somehow, the combo got changed on mine, making for an interesting afternoon with a wire-cutters and then a locksmith.. thankfully, kensington paid me back, after saying that this problem came up a decent amount with this model... no good.
don't buy this!!!.the lock is hard to use, when you try to set the combination the numbers are very loose and the move around while you are trying to lock/unlock it.  i had mine for about 3 months and it broke, so my laptop was stuck and it couldn't move it :-
too tight.the sound quality is fine and the price is quite reasonable, but the headphones are much too tight for me, and i have a relatively small head. there is no way to adjust the tension and they need to be tight since they don't rest on the top of your head, but simply press upon your ears to keep from sliding down. better headsets (of all kinds - look at what airline pilots wear) have a pad on top..not much fun to wear for extended periods; i'd look at someting else
fooled again.once again i'm amazed at how the reviews were so highly in favor of this product.  these are terribly uncomfortable (for my ears) and don't really provide that great of listening experience. the frequency response seems muted until you use the largest possible "surrounds", and then they become distractingly uncomfortable.  but of course, this is just my experience, your mileage may vary, as they say.  personally, i found my apple ipod 'phones to be better
low quality  smells bad.i bought mine off the palm site and when i opened the package, the stink was incredible.  don't know what they used to cure the leather, but it's awful.  there's no way i could carry this around with me at work
lasted only 2 years.i've always been a seagate fan, so we bought this for our office backup. do not do as we did and rely on it as your only backup. despite excellent care and almost never being moved, ours crashed after 2 years. it would cost at least $100.00 to recover the data. we're not only not buying another one, we're never buying another seagate anything
i am iogear's complete lack of customer service.causes system hangs 100% !!! of the time, when plugging in usb 2 devices like my ipod.  100% !!!  support says "we cannot replicate your problem"!!!..this card is worthless; this company's response has been worthless; the time and trouble this thing has cost me long ago blew away the $20-40 i saved not buying name brand...suffice to say i will never buy another iogear product again
avoid etronics.i did not receive the product ordered, was given the runaround regarding a refund and still have not gotten my money back. the etronics customer service reps have called me "arrogant" for demanding my money back over two months after the order was supposed to arrive. this was a christmas present - how embarassing. ..buyer bewar
radio broke in less than a year.i researched for a portable am/fm radio to use while doing cardio at the gym.  i settled on the sony because it had all the features that i was looking for.  also,the reviews i read online were pretty good.  i purchashed the radio and was somewhat disappointed in the reception.  i was unable to get a local fm station that i really like to listen to and also at the gym, there were several of the tvs broadcasting fm signals that i could get clearly.  at first i thought it was the tv causing the problem, but after working the staff, it was determined that it was my radio, since other radios were able to get the broadcast clearly.  i just worked around these irritations.  then about a week ago (the radio was about 11 months old) the am station i was listening to just quit.  at first i thought the station was having a problem.  i switched to fm and it was working.  when i switched back to am, it was still not playing.  finally, after moving around, i was able to get the station, but was not able to hear it clearly, lots of static.  over the next few days, the problem drifted from the am to fm and back to am.  the radio is not very unreliable.  i contacted sony and worked through potential options to fix the problems.  i replaced the batteries and reset all the presets (sony's correction procedure).  none of these really helped the problem.  sony then said since it was less than a year old, i could get it exchanged.  well when i got the form to fill out for the exchange, i found out they were going to charge me $24 to get a refurbished radio.  that is pretty outrageous, considering that it cost only $39 when i purchased it new.  i told sony, why would i want to buy another one since the first one lasted less than a year...i am very disappointed in the product and sony.  i would not recommend this product at all.  i am now doing research again to find another radio, but it will not be a sony !
poor design  reception.i use the radio indoors at a health club. the reception is terrible. when you turn your head, you lose the signal. whoever did the interface design on this product needs mentoring by a hign level industrial designer. the on/off switch on the back of one of the headphones slides between the on and off postions. unfortunately, when you carry the radio in your gym bag, the fabric rubs on the switch and the radio turns on. when it is time to use the radio again, the batteries are dead and your station presets have been erased. setting the presets is a totally counter-intuitive experience.  it can't be done without the instructions, a copy of which i have to keep in my gym bag. to preset the station, you have use some very small mode and enter buttons. the function of each button is printed on the headphone in  a font that is so small and in a shade of gray that provide very little contrast with the darker gray surfaces on which the functions are printed that it is almost impossible to read the function information. when the audio is working, the quality is great. but it is very frustrating to use this radio. i owned the previous sony model of thih radio for years and loved it. it worked great and was very easy to use and program. i bought this model without looking at it very carefully expecting that it would be better, or at least as good, as the previous model. but sony disappointed me this time. i can't put up with this radio anymore. i am looking for a replacement
reception problem made it unusable.i am still in search of the perfect radio/headphone set-up for the gym.  i thought this would be the answer.  but the reception inside my gym was terrible.  trying to listen to npr's morning edition, i got more static than anything else.  if i moved my head in various directions, it would come in clearer but how annoying is that!  especially when you're trying to run on the treadmill.  so back it goes.  very disappointed
do not buy.i've had two of these televisions delivered; both of the them had cracked casings.  toshiba doesn't use enough packing material in the boxes to protect them properly.  the second tv we received was packed upside down in the box.  if just one tv had been damaged, i would have considered it a fluke.    amazon has been nice about the problem but it's not worth the hassle.  next time i'm going to the store where i can see the tv i'm buying before i get it home
do not wast your time with this product...period.i am on my second one and i will be returning this one also. both of them worked once and then would not retract fully after that. i was so mad i almost threw it against the wall. i thought the first one was a defect, but then when i got the second one i realized it was a design flaw... if you buy the targus one keep your receipt because i guarantee you will be returning it. what i don't get is how targus has the guts to release this product and also put on it: satisfaction guaranteed. what a joke..
rca 6in1 remote.this is a piece of crap.   the codes for nec tv did not work with mine and i must have pressed that button for manual code find about 500 times and still not response.   it's going back and i'll try another name brand
rco 6way remote.im with the first reviewer. this unit will operate only some of the functions of each device. for ex: it wont switch my toshiba tv's video input, this means you cant use this to switch between the cable/tv/dvd/hdtv inputs. on the cable box it wont show the guide, info or setup screens. this perplexes me and yes i tried every code to see if it would work...rca website was not even useful...look elsewhere or get a programmable unit
disapointed technically savvy guy.i'm the guy everyone comes to, to program their vcrs, digital clocks, computers, etc.  (i'm a computer sysadmin professionally, so i'd like to think i could figure this thing out; not the case).  this remote does not work for me in several areas... it only works well with my tv, sharp.  ..i have a samsung combo dvd/vcr which the remote half way works with, but will only change channels with, not power off or on or switch back and forth.  this item does not work at all with my brand new klh audio entertainment system.  i would not be so upset, but the rca website and phone numbers offer no support or information as to possible solutions, or lack there of, in a knowledgebase or something similar.  my plan is to return this unit and get the philipsmagnavox pm625s as suggested in another review.  ..the remote does have a nice design, and works great with my tv.  this may be good for the person who has one major name brand new tv and one major name brand new vcr and the same of a dvd or audio player... even then, it's risky.  thanks, and good luck
cheap.after a couple months, both buttons stopped working.  i had to press so hard to activate a "click," use became impractical.  also, plastic housing never quite fit right and kept popping off
still miss the base.2 star.i miss the bass on these. i know they are not headphones or speakers but when i listen to a bach organ tocatta i expect bass. these did not deliver even i tried to deeply insert them in my ears. they others might artificially elevate the bass. these just don't seem to make it. also, the bass in a band is felt in more than the ears so you don't need to have bass as much in headphones when in a band as when doing something else. ..3 stars.1 week later later.i am getting use to the earphones. i do not know who needs breaking in me or them. they are definitely the clearest sounding pair. i still miss the bass and mid range but less now. they take more care in regards to putting them on then the old pair i have. i am not quite happy with the price. it seems a little high. but i am beginning to like the earphones better. .i am looking at the e500pth pair. the shure e500pth has 1 tweeter and 2 woofers; one more than this pair. this should help in regards to better mid-range and bass, i hope.  ..2 days later. finally received the e500pth. this earphone does have the lower frequencies. also, it fits my ear better than the e5c. the pth option make a neat microphone with the aaa battery installed. i am finally happy with the e500pth. i would say if you are ready to drop the cash for these i might actually go for the e500pth. it is definitely a better sounding device. there was good reason to add the second woofer to the earphone.
don't waste your money.i bought the shure e5c after reading some reviews, and based on using their phono cartridges for years.  there is no bass with these phone, even when i get a good ear seal.  i wrote to shure explaing the situation and their customer service did not have the courtesy to respond to the message.  i then called the 800 number and just got the run around until one of the representatives stated that a new model was comming out shortly and would fix this problem.  that does not help me now and by sure i am not going to waste another $450.00 on a lousy product from shure
lacking earbud headphones, even at half price.do not buy these headphones. they dont fit well and have pathetic bass. for the same price you can get the stellar sennheiser cx300-b earbuds (amazon has them for $47 right now but i got mine for $40) which have awesome clarity, bass, and construction, and the cord wont fall apart like sony's earbud models
go with the sony or other brands.i end up returning these due to the fact that it's very uncomfortable inside your ears, and the sound quality is no better than my ipod original earphones.
uncomfortable, better stick to the originals.these headphones were a collaboration between altec lansing and etymotic. basically, altec lansing took etymotic's technology and design and changed it slightly...unfortunately, the change was bad. i'm comparing this to the etymotic er-6i which costs roughly eighty-five dollars at amazon. the worst part is that the part of the headphone that the earpieces attach to are at least double the diameter of the ones on the er6i. ..this wouldn't be a problem with most headphones, except these headphones are designed to be pushed deep into the ear to create the isolation and seal that the etymotic headphones are renowned for. as a result, you can feel the plastic stub (that the eartips attach to) on your ear, and that is uncomfortable...it is like i can feel a hard plastic tube in my ear. the er-6i does not have this problem at all, since the stub is much smaller in diameter...i returned these headphones after a couple days of trying to get used to them. i have since bought my 2nd pair of er6i and have not looked back
do not buy altec lansing im616.quality of phones: sound is good if you don't mind hearing your own footsteps and every other sound that the wire captures-very poor insulation of connecting cord..but worst of all is consumer service at al.  my phones came with a coupon for free earplugs.  numerous attempts to redeem it met with "try again in a few days".  i retried many times and then was told the coupon "expired".  major dishonesty and waste of time. all email and phone calls to us based support were ignored. phooey.  with so many good products out there, why bother with a company which is careless with its interaction with the consumer. buy the etymotics! i've talked with the folks there and they care about you and their product
incredibly disappointing.well after several days of research and much trial and tribulation i decided to purchase these at the local "big box" electronics store - they are going back in the morning.   i consider myself quite the audiophile although headphones are not my bag, at least not until i recently spent several thousand dollars on mac systems, i-try-my-pods  laptops and thought "what the heck, let's give personalized listening a try again"...being a consumer of high-end automotive systems i like my sound live and responsive.   at home, i prefer my infinity multi-speaker (3 per channel) surround system and my deep, rich velodyne bass.  hate bose, there's simply nothing there for me.  with this in mind and being a bridge and tunnel commuter in ny for many years with a cd player screwed in my ears, i wanted a headphone that blocked some noise while giving more than decent sound quality...unless i got some broken-down return item (it was sealed) the sennheiser px 200w are simply awful.  i first tried them with my laptop and an actual cd - no good/  then to the ipod (it's white supposed partner) and even worse.  since this was basically where i wanted to use them, i didn't even try the portable hand-held dvd player although i did slip a dvd movie in the laptop and nothing better came of it.  overall the sound "highs" gave an a chill, very screechy and undefined.  on the lows, i had to go through many, many songs to be sure as the bass was dull and sounded like it was over-amped!  it's just disappointing, they had such average reviews and for the price, that was all i expected, but it's simply not there...on the style, they are "cool".  took me a while to figure out how to get them out of the case from the factory without breaking the cord.  they fold up sweet and there is a built-in cord winder on the uniquely designed case - the top of which folds around and i'm sure i would break in a week.  getting the phones back in the case is a chore and the ear cups have to be queezed in - perhaps this is why they state "easily replaceable ear cups", you'll probably need to after a short while...well it's back to the drawing board.  i popped on an old pair of collapsible aiwa hp-a260's and they sound a heck of a lot better than the sennheiser's.  maby on up to shure's next
never got it to work right.after spending 4 hours on the phone with people i couldn't understand or hear, the router worked a few times, but would suddenly just drop the internet and i would have to go through the whole setup process again to get it to connect. i finally got it to work, but when i tried to add a d-link range extender, the whole system went down never to be revived even though i spent another 2 hours with support. i finally boxed up the router and returned it to amazon and bought a netgear that worked perfectly the first try and connected perfectly with the d-link range extender. i will have to say that d-link support worked hard to get it to work except one tech that i had to rebuke when they tried to dump the problem on dell
the 85pc tool kit.a good chunk of items in this tool kit i had to throw away because it was worthless.  there is a mini vac that really sucks (no punn intended) and it gives you a mini flashlight wich is also crappy (mine never worked in the first place).  if those items were left out this kit would be amazing as everything else in it is great
so not user friendly.i've had this case for more than a month now and never figured out how to open it without using a card or a pen to slide under the front cover to open it. finally, i decided to break one of the 2 the small parts on the front cover edge that slides under the oposite side to secure it close, and guess what, it finally can open it easily
very poor design.i don't think the designers at palm were awake when they designed this case. i'll have to wait for an alternative to come out, as the case that came with the palm invites static and the leather case does not work well. i am willing to put up with a bit of difficulty to have a secure case, but this is ridiculous - we've cut our fingers, dropped the lifedrive - it's not worth it. save yourselves the trouble and just don't buy this
not so hot....while this case does protect my new lifedrive well, it unfortunately is extremely hard to open each time i want to use it! this attribute makes it extremely annoying to use. so, it might just be easier to buy a case from another manugfacturer, or use one of the leather casings, which i am sure would work just fine
one word...don't buy it!!!.my first disappointment with palm product. i am loyal palm customer. i am hugely disappointed with the hard case because as said it is almost impossible to open it. secondly not worth to buy it. ..one word...don't waste your money..not even one star
drive died after 3 months.i bought this item in march (not from amazon), with the 5 year warranty. worked fine, until it began making a clicking noise, described elsewhere as turning the drive on and off. when the drive was making that noise, it would no longer be detected by windows. if the drive was making the noise at startup, my system would hang, so i would have to unplug the drive (it's a secondary). i could reboot a couple of times and have a quiet drive that was recognized, but it would go south again. i even installed a fan blowing directly on the drives, thinking it might have been a heat issue. no change...contacted seagate's tech support, and was told that the drive was under warranty (thankfully), but they had none in stock, and i would have to wait 7-10 days to see if they would recieve any more. although they did waive the fee for the "advanced" shipping option for me...so i have a dead 3 month old drive with no prospect of a replacement for the immediate future. i think most businesses, if you had a problem with a product under warranty that they did not have available, would try to make it right somehow, usually with the next step up, or an equivalent item. not that i'm demanding a different/larger/faster drive, but i am perturbed that my only option is to wait for them to have some available. ..a drive like this in a retail box should not fail after 3 months, and a customer should not have to wait for the manufacturer to "get some in". very curious, this... i have another seagate 160gb drive in my system right now as a non-boot drive. i'm waiting for the other shoe to drop. back to wd for me..
zero stars not allowed.not the same number (mine st3200826as) but still seagate 200 gig drives... two failures after a week with each. third one is now on the way. avoid large seagate drives. the web is full of horror stories. but i do not know which large drives are better since i see terrible reviews on most... i guess large drives are not ready for prime time especially for large file work
monster is a advertising firm period.monster states that you need gold connectors cause copper corrodes, this is true. but they don't tell you that the same contact that was made between your speaker cable and speaker binding post is now taking place inside your new plug. has monster some how defeated science and found a way to create an oxygen free environment inside their products that prevents corrosion and thereby signal loss. no the only thing they have defeated is common sense. put your cable in a good spade lug and drip some solder in the tip. cheaper and scientifically better
should be about 25 cents.monster is a master at bamboozling gullible people into spending wads of money with no scientific-audible justification. audio isn't a religion and these are not holy water. they don't work any better than cheap connectors, and they don't work any better than using the posts that come on the back of the receiver to attach your wires...just gold? why not platinum, or astatine?..women think that diamonds are the thing, men think it's high-priced wire with banana plugs. at least you get to look at the diamonds
good backpack, bad zippers.i've had this backpack for a little over a year now. it was good for most of that time but a little over two weeks ago, when i was zipping up the main pocket (that contains the laptop), the rubber tab you use to pull the zipper closed broke off. i was a little upset but since there were two zippers i didn't worry about it. then, the next time i opened the bag with the second zipper, the second tab broke off as well! now i'm stuck fighting the zippers to open and close them on the most used compartment of the bag...another problem with the backpack is the reflective material the white stripes are made of. after about 6 months of use the material started flaking and falling off. now, it's nearly gone from around the main compartment. all that's left is a little bit on the bottom of each side. it isn't really a big deal but worth mentioning...i carry about 15 pounds worth of stuff in this bag, my pc tool kit and laptop. other than that i have a few cables. ..this is my first laptop backpack. i own a regular backpack that i've had for 6 years that i paid 20 bucks for that is more durable than this one...at first i thought it was a good backpack and would've given it 4-5 stars but i expected more out of it.
bag does not fit 17 inch.i just went through the trouble of taking the description of this bag as its word .which was that it would fit a 17 inch computer. it does not and now i have to send it back. do not order if you have a 17 inch . now i have to go through the trouble of sending it back and am back where i started with a laptop with no bag for school
kensington has better products.i bought this based largely on the mention in time magazine. my wife got a contour by kensington. overall the contour seemed to be much more sturdy with more space and a far more comfortable padding system on the back. i sent mine back and got my own contour and i would recommend you do the same
this card stinks.i bought two of these cards, along with the netgear 824 wireless router.  stuck the cards in separate win xp boxes, and immediately started having system freezes and blues screens of death on both boxes.  i will never buy netgear stuff again.  prior to this i was running linksys 802.11b, and i really regret not sticking with linksys
ugh!.got this installed today along w/ the pioneer deh-p58000mp head unit at best buy...plugged in the ipod, check mark shows up on the screen, and....nothing...i can't even control it on the head unit...sometimes, if i'm very lucky, the check mark screen doesn't come on for 30 seconds or so and the ipod actually plays (it's at the normal ipod screen), then once the check mark screen comes on, complete silence...i have a 3g 10gb ipod and as far as i should know, it should work...the head unit is also annoying b/c if you put the mp3 cd on random and want to skip songs, it unrandomizes  plays the song right after it...so if you're like me and you skip songs a lot and like to set it on random, it doesn't work...i think i'm returning both tomorrow..
doesnt improve picture.before i purchased this powercenter hts800, a problem i had was when i would turn on my dvd player or ps2 or surond system, you would see the interference it caused when turned on and off.  i cant even watch tv with having the surrond system on because it created such annoying interference.  my main problem was certain channels had snowy interference, lines going up and down and overall noticeable interference.  these channels were the ones my programs came on and liked to tape.  i was sick of looking at a dirty picture so i decided to look at what monstercable offered as a remedy already knowing that its the most expensive but has the reputation as being the best there is.   so i found this powercenter hts 800 and read the description and customer reviews and made the choice of spending the money because of the positive feedback. i also thought that my problem was also caused by the coax cables i used so i also ordered 3 monster standard thx certified f-pin coax 8ft cables to replace the ones i used.  i recieved the powercenter first so i  hooked it up to my tv, dvd player, vcr, surrond sound system  ps2.   also took the main coax cable into the powercenter hts800 coax in and my no name brand f-pin coax cable from the powercenter coax out to the vcr in and my no name brand f-pin coax cable from the vcr out to my jvc 27in flatscreen tv.  i had made sure all the wires were not touching or close together in any way for all the components buy using twisty ties you use for plastic bags etc. and a staple gun to seperate each wire in back of my entertainment center.  absolutely had no difference in picture, everything that was happening before was still present so that told me that this product was no different then the yellow power strip i've used for over 10 years.  complete waste of money.  but when i recieved the f-pin coax cables a few days later, i did a quick experiment to convince myself that the powercenter hts800 was complete garbage.  i unhooked the powercenter from all my electronic components and rehooked up my old yellow power strip.  then i replaced all f-pin coax cables with the new monster cable coax cables.  again i had made sure all the wires were not touching or close together.  bingo!!!!!!!  no more dirty picture on my favorite channels and all other channels.  it was clearly the old coax cables i used that caused the picture interference.  also, i could now watch my tv programs with surround sound because the picture interference that was caused when my surround system was on for watching regular tv was gone.  the new monstercables solved my problem.  i highly recommend monstercable for their cables but not the powerstrips they make.  they are no diiferent then a belkin or no name brand
too dangerous with kids around.nice item, but due to the way it hangs on the wall (i am lead to believe this is to help cool it) the weight pulls the top of the plug out the socket enough to expose the top of the electrical pins. i've uploaded a photo. this is not acceptable in a household with children
very disappointed.screen is blurry around the edges and corners, most obvious with text (i.e. espn sports ticker, movie credits, etc.).  equally bad for satellite/cable tv, dvd, and playstation.  perhaps i should have returned it, but i had to destroy the box to get it home.  i do not recommend this tv.  get a samsung instead
these stink!!!.i am on my second time around with these headsets.  the first set i lost sound in my left ear, and because i loved the comfort and sound quality (i thought it may have been a fluke)i bought another set. big mistake!! they also lasted less than a year, and i lost sound in the right ear. don't waste your money!!!!
works great...for a year.well, it was a great buy for the first year. after that it started loosing sound in the right ear. i figured i could live with that. now it looses sound in both ears on and off. i go from sound to nothing to one ear all the time. it is the most annoying thing i have ever experienced. buy a better headset and don't spend the money twice
u.s. ridata - no email contact.since amazon was running an excellent sale on this product i tried to email ridata at the us califonia hq in california at the address given on their website for a response to my qc inquiry on the recent poor reviews. at least for today my isp kicked back the email saying for the given ridata address (email server) would not accept the email and that this was a permanent error. i guess i'll pass until i hear more positive results
ritek ridata media - i have burned over 2000 of their dvd-r and....in the last 4 spindles of 50 that i bought, all with the same batch number, one spindle had 12 disks that showed shallow physical dimples in the polycarbonate. burning these disks resulted in one of three scenarios:.. 1. the burn failed, with the burned track obviously ending where the dimple began.. 2. the burn succeeded, with the dimple showing up as a slightly darker area on the disc, apparently due to error correction being able to write "around" the dimple.. 3. the burn succeeded, but in addition to case 2, a "track" of unburned dye appeared as a circle which passed through the center of the dimple...since all the spindles had the same batch number, it seems extraordinary that only one spindle showed these flaws. all of the spindles did however show some variation in the color of the dye on the unburned disks, appearing as faint splotchiness. examining a spindle of 100 taiyo yuden disks showed no similar splotches...i will buy no more ritek media.
bought based on great review - very disappointed.i purchased both the dvd+r and the dvd-r types of the ridata dvds.  in both cases, i have experienced about a 33%+ defective rate.  my prior batch of ritek and memorex was closed to 3% to 5%...the first set of 100 - the coating material for the writing surface caused the discs to stick to one another.  i wonder if the coating caused the high defect rate...i then opened up the second batch and found the discs to not stick to one another.  the defect rate is lower at about 1 out of every 5...i bought these discs based on the price to value.  i would not recommend this brand to you
not too good..i had many failures with burns using this media. i will not be purchasing more of this brand - the price is cheap, but the per-unit cost once you factor out failures is quite high
poor quality discs from a poorly run company!.i have bought and used ridata blank dvd's both + and - r many times in the past without problems until recently.  as i was looking around for the lowest price i couldn't help but notice how many negative reviews had been given to the discs lately due to coasters from poor manufacturing and wondered if i should try the brand again.  the price was right and my past experience was good with this brand so i ordered the discs.  when they came in i decided to look through the entire 100 spindle disc by disc to see if any defects were present like many other reviewers were mentioning.  out of my 100 discs 13 of them had defects that were noticeable by looking at the dye on the writing surface.  some had chips missing where you could see through to the label side, some just had freaky looking smudges on the discs, and some were scratched badly.  so i got the number for ritek/ridata from the customer service of the website i ordered the discs from since the phone number on the ritek website does not work, and called them about the problem.  they told me that they would replace the bad discs if i was willing to send them all using ups insured shipping (they accept no other method ie: usps, fed ex, etc which would be cheaper), which of course would cost more in shipping than the cost of 13 discs.  the employee told me that i should keep them and when i order more to stack them up until i had enough to make it worth sending in.  this tells me that ridata knows they are making poor quality discs and they expect you to get bad ones in every spindle.  they could at least stand by their product enough to send out free replacements instead of making you pay to ship them back, this is very poor customer service.  ..the second problem i encountered with these discs is that they will not honor their mail in rebates.  my spindle of 100 had a $10 mail in rebate that i filled out and sent in with all the required information the day that i received them.  two months later they send me a letter indicating that they will not honor my rebate request due my not sending in a receipt, purchase date, purchase location, and an invalid postmark date.  this is complete bs and all of this was included in my envelope i even took pictures of each one of these things being put inside, and shows what a ripoff this company is.  i don't even know what an invalid postmark date is supposed to mean since i sent the rebate form in well within the required time frame.  i know that definitely in the future i will never buy discs from ritek/ridata again no matter how cheap they seem because they are producing low quality discs and will not honor rebates or replacements.  i have never bought a spindle of dvdr's or cdr's by any other company before that had any manufacturing errors per spindle, and i believe that a 13% error rate is unacceptable.
canon abandons its customers.i bought the larger canon cd-300 printer less than a year ago for $400. now, canon says they will not create an xp driver for it. that is an extremely poor customer server.  anyone making pc-compatible hardware has to be prepared to support it for a reasonable period after they stop selling it. canon promotes their printers as microsoft windows compatible, but the cd-300 doesn't run on the only version of windows that microsoft is selling! that is deceptive. i own a canon digital slr and digital sureshot. because of this clear example of how little they care about their customers, they are the last canon products i will purchase. today, instead of buying photo paper for my defunct canon cd-300, i bought the sony dpp-sv77. it's a great little printer with a pop-up display for much less than the canon... and sony has great customer service
take care which camera you have!!.i bought this photo printer in order to print photos from my canon digital camera powershot s20. but unfortunately i cannot use it with this older canon model. so now i am stuck with this photo printer without ever having tried it
i also can't install it on my german car.i also purchased the gtm 10 for use with my nuvi and i have a german car (audi).  the installer tried to use an adapter but finally had to give up as he said that none of the adapters worked.  guess i'm stuck, but reading some of the other reviews, it appears that the real time traffic interface doesn't work that well anyway.  i love the nuvi though
bad description on amazon.i don't know how this device works, because i can't install it in my german car.  amazon fails to say you need a special connector for european cars, which costs $50.  amazon also fails to say you will need to spend $60 a year, after the first 15 months, to subscribe to a traffic radio service that will make this device work.  if you travel a lot, you may need to spend $60 many times over to get the radio signals in different cities.  misleading advertising
ok product but the insurance promise is a scam.i used tripp lite surge protectors for years, and when running a computer networking and repair business i recommended them to all my customers.  one attractive feature was the claim of $50,000 insurance to pay for any electronic equipment damaged while connected to one of their surge protectors.  after 15 years of using, selling and recommending their products, my house was hit by lightening and most of my electronics: computers, tvs, stereo, etc were fried...i contacted tripp lite to file a claim for the computer components that were damaged as these were the items connected to the isotel surge protector.  i sent in the isotel, which i tested prior to sending back to tripp lite (i am an electrical engineer, bsee cum laude uf 1994) and verified that the isotel was also damaged and no longer funtioning correctly.  tripp lite sent back a letter denying the claim and stating that the surge protector showed no damage and was functioning properly, therefore any equipment attached could not have been damaged due to improper function of the isotel...now, since the equipment in question was connected to phone and power lines through the isotel and had no other physical connections to any other wiring, network, etc then there is no other way the lightening surge could have reached the computer (ignoring emp and other unlikely events).  also, i do have to wonder why tripp lite sent me a brand new isotel, when their own letter stated that the old unit was fine....so, buyer beware.  the product is much better than the [...] surge protectors you get at the local discount store, but do not depend on their much touted insurance
very dissapointed with the product.the unit which i recieved is not working at all.
great unit. really bad customer support..i really want to give this guy high marks. i did alot of research before i bought it for my husband for christmas, and the reviews looked very good. my experience has not been so good. when it works, it works great. has easy to read screen, clear voice commands, simple navigaion features...  unfortunatly, it has failed to work often, and trying to get garmin customer service help is next to impossible. ..1st problem. it would not accept personal poi's. when i tried to get technical support via internet, they never answered my email (21 days and still no response), when i tried to phone i was on hold 24 minutes and was then disconnected when i got a human (yep, some cussing going on then). still can not add poi's...2nd problem. the 12 volt cord does not seat well into the unit, so if there is a bump in the road... the unit disconnects and has to be turned on manually again, and find satellite reception again. an ongoing annoying problem. i am not sure if this is a problem common to this unit, or if my unit is defective. i intend to ask garmin when i eventaully get customer service...3rd problem. the unit stopped working totally. well, i should say, it no longer gets satellite reception. i have tried to get ahold of garmin. sent them another 3 emails... still no reply. called their customer support number (toll free number rings busy over and over) so called their non-toll free number. on hold 36 minutes. was told it was a busy day and could they call me back. left message (5 days agao) no call back. called back again 3 days ago. on hold 30 minutes. finally got ahold of a human (not in the customer service department so she could not help me) she transfered me to the supervisor... who allowed me to leave a voice mail. still nothing to date.... ...so the moral to this review: garmin customer service is not good. when the unit works, it seems to be great, but it only really worked 2 months. since garmin requires a return authorization number to get warranty, and the only way to get that number is to get it from customer support, i guess i have a fight ahead of me.
quality control.i was very disappointed with the garmin streetpilot 2620.  it kept trying to find its way home to hong kong (7343 miles to destination).  it also didn't follow my commands to program it otherwise.  it sounded like this would be an excellent unit, but evidently lack of quality control is a problem at garmin.  i returned the unit to amazon and they were very efficient in crediting my account
great price/poor performance.i picked up this charger because it claimed to be compatible with my g5 video ipod, it isn't. the price is great, the design is nice, the biggest flaw is that it doesn't do what it is supposed to do, charge. i'll keep trying to fiddle with it but for now i am quite disappointed. buyers beware
ok except......i like the phone except for one really bad problem.  the handset does not fit properly on the phone, it is too easy to incorrectly place the phone on hook (you think it is on hook, but it isn't).  i have had the phone a couple of months, and this problem has rendered my phone line dead (no dial tone) about 10 times now.  when my other phones don't work, i have to go put the handset of this phone back on properly.  never had this problem with any other phone
absolute junk.this was by far the worse purchase ever it didn't even work out of the box, and the construction is so flimsy, it's pathetic.  oh and fyi the instructions are so vague, goodluck understanding em.  i think my 6 yr old niece could have done a better job writing the instructions.  do yourself a favor and avoid this piece of junk at all costs.  buy a nostramos n52 pad not as many buttons, but much much better over all
headphones.we aren't able to use these on the motorcyles at all. the radio stays keyed because of the sound of the pipes on the bike and ours aren't all that loud.
disappointed.purchased system figuring it would be better than my old siemens 2.4 ghz system.  unless you live in a tiny house, forget it.  bad reception from as little as 20 feet away.  also, handsets cannot be named so you have to memorize where handsets are by number when paging or transferring calls
overpriced.as for digital technology, monster cable has once again ruined the marketplace by greatly over estimating what their products are worth.  the great difference with the digital output/inpt devices compared to analog is simple.  if the digital signal reaches the device it needs to it can't be any more or less clear.  because your digital signal is comprised of "0's" and "1's" if you can see your tv or hear the music then what ever cable you use works-  there is no distortation across digital signals, so don't pay the extra money- in fact you shouldn't need to spend more than around $30-50.
left side stopped working after less than a week..i used these for biking. they were ok for a few days, minimal wind noise, but the left side just stopped working after less than 4 hours of use.
not for etrex models.this case is not for etrex models, it's huge. you could put two gps in it...in the case it says that it is for many garmin gps models, but nothing about being for the etrex model
poor support and lockups.i love the unit...when its working...software problems in the beginning and was transferred to "upper level" support who told me i should replace my new dell xps 600...i eventually fixed the problem...then frequent lockups...emailed tech support...responded in 24 hours with a test which i performed immediately and emailed back the results...two days later and no response...called customer support who stated that they were sending out new unit in two days...four days later got an email that logitech was processing the order and that the new unit would be delivered in 5-7 business days...all my equipment is in a remote location so i must go to other room to change channels, volume input etc.  logitech doesn't seem to care...i'm presently on the phone waiting for tech support and have been holding for 20 minutes thus far...good luck if you buy this one...
battery cover blues.my zen nano's battery cover broke within 1 month of purchase date.  the construction is very flimsy, and if you do your research before purchasing you will find that this is not an uncommon problem.  i wish i would have researched a little more before i spent my money on it! :-(..i wouldn't recommend this product to anyone.
quality way worse than canon photo paper pro.i just bought 2 packs(200 sheets total), after first print, i saw the photo has very low resolution in the dark color and high contrast part. i compared the same canon photo paper pro print with hp one, it's way better than hp premium photo paper. canon photo.paper pro print quality is exact the same or better than photo lab develop..so, spend your money on something better quality than hp premium.photo paper. i will never buy another hp photo paper again
great range when it stays connected.listen folks......if belkin made a defibrilator and you had a heart attack......you would be six feet under by now...garbage.....if you really want to buy this i suggest you rip your ears off with pliers before you do...much more pleasant experience...nuf said?   thank you :
belkin n1 or bellsouth dsl modem.daily i have to disconnect the modem and belkin n1 to access bellsouth.net.  i strongly suspect it is not the router, but the modem; however bellsouth tech advises to disconnect both for at least 60 seconds.  all active lights are lit on both, but the pc advises "cannot find internet connection"
terrible technical support!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.the range and throughput of this router were awful.  i bought it to replace an aging linksys wrt54g, and was absolutely appalled at it's performance.  after spending almost three hours on the phone with technical support people who were not even as knowledgeable as i was and who barely spoke english (obviously outsourced to india), i gave up and decided to send it back.  amazon did a great job with the return, but the router is not worth the money, effort, or trouble.  stay away!!!!!!!!!!!!
junk.i have had nothing but trouble with this router.  it constantly lost connection with wireless and to the modem.  it would take me several reboot trys to get it back up and running.  i recommend that you purchase another brand
wireless connection constantly drops/hangs.pros:  the visual display showing status on the front is very handy - but it doesn't reflect reality in most situations.  it does, however, let you see the unit boot.  user interface is straight forward and well laid out.  updates are very simple...cons: i've loaded two different firmware/sw versions on this unit.  the first version would lockup anytime i browsed a remote computer file system more than 3 directories deep.  the latest version is significantly worse.  it has the same problem and additionly, the wireless unit shuts off after 10 minutes or so, requiring a power cycle to get it restarted.  the on-line support is pathetic (just fw downloads, no faq or knowledge base at all).   only the latest fw version is posted, so once you upgrade, you can't go backwards.  performance with the belkin n card was not noticeably different from other systems with generic 'g' cards...overall, a tremendous disappointment.  i'll update as i continue to work with their technical support for a replacement/refund.
poorly designed.the designers of this phone obviously weren't thinking of how a 2-line phone system actually gets used...cons:.* corded base unit always picks up line 1, no matter if someone else is already using it.  even if line 2 is ringing, it still picks up line 1.  useless...* cordless handsets do not pick up the ringing line when lifted off the charger base.  i have yet to own a cordless phone (single line or multi-line) that can't handle this small task.  at least the cordless units hang up the line when putting them back in the charger base...* call volume is neither "sticky" nor stable on the cordless handsets.  the volume you set will eventually revert to the previous volume setting, or else change to a different setting altogether...* no customer service.  calling the customer support phone number included in big numbers on a separate yellow sheet so you are sure to see it gets you . . . nowhere.  the automated support system doesn't even recognize the model number number of the phone, and you can't talk to a live person...pros:.* never got that far.  after discovering the call volume problem, i packed these useless things up and took them back
not worth the effort.i deciede to get this ipod because my mp3 player stopped working. it is a pain in the neck to even get the songs you want on the thing. when i tried to do this all it did was just put random songs from my libary on it because it has only 1gb of storage. i went to itunes help about how to put songs on my ipod and i follow the directions but it did not work. after the second time i plugged it in to my computer it said that the ipod was damage and i would have to go to there website and refresh the dam thing. speaking of itunes it took them more then a day to put my wma music files into it which consists of 4gbs of songs. also it takes itunes longer to copy cds into your libary. i checked back at a cd i was coyping and after 20 minutes only half of the cd was copied. another thing that bugs the hell out of me about is the wheel you use to navigate the ipod. what also gets on my nerves is that you cant put batteries in it, apple does this because the want to make money on the replacement of the charger on your ipod. luckily i got this at target which has a good return policy. i have a very slow computer and all but windows media copys music files way faster then itunes and is alot easier to use. ipods can be very expensive with all the stuff you have to buy for it and it is stupid that you cant put music on it you got from other music sites like napster. my advice is to get a cheap mp3 player becasue they all break down anyways or stick to portable cd players.
very hard to setup with i tunes 7 in windows xp.i am a microsoft certified professional, it took me 3 days to finally make my ipod to sync..first, i downloaded itunes 7, but then i couldn't install it with error 2793..that was it, only error code, no communications..i tried to re-downlaod itunes, uninstall it and re-install it. still not working..so i googled to find itunes 6, which i was able to install. then it didn't suppor this version of nano..after all these, i finally found the answer on apple.com, obviously, this must be common issue for them..i have to go to microsoft.com to download the newer version of visual basic script. then modified my windows registry entry to apply this vbs..after all that, i was then able to install this stupid itunes 7...then, it wouldn't found my ipod. it shows up in windows, but not in itunes..so i had to go to apple.com to try everything they suggested, still no goal. btw, apple has a long list of how-to instruction on how to fix this known issue...on the third day, i gave up and brough the ipod with me to work, installed itunes on my work pc..then it finally recongized my ipod, but it said my ipod had to be restored. so i tried to restore it..then itune kept saying that it couldn't find my software update server, which was installed by itune as a package...i had to uninstall itunes, re-installed it again, then this time it finally worked...i usually charge people $25/hr to fix their computer problems, if i have to paid for someone to fix my ipod, it will cost me over $200 to make it sync with my computer...it really sucks
i am unable to verify its ultra high performance.~i bought the mvsv3-1m cable and put it between my pioneer v555 dvd player and sony wega tv kv-27fs12, i was unable to see with my naked eyes any improvement regading the visual quality, color, sharpness. same as the result as i used the composite cable came with the box. i really don't know why. i have to say, my tv is a good one and the picture quality is already satisfactory even i don't use dvd player. unfortunately my dvd player does not have component jack to let me try the next level video~~ experience. i don't want to say this expensive cable is a poor one, i was just unable to verify its alledged ultra high performance. we just don't have a benchmark to evaluate it.
the controller universally sucks.problem one is you need to push the buttons hard.  the controller also wears out quickly.  the next thing is it won't hold a code for more than a few minutes.  i am constantly typing in 1002 for my sony tv.  rca sucks.  directv shouldn't allow rca to make products for them.  i have three of these pieces of junk
heats up to a dangerous limit.beware !! it is a good webcam in the sense that, the picture quality is good. but it heats up like anything. i used it for hardly 30 mins and it heated up to a intolerable limit. ..i had to disconnect...biswaji
bad sound quality.this product is a nice idea, but the sound quality is bad. i use a mac g5 and get a nice clean sound on the speaker when directly connecting to the computer but the background noise jumps when using the switch. i don't recommend, unless you have a low-end system with a big noise floor already.
optical trackman fan.i bought this cordless trackman to put in my office,.i have two optical trackmans (not cordless) at home,.i've been using them for more than 2 years now...the placement of the ball does feel awkward: the .ball sits in the way of your middle finger. after .little use it started to give me wrist pain. the .trackman wheel has the ball under the thumb, which .is far more comfortable. i'll let you know if i .get used to this new setup...the drag-lock button is stuck, it does not click. .after a little bit of inspection, i found out that .it has been pushed in by the transparent packaging. .i'll be returning this one for an exchange. i hope.this is not a common problem
wes-51  soldering station is a toy..this unit was replacing my 20 year old weller tc 201 which operated flawlessly for hundreds of hours of use. after a couple hours of use the wes-51  stop heating. i sent it to weller for warranty  repair and they returned it with a new soldering pencil. a month or so later the whole unit just died including the digital display a totally differen't problem. in addition to the breakdown it also has some design flaws being ,the metal barrel which is push fitted into the plastic pencil holder keeps coming loose when any lateral pressure is applied (ie) desoldering. .its really is a terrible iron , find a used tc 201 on e-bay and stay away from this one
one of the worst pieces of garbage i have ever owned.i'm an a+ certified tech who previously worked for compusa's corporate support staff, so i am very familiar with a wide variety of hardware.  this usb device is by far the worst i have ever dealt with in terms of usefulness, connectivity, and problems.  i have previously used linksys's routers, both wired and wireless, and they are some of the best routers on the market.  however, they seem to have a big problem when making wireless adapters...i purchased the linksys wrt54gs wireless router with speedbooster, and so i tried to by the same capable cards for all computers in the house (5 in total currently).  i was lead to believe by the staff at a local computer store and linksys tech support that using linksys branded devices with this router would enhance the capabilities of the wireless network, in terms of range and coverage.  i have now found that to be a complete distortion.  there are two laptops in the house, one of which has a built in intel wireless (that worked fine) but i decided to purchase a pcmcia linksys card because it was advised that it would enhance the range of the device.  it did not.  i recently purchased a second laptop custom built by alienware, and at the advice of a local computer store, opted to leave out the built in intel network card, which was a huge mistake.  the alienware laptop does not have a pcmcia slot, and only has a "express slot type ii" of which i can find no card from linksys that functions as a wireless card...the usb device wusb54gc constantly disconnects, especially in the room that i use it, it has constant problems. it reports a usb2.0 socket as not being one, and then i plug it into another one that is usb2.0, it works fine (reading as usb2 socket) i have used linksys drivers and windows drivers, and (overall) i have found the linksys drivers to be mostly worthless, this is including on all the wireless adapter cards i have installed.  i have attempted to troubleshoot this problem with any networking site and forum you can name, as well as linksys and others, to no avail...i would not recommend this device to anyone, even if you have successfully used other linksys hardware.  this device is absolutely worthless, and i won't spend another dime in my life on any linksys adapters.  their routers are fantastic.  unfortunately, i cannot say the same of their adapters
screws up your logon.i couldnt figure out what happened to my login profiles.  its a real problem, i have no idea why it does that.  i thought some virus was involved. the adapter works well in its functions but they have no right to mess with your logon screen and accounts. why?..linksys should fix, i would buy another adapter until they resolve this faulty software...i'd return it but it is too late. since i was new to pc, id used macs and i had installed and removed alot of software from my new computer, i didnt know what cause the lack of multiple user account screen...i'm sure a hacker could fix the problem but for many people this will be a big hastle.  i'm obviously annoyed since i reinstalled lots of software trying to fix it.  i also didnt suspect that a driver for a small device would do that...im giving it one star for my pain and suffering
beware windows xp users : wipes out user login screen.beware!  if your os is windows xp and your computer is configured for multiple users who use login screen of windows xp, this device will disable user login.  linksys support will not provide assistance as they say this product was designed to purposefully prevent use of multiple user login interface built into windows xp.  search the internet on:..linksys wusb54gc windows xp user..to see many descriptions of this problem
again, monster has to be kidding (and they are).for some years i tried this and other monster products, to the tune of over $1000 in monster a/v gear. the more you learn about video and audio, the more you'll avoid anything with the monster label. specifically, this s-video meets no ntsc, dvd or ieee standard; it is common 30-ohm hookup wire with ineffective shielding and a poorly designed, low-conductance connect plug that can wreck your input jacks and gives poor grounding. has a sharp image, but includes a catalog of chromatic aberrations from off-color skin tones to color blotching, dirty grays, burned highlights, murky shadows, noisy reds, and poor color balance due to impedance mismatching that results in cyan errors and bleeding reds. makes video test patterns look great, but who watches test patterns all day? amazon offers many other brands at good prices, why waste your $$ on this stuff? i removed every piece of monster from my system and replaced them with ar, belden, viewsonics and others from amazon. result: vast improvement in every respect.
i am unable to verify its ultra high performance.~i bought the mvsv3-1m cable and put it between my pioneer v555 dvd player and sony wega tv kv-27fs12, i was unable to see with my naked eyes any improvement regading the visual quality, color, sharpness. same as the result as i used the composite cable came with the box. i really don't know why. i have to say, my tv is a good one and the picture quality is already satisfactory even i don't use dvd player. unfortunately my dvd player does not have component jack to let me try the next level video~~ experience. i don't want to say this expensive cable is a poor one, i was just unable to verify its alledged ultra high performance. we just don't have a benchmark to evaluate it.
keeps humming along.should be zero stars.  bought to use between a dvd player and an old tv.  this thing produces an orange tint picture and a "hum" or static sound so loud that you can forget about hearing the content.  i tried this on two different players and two different tvs - it was universally horrible (hum was constant on one player  intermittent on the other).  bought this at a local store - should have checked here first.  just swapped it out with the philips unit which works great for about the same price
piece of junk.bought this because it was cheap, but the video quality is poor and an awful humming noise drowns out the audio!  i then bought a philips rf modulator for $16.  the video and audio quality was superb!  do not buy the terk mini modulator.
do not buy.this product absolutely does not work.  there is a constant buzz in the audio and the video has bright streaks going through everything.  heed the advice of all of the reviews on this product and get something else
disappointing performance.i bought this modulator to hook my new dvd player up to a 10-year old tv.  it was $5 less than the regular modulator.  there was a consistent buzz in the audio and an occassional green streak across the screen.  i thought my television might be too old to handle the digital video, so ended up returning the dvd player.  i decided to try a different player with the same modulator, but i had the same problems.  finally, i thought maybe a regular (not mini-) modulator might help.  i got the regular $25 terk modulator and my dvd player works perfectly with my television.  this one might just be trying to stuff too much hardware in too little space
unuseable.my garmin cs60 will not stay attached without rubberbands. to add insult to injury the service people at garmin have not responded to two         e-mails. do not buy this produce untill garmin actually tests it in the field and comes up with a better system.........fyi i love my garmin cs60. just not for bike use.
i wish i had read the other reviews first.i'm not sure why the other reviewers are so charitable, given that they indicate the product does not work properly without help from rubber bands.  my gps fell off twice over small bumps on the first ride.  imagine the horror of seeing your $400 gps bouncing down the road behind you....there is no reasonable alternative to mount the unit on the bike, so i will cross my fingers and use two strong rubber bands to augment the unreliable item purchased from garmin.  it couldn't cost garmin much more to produce a good bracket mount..having said that, the60csx is really tough and designed for abuse.  with all the skidding and bouncing, it only has a few scratches on the corners.  the display was protected by the design of the unit (it is recessed)
garmin 60 bike mount.be careful with this mount.  use the lanyard as a backup.  gps can and will come loose from bracket.  i also use 2 livestrong bracelets to hold gps in place.  the mount broke in two last weekend an inch  1/2 from top.  just ordered a replacement.  i hope garmin has improved design. this bracket was purchased 9 months ago.  it has aproximately 2000 miles of road bike use on it. the garmin 60 cs is one tough unit.  it has hit the pavement more than once and only has a few scatches
the radio shark not ready for prime time.i sent the radio shark back because it is not yet ready for prime time.  the first obvious thing to do, is to turn it into an ingenious, cheap parabolic antenna on a swivel mount.  that way you will get exceptionally good reception for a particular station -- the one you are trying to listen to.  we humans can only listen to one radio station at a time.  only an idiot would try to make it look like a cadillac tailfin..secondly, it has to be user friendly.  the people designing it need to test it on people they don't know, and who are unfamiliar with it (or anything like it) -- and don't blame its faults on the people who are trying it out.  blame it on yourselves.  if you want to cheat, reverse engineer an ipod.  the ipod succeeded because it is user-friendly and the others were not.  if you don't want to put the effort into it, then do something else -- but don't design rocket guidance systems.  you might hurt yourself.
software disappointing on the mac.i have had no problems with reception in the oakland ca area but i am very disappointed in the software that is provided (even the new v2.0.1).  first - it is not as elegant as other best of category mac software like unison; acquisition;  or delicious monster.  2nd - the whole method of seting up shortcuts is poorly implemented.  3rd -  it does not work with the user switching mode in osx meaning anytime you actively switch users on the computer the applicaton records dead air.
great idea rendered useless.this would be perfect if it could receive any radio stations..when i first bought this i lived in an apartment and got fairly good reception on several channels. then i moved about 2 miles away and i can't receive anything now. ..a way to hook up to an amplifying antenna would be a good idea here. as it is it is useless
poor reception, even in the heart of seattle (but worth a try).the most basic capability of this device is receiving radio signals, and in this area it gets just 1 star out of 5. in seattle (eastlake ave, lake union area), i get just a couple fm stations, and 2 or 3 am stations. luckily npr (94.9 kuow) comes in very well, otherwise i'd have returned it...the user's guide is informal but clear, and the set-up on a mac/g5 was easy and quick. the software is quite good (no problems at all). griffin follows apple's itunes shortcuts, which is nice attention to detail...if only this device would receive more radio stations (seems pretty basic - how long have we been doing radio?!!) it would be a winner. ..i'm glad that i have this - and will keep it - since it gets my #1 favorite station. ..it's a worth a try, but keep the packing materials as chances are high you'll need to return it. good luck
radio shark is terrible.i bought this product a bit ago, and was surprised on how poorly it performed.  i hooked it up to my computer, and it only got 1 radio station!!!  the radio shark itself is one of the worst receptors i have ever had any experiance with.  i have a crappy little alarm clock close to my computer(with no antenna), and it picks up like 15 or 16 stations.  so unless you live very close to your most favorite radio station's tower outpost, i would not recommend this product for anyone.  you will be very displeased that you wasted all that money...i guarantee it
10 of mine were broken, too.maybe a whole bunch of these were dropped. ten from one corner of the package were broken. they are not very sturdy. the price was good though
cheap cost and assembly.the cases are are a good price but almost half arrived broken.  not such a good buy when so many end up in the garbage
very dissapointed.after using these headphones for a little over a week i've definately decided buying these was a big wastse of money. sound quality when playing music is good from low mids to lows but even with the eq in my mp3 player maxed out for high mids to highs reproduction of these frequencies is definatley less then desirable. voices tend to sound muffled by lower frequencies and songs typically don't sound full or lively. volume does not get very loud, seemingly due to to the extra impedance noise canceling headphones have. .   as far as noise cancelation goes this is where i  feel as if i've really been ripped off. i have no idea what makes these headphones any different from anything alse you could put over your ears to create a barrier between your ear and the outside world. there is minimal difference that i can notice, after testing in many different sound enviroments, with the headphones on and off my head. wearing earmuffs or even putting my hands over my ears seems to result in the same net effect of the so called noise cancelation of these headphones. i've tried them in around my house, in a busy automotive shop, along a freeway, working at the computer, in a room adjacent to where my wife was watching tv, and many others and i've noticed very little impact made by the noise canceling headphones..   in defense of the headphones i have not yet used them on a plane where maybe the noise cancelation will seem better. also i've only used the phones with an mp3 player and a discman for music, if you were using a device with greater power output than these players the volume level may become acceptable. all in all i wish i never wasted the money on them though
i thought i was crazy, but no!.i bought these headphones for use during flights.  sound was good, noise reduction worked quite well, but if the left earpiece moves slightly out of place, a horrible howling noise rattles your head.  reading other reviews, it turns out this is quite common for this model.  i can't figure out why, but it seems it somehow generates its own feedback loop and goes out of control unless they're really snug against the ear.  why only the left ear?  who knows!  sony engineers should really show their face and explain why this happens.  i don't have much of an issue with comfort as other reviewers do; i still haven't found a pair of headphones one can wear for hours straight without discomfort, noise cancelling or not.  ..my recommendation:  if you can dish out an extra $150 or so, go with the more proven bose headphones.  if you're on the cheap side, go for the basic jvc $50 set.  this middleground sony product is really hard to recommend - not cheap, yet with a major failure that most less-expensive sets don't have.
unreliable driver (xp).nice knob. bad software. usually does not start when os boots. if it does, it won't last long. you have to constantly reinstall the driver to make it work for a while. yes, griffin is a "mac" company and yes, pcs suck and all - yada-yada...  none of the other usb devices i have fail like the powermate does though.  hey, griffin, hire someone who knows how to make the damned thing work, ok? tech support is no help. this product has been out long enough for this problem to have been resolved. they obviously aren't concerned
does not work with new inte dual core imac.no response from griffin tech support.   very sad.... great product if it worked with my mac.... but it does not....
yes it pulses and glows, but....i have powermate v1.5.3 for a couple of days and i already have several problems with it.....1 - when i installed it i had a message telling me that a new version was available... i downloaded it, but when i double clicked on it to re-launch the installation i get again the same message telling me that a new version was available. it is endless.....2 - when i put my pc to hibernate, the powermate doesn't always come back to life after switching on again the computer. i had to re-install it completely to make it work. ..3 - when i reboot my computer, the powermate icon in the system tray appears with a black sign on it telling that it is not active, and it is not active! so i have to unplug/replug the usb to make it active.....4 - and ultimately i am still expecting an answer (or any sign) from griffin technologies support about these major issues...ps: i installed powermate on windows xp pro sp2
junk..the sound was pretty bad, but i was willing to overlook that for convenince's sake.  but then the usb jack broke (the socket came unsoldered and fell into the unit), forcing me to get batteries.  and then the doo-dad in the battery compartment that holds the batteries in (the spring-thing) snapped off and i decided it wasn't worth it anymore.  i'd return it for a refund to sentry, but that time and effort is worth more than $20...all-in-all, a very unsatisfactory experience with a junk product.  i'm now looking for something better
mediocre, you get what you pay for.fortunately i didnt pay much for this.  .it steals the altec lansing look, but definitely not the sound.  ..bass - severely lacking..treble - too tinny..at the loudest volume, with ipod turned all the way up, it still is pretty weak.  it'll be useful for some music when i'm out doing some yard work but otherwise it's not very attractive for true listening purposes
microphone did not work.the microphone did not work in the unit i was sent.  i guess you get what you pay for...it is not worth the 12 dollars i spent to try and find a way to return these.  very frustrating
actually it is not a noise-canceling mircophone..this product works good with yahoo messenger, google talk, skype, etc., but it is not a noise canceling phone
buyer beware - it's not an ac adapter..there isn't much information on the detail page, so it's very easy to make the mistake i made and think that it's an ac adapter for the zaurus.  it's not.  you have to take the battery -out- of the zaurus to charge it with this charger. that forces the zaurus onto backup-battery power, which doesn't last long.  so this charger is completely useless unless you want to buy a second battery, which is another fifty bucks
horrible card, bad signal.i rate this card 1-star. it has a weak signal. where netgear saw 6 networks this carrd saw zero. i had trouble making it see my two routers. changing channels and searching for the right one helped at one time. but i tried it recently, and it just couldn't find my wireless router on any channels. (the laptop was very near the router) so i replaced it with netgear and all was fine. was a cheap move on my part to buy this one in the first place. not that cheaper always means worse, just in this case it did
this thing has real problems.ok, i installed it and it worked flawlessly with wep.  then i went on the road and again it worked flawlessly connecting to a public wi-fi without wep.  when i got home, with the same configuration as a week earlier it wouldn't connect.  it either tells me the wep key is incorrect (which i know it's not as i had another machine that connected just fine) or that the wep key must be ten characters (which it doesn't).  i even installed it on an other laptop and it gave the same error.  and, i put the other laptop's card in and it connects just fine...also, it likes to think that the 64bit wep key must be ten characters long, which it does not...the real conundrum is why it worked fine under wep and then stopped working.  i am stumped...also, i did a google search for the error message it gives and i find a half a dozen postings on various boards with the same problem
not a happy shopper.i recently purchased the above item and in turn received another remote in its place after the seller emailed me back to say this is not the item anymore, but i am now out of $16 for an item i don't want, so this is not the item you're purchasing
guide / info buttons only work with dss/dish network sat.attention digital cable subscribers, steer clear of this one. while it has buttons for guide and info, they only work when you are in quot;dishquot; mode. the light doesn't even flash on this remote when you are in cable mode for these buttons! ludicris! luckily i bought mine from best buy, so i didn't have to pay shipping to send it back. :( plus, it's large and ugly... 'nuff said
huge..the product information lists the measurements for this unit, but if you are like me measurements probably don't help you much.  this mp3 player is huge.  one reviewer wrote that it would easily fit in his hand or pocket, well so would my cell phone and guess what they are practically the same size.  compared to some of the sony and samsung units this thing is a cadillac..the sound quality is very good, but not better than my wife's samsung, which she can easily clip to her shirt or put in her pocket.  putting this thing in my shirt pocket makes my shirt sag and putting it in my pants pocket . . .well, you get the idea
complete rip off.the garmin gpsmap76cx is very disappointing. garmin recommended this unit after i contacted them about wanting a gps i could transfer from my boat to my car and vice versa. it was more money than i had expected to pay but then it looked like it had everything i needed and although i knew i would have to buy a bluechart map i was assured these were readily available on micro sd card. i was assured that the included metroguide europe software had detailed maps of the uk and therefore i would not need to purchase additional maps for using in the car. however when the unit arrived it became clear that the metroguide europe software does not do "auto-routing" (you can't get the gps to find places and direct you to them) unless you have first worked out all your routes on a pc and uploaded them to the 76cx unit. if you want the 76cx to behave like a proper automotive gps unit you have to purchase the city navigator software which is another ?150! this seems completely crazy as dedicated car sat nav units are available for this price with auto-routing and all the bells and whistles as standard. the fact that garmin didn't include the city navigator software rather than the completely useless metroguide software seems very mean spirited to me. at this point i was starting to feel a bit ripped off so i thought i would just buy the bluechart micro sd card and use the 76cx on the boat, and probably buy a proper dedicated road gps separately. however when i tried to buy the bluechart map on micro sd card i couldn't find anyone in the uk who had them in stock. garmin will only sell them directly within the us and eventually when i found someone who said they could order the card for me they said it would be "at least 10 days" to get it to them and it would cost 50% more than garmin charge their us customers! after contacting garmin's support team i was told to buy a blank sd card and the bluechart map on cd - even more expensive! the bluechart maps are also for quite large areas which is useless for me as i only have a small boat with a 10 mile range so really wont need such a large area but still you have no option to just buy the bit you need - you have to purchase an entire section! all in all this unit is fine - the screen is smaller than i would have liked and there's no voice directions, it also feels a lot flimsier than i thought it would, but the additional costs of maps and poor availability of pre programmed micro sd cards mean this is incredibly poor value for money - i really regret buying it now and wish i had done more research.
a terrible horrible no good very bad printer!.this is one of the worst hp products that i have bought in 13 years!  it is flimsy, has no output tray and the photo paper feed jams.  even the hp technician told me that, for the money, i should upgrade to the 5100 series -  which i did.  for $50 more my hp 5180 is conversely the best hp product that i have ever bought -- and an elegant compliment to my new imac 24"
scan quality is a problem.i agree the printer looks nice... nice size... easy installation... no problem scanning... until... i had to scan a newspaper article for a client.  at 200... i could not read the type... at 300... still could not read the type... at 600 still could not read the type.  finally, i switched to my husband's epson and got great quality on the first scan.  so.. i am now on my way to return the printer/scanner and order an epson instead
incredibly disappointed.this product is terrible. all i heard was static, even if i placed it next to the car stereo. i ended up returning it and purchasing the road trip one. it costs more but i haven't had any problems with it
bad quality of sound.probably due to local circumstances (i used this product in moscow, russia) the quality of sound was so poor (as noisy as a far-away radio wave) that i stoped using this transmitter
didn't fit new nano.this product is not compatible with the new nano.  doesn't line up/fit the base connectors
very stylish but weaker were it matters.the first itrip nano was defective (continually flipped the ipod nano between play and pause and could only be halted by unplugging the itrip). griffin's email tech support was easy to reach and responeded within 24 hrs. after several go-arounds about requiring an original purchase receipt (it was a present!) and describing the symptoms just one more time, they agreed it was defective and should be returned for replacement.  ..two weeks later, a new one arrived and it worked! simple to set up and use right out of the box. i like the design, looks and ease of use. ..other reviewers have noted the itrip has a weak transmitter. around the home, my receiver picked up a strong signal from 10-15 feet away. that may be ok but it's not where i plan to use the itrip. in the car, there were spots in the front seats and dash were the signal was too faint to be useful...they've also noted that the itrip drains the ipod nano's battery rapidly. i didn't realize how fast that happened, though. my ipod nano plays through ear buds for 15 hours on one charge. when attached to the itrip, however, that drops to about 1 hour. unless you've got a separate car charger or drive only a few minutes a day, you may not find this performance satisfactory. ..all this considere, the itrip isn't for me. i'm considering an fm transmitter that will charge my ipod nano at the same time its playing in the car
defective product.i was surprised at the defective product i got.the display was not working at all.i had to return it
good functions, bad display.i bought this calculator a few years ago for a finance class, and it was easy to use and performed well. i am now taking some other classes that require present value calculations, so i dusted off the calculator. it worked for about a week before the display started malfunctioning. i bought new batteries as other people did, but that is not the problem. i also reset it in the various ways described in the manual, but the display was still malfunctioning. it is very disappointing since the calculator was not actually used that much.
please do not waste your money....i have owned this calculator for 3 months and the dispay is no longer working properly.  parts of the numbers have "burned out" so only parts of the numbers show now.  at first i thought it was the batteries.  so i bought replacements and that was not the problem.  it is now completely useless.  at $30, this calc is 10x's more than what a basic calc costs, so that is no excuse for such a poor quality product.  please read the reviews - they all say the same thing.  i was a fool for buying this.  i hope this will help you
does not work with rc 930.this extension requires one of the following wireless phone jack systems: rca rc 926, ge ge926 or d916.  (per packaging).  it does not work with the rca rc 930, which amazon is bundling with it.  don't buy it with the rc 930
customer service.i thought i ordered both receiver and transmitter, had to re-order by phone. they told me they would send me a r.a. by email and i never got it now i'm stuck with two orders
caution - not compatible with rc 930 wireless modem system.i wanted to add an additional extension to my rc 930 wireless modem. this was the only rca extension unit that i could find so i ordered it. i now know that the rca wireless phone and modem systems are not compatible. rca confirmed this over the phone and also said that the modem extensions are not sold separately
rc920 wireless phone jack system..this system did not work for me. when i answer the phone it works for about a minute and then shuts off. the indicator lights on the base and extension are still on steady indicating the system is still on but no sound comes through. with the line still open, momentarily hanging up and picking up again restores operation but then it shuts down again in about ten seconds. i called their help hotline and after performing all their automated corrections with no results i got a live person. he didn't seem to know anything other than to send it to their repair station. but when two brand new units fail in exactly the same manner, it isn't a matter of repair
too much static for data use.we've tried several different outlets and cannot find a combination that doesn't give us a buzzing in the background.  the static is great enough that we cannot use it for modem or fax machines.  beware
not crazy about these.the sound is good but the fit is very funky.  i cannot figure out the twist to  fit system.  there is no illustartion in the package or at the sennheiser website.  i passed these around my office and asked a bunch of tech geeks if they could figure out how to fit them properly into my ears and no one could. my ears are pretty average looking too. also - the cord is about 7 feet long.  this is absurd!  i have had to gerry-rig it up with twist ties so it doesn't hang down between my feet and trip me when i am running...also - that green color is super ugly
coby 5" lcd color tv.performance of this unit was very poor. out of 8 regular stations in this area i could. pick up only two with any clarity. this was in spite of much manipulation  of the built in antenna. it would probably work better with a cable connection- but who has one of these available at an outside event
this is not what you get.this page is not correct. the company i ordered this item from sent,instead,an xd pcmcia ii card adapter rather than the fuji compactflash xd card adapter for xd-picture card...this was a great disappointment as it arrived the day before my vacation and i was unable to find a replacement for what i needed.
freezes computers.i tried the dwl-g122 usb adapter in two laptop computers - an ibm thinkpad and a sony vio.  in each computer, the adapter worked for about 5 minutes whenever i activated it and then caused the computer to freeze for about 20 seconds, then unfreeze for 5 seconds in a repeating cycle for as long as the adapter remained activated.  i tried a belkin wireless usb adapter in the same two computers and it worked flawlessly.  i also noticed that during the 5 minutes the d-link unit worked in each computer, it its link speed was substantially lower than that of the belkin unit.
drops connection.this usb adapter is wasting of money and time. originally i wanted to upgrade my 11.b adapter to 11.g adapter, so i bought this one.  it turned out a bad bad decision, the speed fluctuated so wildly, and drops connection several time an hour.  and the distance betwen the adpter to the router is only 6 feet downstairs
very low range.bought with my d-link wireless router, range was terrible.  replaced with d-link pcmcia and had no issues.  wouldn't recommend
wpa does not work.i have a di-624 router from d-link.  needed a wpa capable device for my windows 2000 pc, so bought a dwl-g122 on the presumption that d-link would have done interop tests on their own products...nope: just got off the phone with d-link tech support.  took 2 minutes for him to authorize a product return. he refused to acknowledge that is is broken, but stated that wpa support is "unstable" with the dwl-g122
waste of money.i bought these headphones in the hopes they'd be similar to the rca headphones that came with my mp3 player.  they didn't come close.  they have no flexibility, and i was unable to fit them comfortably around my ears.  i ended up buying another set from another brand.
might want to try before you buy (although with headphones, that's easier said than done).first, the good: sound quality. i'm no expert regarding headphones, but i had no issues with the sound on these...now, the bad: i found these headphones to be extremely uncomfortable after moderate stretches of use. after 30-45 minutes, my ears would be in pain from being pinched under the pressure of the headset. and my head isn't particularly wide...secondly, after less than three months, the connection has gone bad. they sit, useless, in a bin next to my computer. i didn't even use them that much before the wiring flaked out on me...of course, most people seem quite satisfied with these headsets. maybe you will be, too. but the comfort issues and flimsy connector can't allow me to recommend them from personal experience
wrong item described, will not work with this unit.item was wrongly described by amazon, will not fit unit that i purchased it for at the same time. unable to find correct one on amazon.
wrong item listed on website--did not fit.i did not get full credit for my return, wrong item sent to me, may not purchase from amazon agai
it does not work with need for speed pc game.it seems that this game pad was designed only for first personal shooting game. it is not for driving simulation games!!! i tried to follow the instrudction to configure it for several hours. but i have to admit that the feeling of all the buttons and sticks is very smooth.
waste of money!.this was the only thing  i have purchased from amazon that was really disappointing. i bought this for a road trip i was going to take with my children because i figured it would help pass the time. the dvd player worked only one time! one use! after that, the screen was just dead. i tried charging the battery, using the car charger, not even the wall adapter would get it to turn back on. i will never purchase a product made by audiovox again. i'm glad i didn't shell out more than $125.00 for it. amazon should really check the product it sells, especially electronics, to make sure they work before shipping the stuff out to their customers. it's disheartening to be expecting something good and getting crap in exchange for my good, hard-earned dollars
product died after 6 months.i bought this dvd player for my son to use in the car.  it worked fine, at first--sound wasn't great, but all in all--he was pretty happy with it.  for no apparent reason, after 6 months the screen went very, very dark.  i called the audiovox customer service "hotline" and was told that i could get it repaired for a flat fee of 93$.  so...beware--the quality of this product is suspect.  i guess the old adage holds true...you get what you pay for
terrible customer service.i received the product quickly from amazon, just in time for our long trip with my toddler.  unfortunately, the carrying strap for the bag was broken (the plastic clip cracked) so i called audiovox customer service and asked them for a replacement.  after being disconnected three times, transferred to their trade show department voicemail twice, and speaking to two different customer service representatives, audiovox told me i had to pay for the replacement part, and the problem was amazon's, not theirs.  clearly a defective product issue is theirs under their warranty, but with dreadful customer service like that i decided to return the product.  i cannot speak to the performance of the product, but if i could give less than one star i would just based on my experience with their customer service
better than nothing, but not much.i am disappointed in the quality of the sound.  i have used it in two different cars. one has an average radio, the other a bose radio.  neither car sounds very good.  there is  distortion from the signal if you turn the volume to an inspiring level.  if quality of sound is important, do not buy this.  the transmitter is simply not strong enough.  ..i am not satisfied and regret spending the money for it.
low pitch hum unbearable.i have two major beefs with my unit, which i've had for about 7 months:..1) about 60% of the time, there is a low-pitch hum that occurs independent of the frequency, ipod being used, or vehicle being used.  the noise makes my music unlistenable.  the noise is accompanied by the frequency display flickering...2) as the unit has aged, the support arm and all of the pivot points have become loose and the thing flops all over the place...i have sent an inquiry to griffin support and have not heard back yet (only been a day or so).  when the unit works, the sound is as good as expected for fm.  but i only get it 40% of the time
not for music enthusiasts.cool features, but just not ready for prime time.  does not transmit clear or loud enough sound on my factory ford stereo.  really bummed that i spent the money for this product.
problems with two different units.i bought my first lt30hv lcd tv in december, 2004.  after about 8 or 9 months i would continually lose the picture.  after several discussions with customer service (they had me try various things to correct the problem), they decided to ship me a new tv.  i received it in early october, 2005  everything was fine - at first.  about 10 months later, the set started going black after it was first turned on  i had to turn it off  then on again.  over the course of the next couple of months, this problem got progressively worse.  now, i sometimes have to turn it off  on 10 to 20 times before it will stay on.  so, i have had two sets -- neither of which worked a full year.  also, i found out that the second set that was sent to me was a refurbished set.  i have spoken with technical support and customer service on many occasions but they refuse to do anything about it because it is "out of warranty"
over priced tv.i use this display in my line of work. the quality is generally above average if not that great. the color is not as bright or vivid but the ability to receive and play hd programs does let one peek into the future of digital programmings and that itself is an enjoyable experience. ..the lt30hv has considerable weakness in the dvi mode, often the display will exhibit no picture or incorrect color scheme, 6 months to a year after opening the box. for the majority, this would not be an issue since only very few consumers use dvi mode to watch tv...however a larger concern is that there has been a number of tv that exhibits a water mark patch behind the display screen, the size can vary from 20% to 50% of the screen. this slight discoloration can take the fun out of having the lcd tv. ..for the price advertised here, it is definately not worth it.
lack of useful technical support.problem was that the component video input (ypp) was non functional.  i did not find it possible to contact a real person at technical support and the "phone tree" menu is impenetrable, probably by design.  the email input option for requests resulted in an insulting,lame response to the effect "if you connected your tuner to the ypp input, it should work."  i would not have requested assistance if it had worked!  the component video output from the same tuner works fine with another hdtv i own
be an educated consumer!  you don't have to spend a lot for *digital* cables.you don't have to spend a fortune on expensive cables when you are dealing with digital signals.  keep in mind that all digital interfaces have error correction built into them. did you know the internal components of consumer electronics are connected with tin and nickel?  there's no gold inside!  so there's no need for oxygen-free, gold tipped, multi sheilded, super mega supreme cables.   if you don't believe me, buy this cable and a no-name cheapie.  compare them for yourself -- you will see no difference...with analog signals, a good quality cable may make a difference (although the difference is usually only visible on an oscilloscope).
dont waste your money.a $10 cable does the same thing.  do not believe the hype.  monster is overpriced and people are starting to realize it.  its digital, 1s and 0s.  either it reads it or it doesnt.
great product, terrible cost..have you ever heard the saying that something would cost you "an arm and a leg"? these cables cost that, your first son, and bidding rights to your estate. don't get me wrong- monster makes great cables. let there be no confusion on this point. but they're just incredibly expensive, and this is made much worse with these cables...several people have pointed out that the digital signal on hdmi cables must adhere to error-correction and certain standards (even a $10 cable cable must meet some specifications to even reach production)- and this is largely true. unless bluray implements new features that require new cables at some point in the future, there's really very little difference between hdmi cables. yes, the gold-plated pins and other features will improve your connection a bit, but the improvement will be far less than you'd see between any other "cheap" versus "designer" cables on the market...but monster cables really are made to a standard that makes some difference, and that's worth mentioning. this cable is built sturdy, so that none but the most harsh of treatment could ever damage it. and the shielding isn't just the usual electrical shielding- monster cables are toughened to the point that i wouldn't doubt if they're certified against nuclear fallout. if you have the money to blow and you want the confidence of knowing that your entertainment center could fare well in an emp strike, you're looking at the right cables...but for nearly all consumers, these cables cost 4x as much as alternatives, with no real plusses. at the very least, you can pick up a mid-grade cable (sony, etc) at a mid-grade price ($40) to get the increased sturdiness and the gold-plated connections. and over these products, the monster cables basically have nothing at all except their branding. please do look up a cheaper alternative this time, and spend some of the extra money on an extra set of whatever tools you use to keep your screen clean. you'll get much better results with these tools than you will worrying about $100 hdmi cables
dumb dumb dumb.what do they say about fools and money?..hdmi uses tmds which is a digital transmission system with built-in error correction. tmds has been designed to work over cheap cabling and a $10 hdmi cable will meet the specification. if you spend 9 times more on this cable than another one then you have just wasted $80. that's all there is to it. ..you don't need expensive shielding or gold plated connectors for a cable. the picture or the sound are not richer or more vibrant with a $90 cable over a $10. in fact the signal is identical. let me repeat - hdmi ( dvi-d) devices talk digitally with error correction. this cable and ones like it are for suckers only.
way too expensive.this is nothing more than a vga cable with different plugs. it is a rip off. gold plated connectors or not. use your compenent connections for near same quality image for one tenth the cost
not for ipod mini!.do not purchase this item if you have an ipod mini. despite amazon's claims that it works for "ipod or ipod mini," or receiving my recorder it was clearly noted on the packaging to not be compatible. indeed, on plugging it into the mini, an error message was received. poor form, amazon
i guess you get what you pay for.this is a well priced and attractive piece of equipment.  but judging from my experience and that of some others, the quality control must be almost completely lacking.  i setup my new simpletech usb drive and backed up my entire desktop hard drive using the included software with no problem.  immediately after, my desktop stopped recognizing the drive.  i tried it on my laptop with the same results.  the drive was not recognized.  so now i have my entire hard drive backed up on the simpletech with no way to access or even to erase the information.  sure simpletech will replace the drive, just send it back with all my information on it.  no way.  so now i'm stuck with a useless brand new piece of equipment.  beware of this brand
absolute junk!.i recieved my drive. i ignored the poorly installed on/off switch.  when i plugged it in, i got a bunch of error messages and my pc stopped running correctly.  i called tech support, they never tried to examine the problem, they immediately knew i "got a bad one"  there must be a lot of "bad ones".  i'm sending it back and bying "good one" from somebody else
think this one through.1. this worked for me and transmitted forty feet, but only after i attached a spool of copper wire to the antenna, after prying open the case. i had to adjust the wire till reception cleared. otherwise it was static. before the copper wire, i had static in an fm receiver one foot from the griffin rocket antenna...2. if you have a wireless router, the transmission from the griffin rocket may interfere with the router's transmission. i only know the router does not drop connections when i turn off the antenna
beware of installation problems.i bought this unit as a perfect addition to my computer music writing - but it will not install on my compaq presario computer. after many weeks back and forth with griffin tech support and hp/compaq support, and postings online, still no success. it installs in minutes on other computers, and other compaqs, but not mine. time for a refund which griffin is happy to provide. 5 stars for griffin tech support, though
beautiful item....that doesn't work..this could potentially be fantastic if it worked...but it didn't even come close.  i got zip.  bupkis.  nada.  if it had cost a bit more i would have returned it, as it was it was just a lesson in "try before you buy.
week signal.it took a couple of hours of fiddling with this device to actually get it to transmit.  once that was worked out, the signal was too weak to give good sound quality on either of the stereos in my house.  one of which is 15-20' away from the transmitter.  .  i had this hooked up to the usb2 port on the back of my computer (ie, no usb hub), so it should have been able to get enough power.  i would prefer it if they at least offered the option of using a power adapter to get more signal out of it.
in-line unlike others.i was disappointed by this purchase. unlike a regular inline volume controller that integrated with a pair of headphones, this does not amplify the sound coming from the device...so if the device has a poor sound and volume range, this does nothing to improve it...if i could return it i would
dismal.this is one audio purchase that i've never stopped kicking myself for...bought it when i was just getting into audio and didn't know any better...the e150 is just horrible, doesn't go low enough (claims to do 25hz but realistically probably just touches 35-40hz) without resonating and booming like crazy.  it's kinda sorta ok for movies if you're in a small room and put it in a corner but for bigger rooms and music listening it's just a cryin' joke.  i keep having to get up and adjust the gain knob, there's an excruciatingly narrow "sweet spot" above which you get buzzing and booming, and below which the darn thing is pretty much inaudible...and this elusive "sweet spot" changes from one type of music to another!  maddening...what i wish i knew then that i know now: in the under three hundred dollar range you're best off going with the 10" dayton subwoofer from partsexpress dot com, or save up for a 400-600 sub from internet-direct subwoofer specialists hsu and svs
beware... it's another dual-band device.this one looked so good, so i went to circuit city yesterday to take a look.  right on the box, it brags about using 5.8 ghz and 2.4 ghz to provide the best performance.  seems that all the so-called 5.8 ghz devices built by v-tech, including those v-tech builds for other companies like atamp;t, are dual band.  beware, if you are worried about interference to your computer wireless network
quality is important, unfortunately, monster is not quality.one thing i read once and now believe...reserve about 10% of your home theatre budget for cables (if you are spending or plan on spending $5000.00 on tv, surround sound, speakers, etc, then plan on spending about $500.00 for cables...but, monster cables are overpriced, pieces of junk. i've spent a lot of money on cables and used to get monster cables. i've had numerous cables fall apart in my hands, had ones that introduced video and audio noise and were actually worse than the junk cables that come with a component...that coupled with the fact that monster cables is suing everyone on the planet that uses the name monster in it (including monster garage, monster.com, etc), i would stay far, far away from them!..invest your money on good cables, but not monster
only fits some laptops.we bought this lock to use with a new 13.3" macbook. unfortunately, it doesn't fit properly in the macbook's security slot. it did fit into the security slot of some older laptops, but we're going to have to buy one from another maker in order to secure the macbook
dual layer coasters.i got a 25 pack of these dual layer media on sale and over half of them have read errors...dvds freeze and skip making them useless...never agai
2 out of 6 didn't work.i bought 6 disks (2 boxes) and 2 of the disks wouldn't work
it worked after the firmwares update.i'm writing this because i had most people's problem. it just wouldn't work. i followed the advise and updated the firmware and it did the trick, i just went to my computer's online support website and downloaded it. i'm putting 2 stars because of all the trouble i went through. i think this, being apparently such a common problem, should be at the very least mentioned somewhere in the product, so people don't have to do a whole research trying to figure out what's wrong
is it crap, or is it memorex?.3 discs sold in jewel cases so they can charge a zillion dollars for $.10 of extra plastic and paper...first disc worked fine until about 15 minutes into the movie.  which would've been fine had the movie been, say, "baby geniuses."..so, in reality, this is like a 400 mb dvd.  not 8.7 gb...the memorex brand deserves to be driven into the ground.  it's a trusted brand from...the 80s?  so it gets placement in best buy and all the big franchise stores based on identity alone and the outlived perception that memorex = quality...but you'll have better luck recording a full-length movie onto one of your audio tapes from '87 than you will with these 3 dvds
poorly designed - not user friendly.the description empathesizes how it "protects" your amplifier but the first page in the instructions warns that your amplifier can be damaged if you fail to keep at least one button depressed. most speaker selectors are designed so a load is placed on the amplifier when all buttons are out.. it also has a fifth button that says "press before using multiple speaker pairs".  it's not clear when to use this nor is it clear what it does..i can just see me trying to explain the "operating instructions" to the wife and kids.
dont buy it.this was the worst purchase i've ever made. you cant play music purchased off the i-net and you have to buy a special program to be able to rip music from cds. i reccommend buying an ipod or spending your $ on video games. dont buy this item!!!!
very buggy!.i just bought one of these and when it works it works well.  however, it keeps crashing the skype application after picking up the phone and hanging up while in voip mode.  it seems that the usb driver is unstable and forcing the skype client to crash.  i am currently using d-link driver version 1.16 and skype client version 2.5.0.146
21st century and you spend all day fixxing junk.didnt read the reviews.  i had an impulse buy.  hardware is okay. but as stated, the software is junk. used several phones and you cannot dial out using skype and a regular phone.  incoming skype phones dont ring regular phones. why do i need this??  getting rid of my hard wired phone soon.  have a usb soft phone i got from wal-mart (28$$).  and for my other reviews about being a techno phobe.....i downgraded to winxp and would take win98se back anytime. its musical chairs finding drivers for both os's; however, there share a common bond--a bill gates piece of s@#t!!!!!
not ready for prime time.//////////////////////////////// .///////////// pros /////////////.////////////////////////////////.first, let me say that i was working independently several years ago with voip technology before voip made public.  when skype came out with the beta version, i was the first 50 people to try out the beta and i felt i lost the race!!  you know what they said...."2nd place winner is the first place loser!!"  so, i gave up on voip project and work on ai stuff now.. .now, the review for this product..bought it from best buy for $59 + tax.  cd-rom contained driver version 1.0.  there's 1.2 (beta) driver available but you have to contact dlink engineer directly.. .this unit is great when it works..the driver crashes skype so much to a point where it's useless.. .i'm running windows xp pro w/ sp2 on amd athlon 1.0 ghz with 512 mb ram...//////////////////////////////// .///////////// cons /////////////.////////////////////////////////.kept crashing skype and i'm using skype version 2.5.0.130..this is the lastest skype version as of august 2006..the crash is random. usually crash around 2 minutes during phone call.. .//////////////////////////////// .///////////// thoughts /////////.////////////////////////////////.since the technology is so new, we're kind of expecting this.  so, if you decide to purchase the item, consider yourself as the brave soul unless they updated a new driver or something.  :-)   dlink tech support is quite helpful but i just don't have time to debug their product.. .voip wi-fi handset is now available.  it is a better choice to spend money on that.  that way, you don't need to leave your pc running all the time.   yes, the wi-fi handset is a bit more expensive.  but, considering the electricity cost for leaving the pc on and to get best performance out of the unit, you don't want to use the pc for something else while you're using skype.  thus, the pc should be dedicated for skype only.  so, considering the electricity cost and everything else, it's a better choice to get the wi-fi handset
poor software quality; out-of-spec usb implementation.i tried for a few hours to get the d-link software to work properly with their hardware, but could not get anything going that was stable for more than 30 minutes. the driver has many issues with skype, including crashing, leaving stray d-link processes in memory, locking up, losing contact with skype, etc...the driver will randomly crash, sometimes if you just pick up the attached phone and set it back down a few times. it doesn't take much. also, the attached phone does not ring. i tried with two phones and even the most basic phone will not ring when a skype call comes in...as for the forwarding feature, it is manual. there is no quick setting or time-based setting for auto-forwarding to say, a cell phone...also, there are problems with d-link's usb implementation in that it draws an illegal amount of power from the usb bus. their little box really should have a power brick as my adaptec usb card tells me it is drawing more than 500ma (and the adaptec does not allow it). so i had to run it on a machine with really old usb ports that do not protect against power overdraw. bad, bad, bad...the entire package feels like it was rushed to market without any real testing. i would wait for a few revisions on this one. maybe in 6-12 months it will work better. that's how it goes for a lot of d-link products. for example, it took until the 1.6 bios for my d-link gaming router to be "solid". that was about 6 months. so unless you want to be an unpaid d-link beta tester, i would pass on this thing for now. the idea is good, the implementation is not
unreliable.i am using it for both skype and landline calls with 3-handset uniden station. sound quality is very good, no echo. when it works it works quite well as skype as well as landline...below are the issues i ran in so far:.1. utility crashes 100% if called number gives out busy signal (us). .2. utility randomly crashes. i am yet to have a 24 hour period without restarting unit and skype. .3. unit seems to be unable to tolerate even smallest power surges. i had power outage, that crashed unit and required  unplugging/plugging back despite the fact that computer is on ups and never even blinked. .4. does not want to work with dual-port 2.0 usb card when external hd connected to second port, although works just fine on ancient (circa 2001) motherboard usb ports..5. does not work too well with latest skype software (skype bugs maybe??). feels more "stable" when skype downgraded to version provided on cd. downgrade did not rectify problems 1-4 listed above...interesting toy, definitely not robust enough to be used as primary phone without backup landline or give to your grandma.
don't waste your money.i received this item as a gift, and it is the worst laptop cooler i have come across.  after 8 months, the right fan broke.  before it broke, it was annoying anyway, because the fans were so loud - louder than the fans on my hp pavilion zd8000 - which aren't the quietest.  the pad also isn't very smart - it always stays on
do not buy for use with macbook pro.i bought a targus chillmat for my macbook pro, it worked great, so i figured, i would buy a second notebook cooler for the office.  antec came to mind, because of the good reviews and the stylish design.  so i bought one. i was very disappointed!..pros:  .    * looks good, nice cable storage, usb passthrough.    * fits nicely under my macbook pro..cons:.    * does not cool my macbook pro nearly as much as the targus chillmat!  i'm talking orders of magnitude here...   i think the fans just aren't in the right places to chill the hot spots on my macbook.  i have tried moving it around, but really doesn't help much..    * louder than my targus chillmat, even when on 'low' setting..    * no 'on/off' switch, only 'low' and 'high' setting toggle.  means you have to unplug it to turn it off
misleading item description.beware.  this is only the earpiece and it is unusable without the base and charger.  the product description does not make this clear and the model number 85-00006 is also used by the manufacturer to describe the complete unit with the base, earpiece, etc...i am still waiting for the call tag to return this item.  what a waste of time
works sometimes, but not others. won't work with some cell phones.i have the lifter with the gn 6210. sometimes, completely randomly, it just doesn't want to work and i have to run back to my phone to answer it. i must sayit has a good range for bluetooth, better than my jabra bt250 (which this is supposed to be the same thing as), but it doesn't answer calls on my sony-ericsson phone like my jabra bt250 does, it will oly work when i make calls or transfer sound. it's nice that it works with both though. don't leave it in your pocket or it can break, far too fragile. it picks up way too much background noise and, like the bt250, it completely useless in the wind. the tech support is not much help, when mine fails to work (about once a week) all they do is make me reset it then re-pair it, which works sometimes and not others. i'm sending mine in for a replacement. if i could do it all over, i would get a dedicated headset for my desk phone (not from gn) and a good bluetooth headset for my cell phone
iggfactory handhelditems jipped me..not only did this seller overcharge me for shipping (charged me double what their shipping rates page said - $8.99 to send a 10 oz package usps!!!), and wouldn't fix it when i complained, they also sent me a different brand of ipod speakers.  like i wouldn't notice???  i am very unhappy with this purchase.  beware
does not work.this gps receiver is horrible. it did not pick up any signals after driving around with it for 20 minutes with it on the roof of my car. i suggest not wasting your money
so-so.i like all the features of this phone, especially the great display and the automatic saving of phone numbers from your received calls. it's very easy to just save them into your directory.if only the sound quality were better. we've had it 2 years, and now there is static on the line and the speakerphone fades in and out. ..they don't make em like they used to
died after 14 months.we were satisfied with this phone for 14 months. then one day we came home and there was a static sound coming out of the speaker. it got gradually louder and then went silent. the loud beep when pressing keys is gone as well as the speakerphone and the caller id. unfortunately, it was covered by a 1 year warranty. now we have to find a replacement
just wouldn't connect.i have some tecnhical abilities when it comes to computers due to the many times i have basically fried my own home computer.  by doing so, i have rebuilt machines and operating systems from scratch and have learned how to fix my own issues rather than rely on technial support...i bought this linksys wireless card to go along with my current linksys router.  installation was a snap.  the cd installed the software very quickly and i then installed the card.  here is where the fun begins.  like a lot of other people here, the card could not identify my ip address using the auto detect.  i said fine, i'll just set a static ip address.  great, that seemed to work and i was finally "connected to both the network and the internet".  yey!  let's test the connection....wait a minute, it dropped the connection.  oh, its back....no..its gone again...and when it was connected, the signal kept going from full bars to half bars (and the computer is less than 7 feet from the router!). ..this basically went on for about an hour or so as i tried various "fixes" that were on the linksys site.  nothing on their site worked so i decided to call the tech support.  after 30 minutes waiting for a person, i decided i should probably go to bed as i had to get for work the next morning and didn't feel like waiting any longer.  so the next day, i went back to the store, picked up a d-link card for $25 and went home to install that card to compare to the linksys.  5 minutes after installing the d-link, i was up and running.  no fuss, no problems, just a fast wireless connection...i am returning the linksys today and i urge people here to rethink their purchase options before buying this or any other linksys card that uses that awful software/driver.  i believe the issue is well known with linksys but they have not fixed the problem.  i had a very similar problem with a linksys usb adapter i bought for my father's computer.  it basically wouldn't maintain the ip connection.  i guess i was hoping that an internal card wouldn't have those types of problems.  i was wrong...to summarize:  ..easy installation..never was able to actually connect to the internet..bought different brand that was cheaper..much happier now..will be returning this piece of junk
absolute garbage. worst sounding headphone ever!.these were recommended by the store personel, but he admitted he had returned his first pair due to lack of bass. i was told it took 3-4 hours of play for the bass to synch with noise isolation system.  after 10 hours of use these still have less bass than any of the "el cheapo" headsets i have ever owned.     the sound spectrum is extremely unballanced.  sorry, but shure does not get another shot at my $100.
this keyset is not supported!!!!!.dont get suckered into it just yet, ive had mine for over a week and its still usless, zboard hasnt even updated their software yet, this board does not get recognized with the current sofwtare, its useless. unless you see new drivers with a  date other than aug 12 on the zboard site do not buy. wait for them to update drivers unless you want a paperweigh
signal to noise ratio is terrible, too many radio interferences.i got these speakers to connect them to my macpro machine, to be used instead of the measly built-in speaker of the computer. i was looking for a pair of bookshelf speakers, and wanted to avoid having to run cables around my home office. from the technical description, these speakers fit the bill perfectly. some of the reviews here were also quite encouraging...setting them up was trivial: use a switch on each speaker to say which channel it is for. there's another switch to choose among several transmission channels to be used. upon powering the speakers, without playing anything on them, i bumped the volume to the maximum. unfortunately the speakers had a constant noise produced by the built-in amplifier. to make the matters worse, standing in between the transmitter and the speakers, the noise volume changed quite a bit, a sign of radio interferences. the transmitter's audio cable seems to be a cheap quality cable, without proper grounding which could explain some of the noise...playing music on them was ok for some computer speakers. i wasn't thrilled however by the level of noise, even with the volume close to maximum, the noise level was unbearable. after turning off the music in itunes i couldn't stop but notice the constant noise coming from the speakers. my macpro produces a fair amount of noise, but the one produced by these speakers was higher than that of the computer, similar to that of a constant air conditioning system running in an office building...i ended up returning them. the specs are great, but the delivery falls way short. using cheap materials to save cost does have its own costs i guess.
was happy at first, then they died!!.the speakers worked great for the irst 5-6 months then both died. now i have nice pair of dust collectors on my self. don't buy!
fine at first but . ..at the end of a few months, one speaker stopped working entirely and the other has developed a loud hissing background noise. i'm sure our stone house doesn't help matters, but i am disappointed that they seem to have dwindling usefulness over such a short period
returned it.i bought 4 amplified antennas to test which one worked the best for home. this was the most expensive one. the first thought was it has got to get better than this. i had to keep changing it to get a good picture, and to many times. it is not were close to cable. audio was good, but so were all the others. i took this one back, but i kept a ge
huge, cumbersome and awkward.this generic case for pdas was awful.  it was way too big for the tungsten e palm and yet it fit in such a way that my card with 500mb was easily bumped so that it could be ejected and lost without my knowledge.  the stylus also hung out in such a way that i feared it's loss also.  despite size, it had no pocket to hold a business card or stamp or spare dollar bill.  i also tried the metal one and found it impossible to open the tiny latch even without large or arthritic fingers..i ended up using the same leather case that came with my palm 500.  i secured it with velcro on the back of pda and the leather case.  it fit perfectly with no danger of accidental loss of universal card or stylus and has pockets for a card or two..pa
belkin universal slim leather case review.i bought one of this type, because there wasn't the one i wanted
terrible.atrocious sound. the dock is too wide for a 60gb, meaning that the wedge can (and almost certainly will) break off at some point. returning mine immediately. and the sound . . . so awful, i was shocked
fails to integrate with other packages.this product has great potential.  however, i would recommend it only if you use no other accounting package and are happy with the features provided by the neatreceipts software...you can export the images, but that must be done manually one by one.  hardly a practical solution if you have more than a dozen or so reciepts.  you can export the amounts, but again that must be done manually and is just too time consuming to be useful.  the frustrating thing is that it would actually be very easy to get the data as it is kept in a microsoft sql server database.  however, neatreceipts have gone out of their way to block us users from accessing our own data.  i do not know what neatreceipts were thinking when they did this - i guess they just don't trust users with access to their own data.  unfortunately the scanner was useless to me because of this and is now sitting as a white elephant on my desk...the 1 star has been given on the assumption that there are users who are happy using only the neatreceipts software and do not need access to their data for use in quicken or other accounting software
great idea -- poor execution....i purchased this scanner as a direct result of the positive reviews on amazon.  i was excited to receive this device as i do have a problem keeping up with my receipts... it sounded like the perfect solution.  ..after i received the device, i configured it according to the instructions (including calibrating the scanner).  after going through the simple setup procedures, i started on my stack of receipts.  i was very impressed with the speed at which i was able to get through about 30 receipts (less than 5 minutes).  unfortunately, this is where i ceased being impressed...upon reviewing the scanned receipts, i noticed that only 2 of the receipts contained valid ocr (optical character recognition) data.  the data for a lot of the receipts contained wildly differing data than what was actually on the receipt... some contained no information.  because of the extremely poor quality of the ocr, you will be forced to manually enter information for each receipt...in closing, i truly do not understand how people can continue to give this product positive reviews.  it is a decent device if you just wish to scan your receipts; however, you are paying a premium for a device that is worth maybe $75... so one has to assume that the rest is going to the software...scanner (hardware).==================.pros:.-lightweight and small.-no external power requirements (powered off of the usb bus).-fairly quick scanning speed.-great little scanner..cons:.-does not grip and feed the receipts correctly sometimes (if folded, etc)..neatreceipts professional (software).====================================.pros:.-logical interface.-ability to create folders.-ability to charge expenses to a client account.-automatic tally of monies..cons:.-extremely poor ocr.-requires a lot of manual data entry to get the receipt data correct.-requires msde install (basically microsoft sql server).-sluggish (resource hog
never worked properly.i've owned this scanner for several months now.  with the original software, the system would produce an error and no-scan about 25% of the time.  after an hour or so with a very pleasant customer service rep, we gave up to wait for the upgrade.  that came last week and now it won't run at all.  much better systems available
this phone sucks.i can only echo all the negative reviews others have listed, (i.e. handset not charging, lack of signal range, counter inuitive ringing, difficulty transferring calls in house, interruption on phone line, etc. ) and can only add that you not buy these for your work
handset will not charge.have owned this phone for only 3 weeks and now the handset will not charge.  it appears that the cordless cradle is not getting power for some reason (and yes, i tried other outlets in the house).  what really irks me is that motorola expects me to pay for shipping to send their defective phone back, and they won't send me a replacement until they receive the defective one back.  i thought these guys were a six sigma company?  it really bothers me that a company sells you a defective product and on top of it, i get the inconvenience of having to re-package it, drive to the post office, and pay for shipping.  not impressed
do not buy this phone.3 reasons to not buy this phone...1.  i bought this package and carefully reviewed it to make sure i was getting a phone and not an expansion phone.  i took it home and found that i had bought the expansion phone.  so much for clear packaging.  ..2.  i buy the base phone so now i got 2 phones.  unless they are within 20 feet of each other the reception does not work.  fortunately, you can expand the system to 8 phones.  everyone needs 8 phones in a 20 foot radius...3.  i know "retro" is in but i don't think the designers of this phone meant it to be retro.  this phone is big and clunky and cheap.  the battery door will not close correctly.  who designed this piece of junk?  this is an embarrassment to usa engineering
overpriced to fool anyone still thinking in analog terms.you people are still thinking in analog terms!  the beauty of digital transmission of sound data is that the sound quality will not be partially degraded by cheap cables.  either the data makes it through the cable perfectly, or it doesn't get through at all.  thus, data transmission failures will be very obvious (i.e. if your cable doesn't work you'll hear either no sound or sound that goes off and on like someone was flicking a switch); i assert that anyone who reports slight improvements after purchasing a $30 cable is fooling themselves to justify their consumer folly.  there is no reason to pay these exorbitant prices for digital cable!  do what i do:  use some spare coaxial tv cable you have lying around (you'll need a screw on adapter at each end to convert the f-type tv connector to rca-type connector, these cost about $2 each at your local hardware or radio-shack type outlet).  remember, when working with a digital signal, either it gets through perfectly or not at all
another example of marketing hype.......designed to lift money from the wallets of the american public.  if one is to transmit digital signals like those that come from the back of dvd and cd players reliably, 100% shielding is a basic requirement. this cable is not 100% shielded; look for foil in addition to the copper braid. further, digital signals don't care about super low resitance or impedance.  if the bits get there, the amplitude is incidental once a sufficient level is achieved.  over a distance of gt;10feet, big and fat are just to make you feel good about spending $40 on a $5 piece of hardware. *see below for a possible exception to this.  thirdly, if you don't have balanced electronics, what difference could an unbalanced cable with rca interconnects make? rca connectors will never be 75ohm connectors; they will never be balanced.  the arrows are mostly to make you feel good about your purchase.  usually it simply indicates the company specs that any drains are attatched at the end to which the arrows point.  if you have such a grounding problem as to cause interference in your playback, an rca will never cure anything. as a feel good genuflection to the audiphile gods, attach all your arrowed interconnects with the arrow pointing the same way.    and lastly, look into vswr and how the design of this rca affects it.  the large diameter of this cable and therefore the diameter of it's dielectric might help here, but if you can see the solder job, the chance of unhealthy levels of vswr is greater in that once the signal reaches this rca, the differences between the rca's shielding, and other properties, and the properties of the coaxial cable are sudden and definite.      if you have the money to spend and like to massage your cables as you install them, this company makes some nice looking/feeling stuff. not surprising in the world of audio--big marketing hype over substance
stories about garmin ique suction cup mount.i've traveled frequently and carry my ique 3600. i have gone through two of these units. i replaced the first one when the plastic portion of the tip of the power port connector broke off. it looked like a case of material fatigue. however i recommend caution on inserting/removing the connector in your vehicle's power port to ensure it doesn't break its tip. easy does it with inserting/removing the power connection. on the second unit, the cam lock (on the lever that tightens the cup up on the windshield) has worn out through use and now won't tighten up enough to create sufficient suction to hold the mount against the windshield. i tried to find a way to adjust it using a shim but have not found a good solution. an adjustment capability to compensate for normal wear on the cam would help a lot. an alternate design which uses a screw mechanism to tighten the cup up against the windshield would be a big plus because cam wear wouldn't be a factor. other observations are that on rental cars they often swipe the inside of the windshield with a cleaner that leaves a soap film residue which prevents a good suction cup seal. i usually have to wipe a spot clear to create a place where it will stick. also in high summer heat if you've gotten the mount to stick to the windshield by moistening the inside of the cup (not much wetness is required) the heat may cause the moisture to evaporate out which then causes the mount to fall off the windshield. finally, some windshields, for example, on the chevy trailblazer suv, have a very slight curve to them that can be hard to see. so on those vehicles it can be hard to find a place to the left of the driver's vision where the mount will stick. in conclusion, i have used this windshield mount frequently and in general have had good experiences with it.  it holds the ique 3600 very securely in the holder itself.  that is not an issue.  however it could be improved if there was some way to get user feedback to garmin
motorcycle use?.has anyone used this product on a motorcycle?  if you have where did you mount it and how did it work?  i have a large chrome gas cap cover on my harley that the suction cup would fit, just don't want to loose it going down the road
it broke.the suction cup broke at the attachment to the plastic mount.  maybe the rubber couldn't handle the heat or being removed from the windshield.  i work in the desert, and rarely need to use my garmin.  instead of always keeping this mount in the sun, which can be pretty damaging out here, i would only install the mount and the garmin on the occasions that i needed it.  one day when i was using it, my garmin came crashing down.  one thing to note is sometimes you don't get a good suction.  i thought this was the case this time, but when i went to reattach it, i saw that that part worked as promised (it sucked).  anyway, maybe the mount couldn't handle being taken off frequently or it couldn't handle the heat.  i'm planning on trying to mickey-mouse it back to operation instead of dealing with a warranty (if there is one).  while it was working, i liked it though (hence 2 stars)
great concept, poor execution....i like the idea of being able to slap up my ique in gps mode on the windshield of my eurovan and go, while keeping it charged. in that respect, the suction cup mount partially works: it keeps the gps going perfectly, but the suction cup is both too small and too ineffective to stay put where i slap. it kept losing suction (this is where "it sucks" would have been an attribute) and dropping off the windshield, to lie on its side 'til the next rest area. i finally resolved the issue by attaching the grip half of velcro tape to the suction cup, rotating the cup, and attaching the stand to my dashboard carpet cover. that works just fine, and i continue to have the benefits others alluded to without having to deal with a loose ique. you might want to consider the sand-bag version, or keep in mind that if this unit won't suck, you can stick it
not pleased with the brick.i give it a 2 only because it is a good music player.  i owned the 30gb for 6 months and loved it.  the sound quality is great, navigation is simple, making playlists is no problem, video picture is super, and the zen's reputation for quality (despite the last guy's misfortune) is high.  fm tuner and voice recorder over the ipod are nice additions, if you use them.  and, by the way, the fm tuner tunes into station perfectly and sounds very good.  under pressure from the riaa, creative removed the fm recorder that is on the 30gb model.  don't worry about it, though, the quality was pretty poor anyway.  my real gripe is the size. it was already too thick, now this thing is as thick as a deck of cards!  i measured it at 7/8 of an inch.  compare that to the 80gb ipod at about 1/2 inch (.55 inch to be exact).  and it's as heavy as a brick.  you can also hear and feel the hard drive operating, it's not load or a bad vibration, but it's there.  i'm just not as pleased with this version as with the 30gb model.  creative should have made this smaller and more refined, while still making the storage space larger.  that's what good electronics companies do.  they failed miserably here.  if you don't care about the fm tuner or voice recorder, pay $25 more for the new 80gb ipod.
design.this speaker has a cheap plastic base. it does not like to bend. if bent or pushed into the open position the plastic stop tabs will brake off. the base will no longer hold the speaker up. the sound quality is as expected..buy low hope for the best or buy it where you can get a quick and easy no questions asked refund
altec lansing.altec lansing has decent prices but the products are shoddily made. if they work, they're ok, but most likely they'll break in some small way the day after the warranty expires. if you can understand their support people- it helps if you've been to mumbai-all they seem capable of doing is reading company policy to you. ..twice i've been seduced by their prices-both times i've been burned. i would never use them again, ther're too many manufacturers who take pride in they're product and service
leather flip cover.the plastic mounting device that secures the leather flip cover to the m5 is very poorly engineered.  i purchased my m5 in january and this mounting device has already broken.  i am seriously considering replacing it with some other protective device
awesome, with one glitch.i am a daily radio user, and carry this unit around with me everywhere. i listen to baseball  football games, music, talk radio, news, weather, am  fm, you name it. i've now purchased two sangean dt-210v's from amazon in as many years, but the second one is currently dying the same death that ended the first one. the design is very user-friendly, and i use every feature; presets, headphone/handsfree, station scan, etc. i would put the reception this unit gets up against any other portable on the market. it's great, even in remote areas where others lose it. but the chronic problem which i thought was unique to #1 is now afflicting #2... the power button. on both units i've owned, it slowly begins to malfunction, then stops working altogether. my second one is currently in its final stages. sangean, if you ever get a copy of this review, please redesign the on/off switch to be more durable. maybe less plastic and more metal parts, if only at that point of contact. you have a loyal customer here, but i can't afford to replace this gem of a radio once a year. it's sad, because the reception, the clarity, the ergonomics of the radio want to live a longer life, if not for the on/off switch.
horrible.the phone itself is cheap, which is a plus. the usage, however, is also cheap. it distorts sound worse than a cordless, which i as trying to avoid, and randomly hangs up on people. as i use this phone for a business purpose, this is detrimental. i do not advise the purchase of this phone.
8 peices of junk ...!!.these speakers quality is just next to crap , i mean these speakers dont even have any dam sound quality or deep bass to enjoy , i got them first for my audigy 2 zs card , and they performed so bad i returned to the dealer and got myself " logitech z-5300 5.1 speakers " ,  these speakers have real quality and are thx certified so if anyone is putting money in 7800 i request dont do it and get yourself a z 5300 .
why didn't other reviews mention this?.ok, why didn't any of the previous reviewers mention the fact that this piece of junk needed another phone to be connected to? i thought this thing would be able to plug directly into your phone line from the wall, and i thought that the number buttons would be under that little gray plastic piece you see in the picture that looks like it flips up (but it does not, silly me).  apparently, the geniuses who designed this thing thought it would be cool to make you have to plug it in to a regular old phone. thanks a lot! now i need to spend an extra $30 for that too?! plus the cherry on top-- i get a nice new little nest of wires (phone cable running to standard phone base unit, another cable running from bae unit to this piece of junk, another cable running from piece of junk to standard phone hand receiver) as if i didn't have enough wire tangles already in my life.  thanks so much, designers at plantronics.  oh, and keep in mind that you do need to get a $30 phone to use with this thing. yep, my regular $12 ge slim line corded phone will not work because the dialing buttons are part of the hand receiver.  for this junk, you need a $30 granny and grandpa big button moron phone with the buttons built into the base unit instead of the hand receiver. yay
works well first but doesn't last.i have had the s12 for 2 years now, and although it worked flawlessly in the beginning, the quality degrades over the year to the point whereby it becomes unusable.  first the channels die (there are six on the side) currently only 4 of these work.  the transmit quality degrades, noise gets introduced in both transmit and receive streams and the noise gets so loud while the receiving quality gets so bad, that you can no longer use it.  i like plantronics, it is the best company out there, but this product only has a shelf life of about 2 yrs.  i am now shopping for another plantronics product that works.
broke after 90 day warranty expired.sony has an ultra-short 90 day warranty on these headphones.  mine broke after the warranty expired.  i'd expect that from a cheap set of earbuds, but not from an expensive set made by a name like sony.  i'll try a different brand next time.
doesn't stay stuck.the design of the bracket is very nice, but the adhesuve doesn't stay stuck to the dash...it works for a while, but after a few hours in the sun, the adhesive becomes soft and gooey.  take a quick turn, and the gps flies off into your lap...i'll have to try the windshield (suction cup) mount
really bad.the only time, this webcam delivers good pictures is when you have a broad daylight over you or a tubelight just over your head. otherwise pictures are too black and grainy. you can do better off without it
good product, but . . . ..other reviews mention that the directions leave much to be desired.  i'll second that analysis, but a methodical approach utilizing the few hard and fast rules within the directions should get a user up and running...the real drawback to the airport express appears to be its potential for early mortality.  please read the discussion at this url:..[...]..i purchased four airport express units within sixty days.  two of those four have failed with 16 to 18 months of the purchase date.  apple's warranty covers the product for 12 months.  apple will not admit that this problem exists or offer a solution to airport express owners...i'm a loyal customer of apple.  over the past twenty years, their customer service has been either excellent or poor with no mediocre service in the middle.  apple's response to the premature mortality of many airport express units falls into the poor category, and because of that, i won't take my chances with this particular unit in the future
apple express.we have heard so many good things about this wireless but we had nothing but trouble and after 2 months of trying different things we bought another wireless and it works fine. sorry
great toy, but buy another brand!!!.i bought these egg shakers for my daughter's first birthday. she's been going to a music class since she was 7 months old so i was looking for similar toys we could use and enjoy at home.  .first, there's hardly any shake in these shakers.  there's really not much in the eggs to make a sound.  my daughter, who is really familiar with this toy and enjoys the egg shakers from her music class just threw these aside out of frustration.  .second, they break very easily.  i kept insisting that my daughter try this toy, but about after the 5th try one egg broke in half and i had little black beads all over my floor.  i'm scared to think what would have happened if they would've broke with my daughter and i wasn't around..this really is a great toy that kids love.  all the children  in my daughter's music class love when it's time to dance with the egg shakers.  the problem is the way this company makes them.  i would suggest looking for another brand name
bad voice quality.i have gone through 5 phones trying to find one with crisp quality sound.  this phone is terrible.  i finally found an analog panasonic corded phone (kx-ts620) that performs exactly as i expect.
uniden review.this is not a great phone.  the cordless phone has static and makes some weird clicking sounds.  you can't take the cordless too far from the base.  i wouldn't buy this phone again
would actually rate this as a 0 star if i could.i just received this product from amazon, charged it for the 20 hours and tried to use it, the hand held phone kept hanging up.  we read the box and called customer service, uniden singlehandedly has the absolute worse customer service i have ever spoken with, i was told to try something if that didn't work it needed to sent in and repaired, then i was hung up on.  we tried what they suggested, so we called back their customer service, waiting another 20 minutes for someone to answer, was told it would take 2-4 weeks to get a replacement when i said that would be too long i was told to return it to the store and then hung up on.  i then notice on the owners manual it asks you to not return it to the store, so again i call back and am told yes return it to the store...thankfully amazon has a very easy replacement process where they actually pay the shipping, so i was easily able through amazon to get a refund and i will now purchase any other brand besides uniden, this phone might have been a fluke, but their customer service was so terrible i think it would be easier to never buy another one of their products so i will never have to call them again
noisy signal.the first thing a phone should be is clear.  this panasonic phone may have a lot of bells and whistles, but there is a constant white noise "hiss" in the background while talking, and that is very distracting to me.  i've tested the phone line with some other phones, and they have less of a problem.  the panasonic just seems to amplify the noise on the line much more than other phones, and i really expected more from a panasonic.  [sermon on...] it seems to me that all these 5.8ghz cordless phones really suck.  i've tried vtech and motorola as well, and each came with major defects that required a return.  i'm not sure it really makes sense anymore to buy an expensive phone, because they are all essentially junk nowadays. [sermon off]  it's too bad, because otherwise i would say that the phone is very good.  seems well built, easy navigation, comfortable on the ear, good speaker phone.  but the sound is just not clear, and that's a killer.  they should have taken out the stupid "voice changer" and replaced it with some noise reduction circuitry
zero stars for sharper image!!!.after i purchased this clock at sharper image for $20 on sale, i found the same exact clock at another store for half the price.  the difference is that the cheaper clock did not have the sharper image name on it.  they were identical.  so, shop around
too difficult to install.this print server was entirely too difficult to install.  i played around for hours and finally gave up
this is a total pos.this is total garbage.  ..out of the box it says 802.11g compatible, but no!  it only does wep.  and then when you try to set it to infrastructure mode, goodbye mac address!  check for revised firmware, and the d-link web site shows the latest is older than what is installed!..my gosh, who do they think they're fooling?  based on this experience, i don't think i'll buy any d-link product--ever
don't expect a miracle.bottomline is, they are below average in noise cancellation and somewhat at the average in sound quality. i took them on a plane once, they did nice job in cancelling the plane's low-frequency humming, but i still could hear my neighbors very clearly. the best usage i find for them is while working in my home office to suppress disctructing outside noises..there's also a concern about quality, the rubber strip that goes around the top of a head ripped off after only a year. after inspecting the way it was attached i figured out i would have given up anyway even if it treated them if they were golden..i guess the only attractive part in these headphones is the way they collapse. they look rather big unfolder, but can fit inside your jacked pocket folded
all headphones, no noise-cancelling.i would actually give these a 1.5 stars, seeing as how the first day i owned them they seemed to work decent. i was ready to give them a rave review but on the second day came the clicks. basically, and i know this sounds weird, these headphones click nonstop when you aren't holding your ipod. the second that you pick up your ipod, they stop. i'm assuming its an electrical/static issue within the headphones, but it will soon drive you crazy. i've used them at home with my laptop and they seem to work moderately well but if they don't work on my main music device, then they're more or less useless to me. the ear pieces could be a little larger, and the "noise cancelling" actually blocks about a third of noise at most...if you are still debating buying these, let me put it this way: i bought these and now i'm back in the market for a set of noise cancelling headphones
avoid this company!!.bought a cell phone battery from this company and it was defective and died one week after their return/replacement deadline.  shouldn't a cell phone battery last longer than a month??  they refuse to refund or replace.  they are a shady company and i'll never do business with them again and will warn others to do the same
sloppy interface  poor ergonomics.rushed to market with a poor user interface!..hp ignored the long line of easy-to-use user interfaces from preceding product lines of their 130, 230, 245, 375  even the same model year 385...insert a memory card into the slots and watch quickly to see how many photos are on the card, because it disappears quickly, never to be seen again ... very unlike it's predecessors and companion portable printers from hp...the first photo that appears on the screen is the last one you took, but there's no way to find out where you are on the card as you flip back and forth among the photos on the card...zooming in and cropping a photo works great, until after you hit the print button ... the crop box remains on the screen giving you the impression that if you press the print button again you'll get a cropped photo ... surprise!  the printer then prints the entire uncropped photo...press the menu key, and go into "improve image" and then "photo brightness" ... using the left / right arrows, the brightening / darkening is circular, so you can go around and around from light to dark or dark to light ... something that you could not do with other hp portable printers.  the catch ... you have to save the photo before the printer allows you to print the 'brightened' / 'darkened' photo, something that the previous models of these portable printers didn't require...the only way to use the handle is to make sure that the pop-up viewing screen is down... ..photos with a border are a challenge, especially when you're printing from the computer.. the printer doesn't feed the paper in far enough before the ink hits the page, resulting in a photo that's skewed to the left and not centered on the page...maybe the next version will fix all these mis-steps
disappointing.after reading the reviews for these here they seemed like a good buy. people said they were reliable, and that's what i was looking for. unfortunately, however, they have proven less than reliable. i have burned many dvds on my mac using 3 different programs for 3 different purposes: data, dvd copying, and dvd making (home videos), and they fail about half the time. no joke. i thought i must be doing something wrong, but i can't figure it out if i am. all the settings are correct, and the computer is practically brand new. i burn cds in the same drive as well and have never had one fail. so, i can only conclude that there is something wrong with the disks. maybe i just got a faulty batch, but needless to say, i will not be buying these again
they didn't work..they will not work in my dvd-r drive. i have a dell dimension 8200. i don't know the brand of my dvd-r drive but it wouldn't even read the discs.
variable static over most frequencies.i bought this product a few weeks ago. the main problem with the product is that there is static that interferes with the sound quality. i have tried most frequencies - and the thing is that on an empty frequency the signal is great as long as the engine is turned off. once you start the car this leads to static. given that some users have reported that they are satisfied with the product it might just be a function of the car you drive
interference on every frequency.i bought this based on the 2 reviews already published here. i live in a relatively rural area, but even so i couldn't get a decent signal with this product. it covers a wide range of frequencies and is very easy and convenient to use, but my music came through full of static even on frequenies that are nowhere near those of broadcast radio stations. i ended up returning this piece of junk and buying and installing a car stereo with an aux input--the only reliable way to get mp3 player tunes to play through your car receiver
cheap-looking, inflexible cabling.although these headphones are acoustically good i turned them down because of their unbelievably cheap-looking inflexible cable. the cabling was so irritatingly stiff and unmanageable comparing to my ipod stock headphones cabling that i just couldn't use them
ear plugs with a speaker in them.my much anticipated new super.fi 3 headphones arrived today...after carefully reading the manual i inserted them in my ears, plugged in my mp3 player and checked them out...the very first impression i got was that i must have put them in wrong because the sound was really mid-rangey with very little low end...i've been a musician for almost 30 years, and a lover of music all my life. my listening tastes extend from bach to miles davis to singer/songwriters and rock and roll. ..i've auditioned these monitors with a lot of different music from solo piano, to vocal/guitar, to studio jazz/rock...my conclusion is that these earphones are:..1. definitely very good at blocking outside noise. they are basically ear plugs with a speaker in them...2. definitely not flat in their frequency response. low end is very weak, mid range is overly prominant. they sound weird and un-natural...3. they have a very unique sound which is overly mid-rangey. the effect is that vocals have a kind of hollow sound that reminds me of listening to music on am radio over factory speakers. the vocals almost sound like somebody put too much reverb or delay on them...4. isolation is obviously very good because your head is in the way...5. they are very efficient so you don't need to crank the volume to hear the music over backround noise...i think i'll probably really like them on the subway because they really block outside noise. perhaps a little tweaking of the eq will help out with the odd sound...overall i'm pretty disappointed. i thought the sound would be a little smoother. i expected a somewhat heavy bass roll off but nothing like the truly weird sound these earphones have
defective.this item worked great for the one month it worked. i'm now waiting for a replacement because iomega determined the equipment to be defective. i sneaked a peek inside before shipping it out and saw the hard drive inside is actually a seagate. maybe i'll steer clear of both brands from now on
nice if you dont need instructions ?.i currently use this device like a memory stick , it basicly .has no software or operating instructions
terrible.am very disappointed with both the unit and samsung service.  the unit started rejecting all discs...no matter what format...after only two weeks.  samsung service insisted that i try a cleaning disc before they do anything.  they couldn't understand that the unit was rejecting all discs..     after another two calls it took a full week to get authorization to send it out for repair.  the unit has been sitting at their designated repair facility for two weeks now "waiting for parts".  no one can tell me what is specifically wrong and samsung will not just replace the unit..     i can only say this is a very bad samsung experience
do not buy if you use a belt clip.the case itself is excellent. it feels good and looks like it could withstand a pretty good drop. however, the belt clip is cheaply made. it sticks out about an inch in the back, and allows the ipod to swivel too easily. if you run, dont be surprised if the ipod starts doing 360s on your waist. i was wondering why i could not find any pictures of the belt clip on the web, and now i know why
the sony cd changer that doesn't.i bought this cd changer to complement a new sony home theater system.  i was replacing a 6 year old jvc shelf system that was superb.  right out of the box this changer had a bad habit of stopping play for no apparent reason during multi-disc shuffle play.  i changed discs, using a variety of pre-recorded discs and cd-r's, and wasn't able to pinpoint a reason for the stoppages.  there didn't seem to be any rhyme or reason to it.  sometimes the player played for a couple hours, and sometimes it would stop after only a song or two.  it seemed to stop only while it was between tracks.  after two weeks of playing with it, i exchanged it for another player (same model), which did the exact same thing.  finally, i took the unit back today for a refund and bought a higher-priced onkyo changer
waste of time and money.my father has one and loves it, but i can't imagine how many signals he must be missing if he can actually find *one* anywhere...i have been online for hours in places where the wi-fi finder can't detect a signal. i thought mine was defective so i exchanged it and got the same results. the only place it ever found a signal was in the store itself. i'm going to return this one for good this time
kensington wants to sell you a lemon..kensington wifi finder does not work as advertised at all. i wasted and enormous amount of time looking for hot spots using this device at school and at work, it failed to detect every single hot spot i visited in public areas. i even tested inside the first public library to ever introduce wifi in southern california and it failed to detect a wifi signal that is strong enough to fry your brain. this device reminds me a lot of those old police radar detectors that some speeders place on their dashboards, it simply does not work. don't buy it, don't waste your money. mine has been returned already. read the other reviews and you will see that this is not an isolated incident.
not what i had hoped for.the wifi finder plus is not what i had hoped for.  i used my notebook all over a local sandwich shop with excellent signal strength.  the finder said the signal was medium to nonexistant.  the same is true for my home wireless network.  the finder gave a much lower signal strength than the notebook indicated.  (oh, and the included flashlight on mine is practically unuseable.  the button that activates it is tight and difficult to use.)  anyway, i plan on keeping it for use on trips.  i guess if i get a signal at all with the finder, it will be a good place to use the notebook
kensington wifi finder plus.problem 1.  the finder states it should find bluetooth, but even if i hold it next to my treo 650 with blue tooth enabled no light shows.  problem 2.  my laptop detects wireless networks with strong signals, the kensington product did not find whatso ever.  i do not recommend this product at all.
not worth the money....this is the first 'finder' i've ever tried using, so i'm hoping that there are others out there that actually work.  for one thing, this product is supposed to locate bluetooth networks, and it has never worked for me, even right next to my laptop.  it also reports that my wifi network strength is lower than it actually is, again according to the software on my laptop.  so if you plan on using this while you wander around 'looking' for wifi networks, forget about it.  if you aren't within about 5 feet of the network's base station, then you'll never see it with the kensington wifi finder plus.  save your money, this product is not worth the money
i'm sure they would be great if they stayed in my ears....also the cord could be a little longer
serves it's purpose... little bass response..the earphones felt a bit cheap, but the blue color was a nice touch. it felt very light too. i plugged them into my cd walkman, and played my various music, and one disappointing thing is the lack of bass. the earphones didn't perform the bass i wanted, compared to a pair of 10-15 dollar sony earphones. however.. these earphones have good treble, and good quality of sound so i'm not wholly disappointed...my opinion, buy a 10 dollar sony earphone. it sounds better than these 15 dollar ones
tomtom not so great!.i have found that using my tomtom that it can never find where we are! it always says that it can't find where we are and the screen goes gray. i am very frustrated with this product and do not reccomend it to anyone...i have found that the gps systems built into cars work 10x better than my tomtom. ..suggestion: when you buy your next car get it with navagation and in the meen time try a garmin product instead. i've heard those work lots better
good device. terrible support.i've had my tomtom go 700 for about 15 months. the first couple of months i was their biggest fan...i was excited about the 'support' for bluetooth connections to the internet to get information like traffic, weather and sw updates. after several failed attempts to get the ttg 700 and my bluetooth phone to actually work i 'went into' the system and editted the linux dial up scripts myself and had everything working. this was after several emails/web form requests to the company about how they got bluetooth pairing to work on my phone. (it was listed on the supported phone list) which basically said "follow the instructions in the manul" which of course didn't work...so then the latest release of sw comes out. i upgrade. things work great. i find out there are new maps too. so i pay for the north american set of maps. (not cheap!) turns out even though you buy it as one item it gets installed as 5 or 6 different maps files. so searching for a place in texas when i'm in minnesota doesn't come up with any hits. another round of emails and web form requests and 9 weeks of waiting and i still don't have an answer on how to fix this. ..tomtom has lost a big supporter with the abysmal customer service and follow through. they don't deserve your money! buy something else like a garmin nuvi
a lousy product and no customer service.i purchased this product on the recommendation of amazon.com and have regretted it ever since. it's the worst consumer electronic item i have ever purchased. no wonder the price has dropped 50% since my purchase. they probably can't give them away. after about 90 days, the product goes completely dead. after contacting customer service, i was told to reset the product. two weeks later it went dead again. the last time i went to the manufacturer's website, i couldn't even find any contact information for customer service. they must have so many complaints that they can't handle them. not to mention product returns. save yourself some money and a lot of grief. buy a garmin system. the graphics aren't as good. but at least it's reliable
terrible gps and sub-par customer service.i purchased a tomtom go and have had problems with the touch screen ever since.  it malfunctioned within 6 months of purchase and i had to send it in to be repaired, they said they were unable to repair it and sent me a brand new one.  the new one began malfunctioning in exactly the same way within another 6 months.  after the subsequent 6 months, i sent it back again for the same problem and they told me it was out of warranty and they no longer repair the tomtom go but they would send me a newer model for an additional $300-400.  ridiculous, i have been trying to get some sort of satisfaction to no avail.  i paid nearly $1000 for this unit when it came on the market and it never worked more than 6 months at a time.  it would be best if this company went out of business in my opinion especially after reading the other reviews listed here.  i am now having to "trash" my unit and buy a different, more reliable, brand.
does not work.i bought this unit because it had all the features that i was looking for.  however...it took five to ten minutes to find the gps signal to start working, it gave confusing directions on the highway when i came to divided highways.  the last time i used it, i waited 30 minutes as i was driving to a destination to finally start working, and then it just stopped working completely on our way home.  fortunately, it all happened within the 30 days return period and i sent it back.  what good are all the features when the unit doesn't even work?
disappointing.this mp3 player was great when i first got it. however, i've not had it even a week yet, and it has begun freezing up and having other various problems. i would not suggest this item
it may become a ghost......i loved this product for 4 months (it does have lots of gadgets that i love) and then.....for no reason at all my computer no longer recognizes it! rhapsody doesn't recognize it....it's turned into a ghost although i can see it! ..i can play all of the songs that i owned myself but everything through the subscription service has run out and can't be reinstalled. i've done a little research about the disappearing mp3 player and it appears to be a problem that is affecting a lot of the h10's and 1 other model i can't remember right now and iriver can't figure it out; although i've been told they are trying desperately to find the bug....so buy with caution....
badly remanufactured.this seemed like a great bargain. it worked adequately for two days, then began various problems. downloads didn't work, it skipped, etc. ..the refund was very prompt
audio problems.i purchased this unit from best buy and it has a bad hum on the red channel out.  the replacement was no better.  i've found two other articles on the web from guys with the same issue?  today i'm trying a different brand
less features, less functionality..i've owned 4 other wacom tablets, two intuos, two graphire, and this will probably be my last...i chose the bluetooth graphire because i commute a long ways on the train and i thought it'd be a good solution to use with my laptop.  overall, i like the form and the pen holder built in but..they have limited the software on new graphire tablets.  you cannot rotate the tablet sideways or define the buttons to do different things in different applications  (an important feature if, like me, you use several different applications to do your artwork).  the two buttons on the tablet would be nice if i could rotate the tablet sideways and use them with my thumb but since i cannot, they cause wrist stress holding the tablet at an odd angle...the pen also seemed a bit sluggish on responses in some of my applications although this may have been due to running applications in rosetta on an intelmac...all in all, i'm a bit disapointed with the bluetooth graphire.  i would love to have wireless but i need to have the additional features (which i was told were deliberately disabled on the graphire series).  that there was no warning anywhere they'd removed these features for the 'low end' ($250) hardware and i had to pay a 10% restocking fee to return it has made me a pretty unhappy customer.  i'll be looking for a tablet with a different manufacturer in the future
not the tool for presenters.i bought this hoping to use it when i gave presentations. i thought i could use the pen as a clicker to advance my power point slides but both the pen and mouse have to be on the tablet for them to work. holding the tablet the entire time i speak is too awkard so i returned the product and will purchase a different product instead
driver conflict with dell laptop.i have owned this trackball for almost a year now and love it so much that i have carried it with me on all my trips instead of bringing along a mini-mouse like many do. ..love it as i may, i have found a problem with this trackball that is very disturbing:..when the kensington trackball is used with a dell latitude d610, you can no longer allow the laptop to go into standby mode, because when it comes out of standby mode, the laptop's mouse stick and touch pad are ill-configured and not just unusable but downright troublesome. accidentally touching the mousestick may cause some windows to close or minimize and or other seemingly random behaviour...after an interchange with kensington technical support, i was told that this is due to a device driver conflict, that it is a known issue, and that there is no immediate plan to fix this...i am not sure to what extent this problem is present in other laptops or even other dell laptops, but if your main computer is a laptop, i would email kensington tech support first to see if you will have this problem. it is *very* frustrating to have a laptop computer that you cannot put into standby mode. :-
not broken in - heavy ball.i bought two of these and have only used them a couple days.  what i dislike most about it is the weight of the trackball.  it is too massive to expect to be able to use delicate movements of one finger.  it looks like a pool (table) ball that is especially painted.  i have a little arthritis and at first i thought i would have to return it.  it was annoying to see that the three little red balls that hold up the trackball were so stiff it made the trackball hard to turn.  turning it upside down and rolling it around helped but the stiffness was noticeable for hours.  not what i expect in a quality product. i use the ball with two fingers. the weight of the ball makes the whole thing topheavy so it is difficult to balance on my lap (where i usually use it). i did not like the size and placement of the buttons because there is no really comfortable position for my large hand.  i think if kensington kept the radial design of the buttons but made more of them and if the buttons extended further then i could use their programmabiltiy to get a good fit..on the plus side the switches seem exellent and the correspondence between the cursor and the trackball (once you get it rolling.) is great.  there is no comparably priced trackball out there besides logitech's but i have never had a logitech mouse last for more than 18 months.  a five year guarantee speaks for itself.  i use both on one computer and have had no problems with that..please understand my two star rating is not comparing this to any other trackball but what i expect from ordering (and paying for) the best one available and a first impression.  i'm sure if i continue to use it my opinion will improve over time
never buying from amazon again!.i purchased this item and on oct.30, 2006 i returned it becuase it looked like it was used. i purchased it under the understading that it was in a "new" condition. it was chiped in some places and overall it looked very cheap. it is nov.20, 2006 and amazon has not refunded me my money. talk about bad customer sercvice
buyer beware!.i bought this item for my wife and it worked wonderfully for a couple of months and then just stopped working completely.  after going back and forth with dlo customer service about the problem, i was told that the arm between the transpod and the cigarette lighter "requires maintenance and needs to be replaced about every 6 months" and "is not defective, but does require maintenance"...if they know a part is going to fail every 6 months, that is a design flaw not something that requires maintenance.  also, if they know that the part will "require maintenance" every 6 months, why is that not disclosed on the packaging?  i feel i was deceived into buying a defective product, and will never buy anything from dlo again
keep researching...this dlo is a stinker!.recieved as a present from my wife, poor girl got sold on this thing at circuit city. anyway, it was alright...pretty average transmitter. the thing broke immediately after it's 3 month warranty expired. i contacted dlo's customer service and they were rude as heck. i understand the thing is off of warranty but they were no help at all, wouldn't even offer to fix it if i covered the costs. so basically i have a useless piece of plastic and electronics. i bought a monster icarplay and have loved it. it's put together much better, better sound, no annoying little issues, and a more reputable company. don't spend your hard earned money on dlo...get something that will last.
car clip killed 20gb ipod nano.well dont trust this car clip,i did and my ipod went out the car window hit the sydney harbour bridge  bounced hit a city bound train bounced back onto the road with my car driving over it as i was looking out my revision mirror i could see all the cars driving over it..i dont recommend one of these.i do recommend buying an apple ipod 20gb nano as they are so cool..product dimensions: 1.0 pounds .shipping weight: 9.6 ounces. (view shipping rates and policies) .shipping: currently, item can be shipped only within the u.s. .asin: ipod 20gb a1099 jq526omdtdu .item model number: a1099.average customer review:  based on 10 reviews. (write a review.) .amazon.com sales rank: #3,024 in electronics (see top sellers in electronics) .yesterday: #2,611 in electronics .date first available at amazon.com: november 12, 2005 .this page was created by a seller.
terribly disappointed.i was so excited to have a way to listen to my ipod songs in my car when i initially purchased this. at this point i'm very disappointed in the quality - some songs play clearly, but the volume maxes out, not my car speakers.  other songs don't play clearly at all -they sound like they are playing through a radio station with significant static...it doesnt matter if the songs were ripped from a cd, purchased on itunes or downloaded...i don't understand.  i have had the item too long now to return it, but if i had just purchased it, i would be going straight back to the store for a refund.  for $90, it should provide much better quality! learn from my mistake, save your money!
don't but from them!.i am very unhappy with this product!  i still have yet to recieve it!  i have been on the phone with them and also email!  they promised to send it but i am still waiting!  i would really like my money back
no show !!!.i paid good money for the replacement plan which should have been delivered around 26-29 june.  it is now july 19th  i still have not received it !!!
still waiting.i have not received the certificate. i have heard bad things from this company, i hope they are just having a bad year
read manufacturer warranty before buying service plan!.this particular warranty coverage is unecessary as my logitech wireless desktop carries a 5 year plan! why would anyone buy the added years on here!
soundsticks timed for detonation.i brought my set some 3 years ago. when i recieved them through the post i thought to myself: "these are so sexy"..when i hooked them up to my mac i thought: "these sound like heaven"..after the first six months, one of the satellite speakers stopped working altogether. that's when i thought: "what the hell?"..ok, ok, i told myself, calm down and look on the bright side of things, the subwoofer and other speaker still work, right? well, no. as it turns out it wasn't the satellite speaker that had the problem but the actual channel connection leading from the subwoofer. the real problem was the subwoofer itself. what is interesting to add is that the speakers work fine (with a dual audio adapter) when used with my ipod. wierd, eh? ..well, recently the whole system just gave up. and i mean the kind where it goes: "brrrt-pssh-krrrt-faaaarrrrp-splbphph-dead". in comparison, i have had my mp3 player for some 4, going 5, years now. in that time i've dropped it, bashed it, submerged it, nearly crushed it, and generally had it put through all sorts of environments/situations by sheer mal attention. it still plays music as if it were just bought. my soundsticks however have only sat in the same place for three years, collecting dust in the subwoofer (just how does one clean that anyways?)...my best friend recently complained that his soundsticks ii system also had the same problems...i say this is the last time i part money with harman-kardon for a sexy piece of junk
good sound... bad stack.i wanted a docking system with speakers that i could take to work.  i felt like the cords were all over the place.  one to go to each speaker and one for the plug.  no battery option either.  when stacked the unit was pretty unstable.  it fell over and apart (and my ipod feel off the dock) when i barely touched it.  though the sound quality was pretty good it lacks an am/fm tuner which come on most other dock/speaker combos for around this price.   traded mine in for a more stable and solid system with am/fm tuner for a few more dollars.
no good.this inflator would not inflate my car tire at all.  the gauge stayed at 90 psi.  i returned it to the local sharper image store but only got store credit.  customer service adjusted the credit to my charge account.  i do not recommend this inflator but sharper image is a reputable company. i would not hesitate buying from them
it won't inflate my tires??.when i bought this compresor i thought i would get high quality.  sharper image comes very recomended.  in fact i passed over another compressor because of the name.  i've followed the intructions in the manual.  the valve stem won't go far enough into the adapter. and it won't inflate my cars tires.  i've tried it on both mine and my mothers cars.  they both have standard valve stems, so why won't it work?  well i won't know if mine is defective or not but i'm avoiding sharper image products from now on
not pleased.i have to be so near to this mike for it to broadcast over my computer's speakers that my breathing is picked up  as well as my voice
ok sound quality, poor life.this mic lasted me only 10 months and i had bought it for $[a good price]. the sound quality is ok and you need to tune it through your audio wizard or sound can be very distorted. as someone else mentioned it was not a very good mic to use with speech recognition software but ok for conversations. howerver, it just stopped working one day
loud fan.loud fan, works strong... but again its buzzzz is a little to much for me..
worked great, until it didn't..for the first month i had the fan, it worked just fine. then one day it slowed down, and then finally stopped. if i give the 'blades' a good spin, the fan may start up sometime, but it slows down again in a matter of seconds. stay away
flyfan motor stops when hot.i purchased two fans after i thought the first one broke after it stopped working.  shortly after i plugged in the second one, it stopped working also.  i went to the kensington site and searched for a technical support reason.  they state at their web site that the fan will "stall" if its motor gets hot and you might need to reboot the computer to get it working again. even rebooting the computer doesn't get the fan working again 9 times out of 10.  i believe that having a fan stall when it is hot and allowing this to be an acceptable design charaacteristic is ridiculous.  isn't the point of having a fan to increase air flow and cool ?  now the owner of two defectively designed fans, i am very negative on this fan and this company for accepting the defect and selling it knowingly...at the kensington site the faq states:..question:why does my flyfan stop?.answer:  the flyfan has a little temperature-sensitive switch. if the fan stalls, the switch turns off the power in order to avoid overheating of the motor. it may take some time for the motor to run again after stalling the fan. if this happens, try restarting the computer. this may fix the problem by resetting the usb port
monster cable  ultra 1000  fiber optic.what exactly is a fiber optic cable? it transports sound using a digital signal. in fiber optics, light is used to transport this digital data. the digital signal is made up of 1 and 0. 1 being light, 0 being no light. ..i recommend using the monster standard cables and always will. but there ultra line is a little overpriced...so how should i decide between buying a "high end" fiber optic cable and an ok one. well, the fact that it is triple the cost of this cable kind of gets me. i purchased a top of the line, monster cable thx ultra 1000, that was really expensive. the ultra 1000 is more durable, and uses higher quality materials that transport the light more efficently. yea it did sound slightly better. but if you plan on using it for a cd player or a cheaper surround sound system, you won't need the really expensive stuff. the cheapre monster line does perfectly well. but even for me, i ended up returing the ultra 1000. why you ask? the quality didn't meet the price. its not worth it unless you plan on building a top of the line home theater that you plan to use every day. for most people, the cheaper monster cables will be more than enough of an improvement that they'll notice the difference and be happy enough...overall, i gave this monster standard cable a 2 because it is overpriced for the quality. if you plan on spending this much, i recommend that you just purchase a professional cable...notes for new users of these cables: ..- make sure your dvd player or cable/satallite reciever has the fiber optic output, as a lot of the cheaper ones don't. ..- pull off the plastic protective coverings on each end of the fiber optic cables. these are there to protect the cable during transit/storage. ..- be careful not to bend the cables around too much or strtch them to meet the distance you want them to reach. buy a longer one if you need to. ..- if the black coating on the cable gets striped a bit, consider buying a new cable, as the damage allows light to seep out, thus, distoring the quiality. .. 2005 - david chen - all right's reserve
if you bought this, you have been scammed..here's the deal folks. you cannot make a digital signal "better." either the signal gets through, or it doesn't. either the cable works, or it doesn't. monster cable, purveyors of ludicrously overpriced audio/video accesories designed to capatilize upon the naivete of buyers and the rampant superstition in audio/videophile circles, apparently saw fit to create not just one line of overpriced digital optical cables, but to make two different versions: monster "standard" and monster "ultra." "ultra" of course, costs more than twice as much as the "standard," but the kicker is that they both work exactly the same. you will not notice a difference between them...those 1s and 0s going through a digital cable either get through or not at all, contrary to what monster cable would have you believe. i can imagine monster cable telling us that the 1s, with their sharp, angular edges, have a harder time flowing through the cable than the rounded 0s, and that the only solution is their own, speciality brand cable. buy your digital cable elsewhere and avoid these clowns
major let down.i was very excited to see that my sub had finally arrived and couldn't wait to get it hooked up to my receiver. unfortunately it was a wasted effort, as the sub did not work at all. hooked up to a denon receiver, carefully read the instructions and adjusted the the phase and crossover and got nothing. tried every setting on the the receiver to make sure nothing was overlooked and still the light on the sub would not turn from red to green to indicate getting a signal, and still no sound. went out and bought a new lfe cable to cover my bases and spoke to a tech at the store who could not add anything that i hadn't already tried. bottom line, after 2 days of trial and error it doesn't work. upon logging my return info to amazon expecting to get a replacement, i am told that there are no more dispite their website listing them as a available for new purchase. this reenforces why i normally deal straight with the local electronics store. the one time i stray i get burned
worst phone ever.bad reception, won't hold a charge for more than 15 minutes.  enough said
no luck with these.i bought this set at target as a replacement for my panasonic that did not have caller id - well, long story short - it was a complete dissapointment. the sound quality is bad and the batteries lasted about 3 months
you get what you pay for..you get what you pay for, and my advise to anyone thinking of buying this answering machine phone combo is to pass on this model and brand name (atamp;t really doesn't make this system, they just put their logo on it). why pass on it? .  . 1) bad voice reception with the person you are talking to (i.e. yhey can't hear you very well)  .  . 2) bad reception. .  . 3) after you call this machine for messages (when you're at another phone or on vacation)you can't monitor the room in your home or apartment to hear if your dogs or whomever is okay,(but my old panasonic answering machine enabled me to do this  .  . moral of story: if you're in the market for a system like this one, then buy a panasonic brand - i know i will - when this system dies out.
frustrating to use.i'm a dedicated treo user - have a 700p after having one of the first 600's in texas and a 650 the day it came out.  have been hoping for a good keyboard solution and have yet to find one.  i love gadgets, am not dumb, and found this product enormously frustrating.  first it wouldn't connect, then it did but it was impossible to navigate using the keyboard.  i don't mind the keys having shortcuts for pocket pc and symbian - no worries there.  but i've had palms for years and often had to try 25-30 different, reasonable, increasingly less intuitive keystrokes before giving up tiredly.  moving around applications doesn't make sense to me, and enter versus tab versus the green fn key or the blue one... completely over the top in difficulty unless you want to use your stylus all the time...i'm returning mine after 3 days of working with it in my office, on planes, and in airports.  total disappointment
one word:  flimsy!.i read a lot of good reviews on this keyboard from many users and many magazines.  i may have expected too much, but this keyboard did not live up to my expectations or needs.  i purchased the keyboard for use with both a dell axim device and a smartphone.  opon recieving the keyboard, when attempting to open, it came apart and fell into pieces on my lap.  there was not sign of damage from the shipping, in fact the box it came in was very clean and neat.  i hope it was only the construction of the keyboard that was fouled up.  after i re-assembled the keyboard, i inserted batteries into a compartment that barely held them in place.  i then turned on the keyboard and discovered it on my smartphone.  it was recognized right away and i was ready to type.  or, so i thought.  many of the keys were stuck in the down position.  it took me several minutes of twiddling to get all the keys to pop up in the normal position before i could type on the unit.  it took a lot more effort to get used to only 4 rows of keys, rather than 5...needless to say, i'm returning this unit and getting the larger stowaway bluetooth keyboard.  if size is an issue, then and only then, consider this keyboard.  otherwize, i can't recommend it for any purpose or use
a product to avoid if you own a palm treo 650.here is a quick writeup of the issues i've had with this product and the support people:.i've had this keyboard for several weeks, and i must say that i'm not very impressed.  there are several issues with it that i'm hoping someone will be able to address..issue 1:.for some unknown reason, the ir keyboard checkbox is always checked.  i keep unchecking it, but it keeps getting rechecked.  this issue is minor..issue 2:.while i'm typing, the left shift key keeps locking on.  this is not, i repeat not, a physical issue, it's the software that is causing this..issue 3:.every single time i activate the keyboard software, telling it to connect, it tells me to add the keyboard to my devices list.  it's been added since the first time i used it, and it's listed in the secure devices list.  the software doesn't seem to know this..issue 4: .it keeps losing connectivity.  if i stop typing for a short amount of time, sometimes, on a very random basis, the keyboard stops transmitting and i have to reconnect.  this happens even if the batteries are new..issue 5:.it constantly misses key strokes if i pause while typing.  this is completely random.  sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.  it always starts working after i hit a key several times, but this is really annoying...for the money it cost me, i expected more, especially considering that, while slick looking, the keyboard doesn't appear that it will last very long.  this is unfortunate, since i use the keyboard to write on the treo quite extensivly.  also, i noticed in their forums that there were a number of people with the same problem, so it's clear they still haven't addressed it.  plus, when i emailed tech support, i got an out of office response, which, i might add, is the exact same response other people were getting a year ago!..if you can find something else that works, stay away from this keyboard.
do not buy this item.it worked well for a few hours then it disconnected and i closed it in frustration (the stowaway feature). while closed, apparantly the keys on the keyboard were pressed together, draining the battery, which is absolutely rediculous. i replaced the batteries and now the thing won't reconnect with my pda. not only does it technically suck, it sucks in that you have to press a numlock anytime you want to use the number pad, which is annoying and time consuming. after finding that this this is useless, i feel the urge to throw it against the wall. i assume that it will break in pieces if even dropped. if i did get it to work again, it would still be a pain to type because with every keystroke the thing goes flying because it is so flimsy. definitely the worst buy that i have ever made. i am about to buy a regular bluetooth keyboard, at least it will work i don't care as much for flimsy things
beware of inkgrabber.com.inkgrabber.com is listing refurbished and they send you compatible. beware they do not sell what they advertise. they had no feedback when i made my purchase, so here is some accurate feedback
didn't work.........i thought monster was the best until i bought this ipod cassette adpater - it didn't work at all in my husband's 2001 rav4.  i thought the cassette player was broken until i read the reviews on amazon.  i immediately went to walmart and radio shack where i bought cheap cassette adapters......they both worked - the sound is great, no extraneous noise.  so beware, more money doesn't always mean a better product
buy from a store with a great return policy.i tried it in three different car stereos.  the ability to make it work depends on the features of your car stereo (has auto-reverse?, has a play button?, etc).  ultimately, i gave up because the noise of the plastic gears overwhelmed the excellent audio quality unless i turned the stereo up very loud.  it may or may not work in your stereo, and you won't know until you try.  so make sure you buy it from a store with an excellent return policy.
terrible product! doesn't work!.after recently getting my license, i was excited to know that i could use my mp3 player in my car's cassette deck.  after browsing only a few stores, i found the monster icarplay cassette adapter and ordered it online.  ..within seconds of putting the adapter into my cassette deck an error was detected, a fastforwarding type noise was heard, and the tape was ejected...i tried all the possibilities; i thought that maybe the wire was causing the tape not to go in all the way. wrong! i completely removed the back piece so the cord could have all the space in the world to move around and adjust itself and it still didn't work. then i tried changing the side of the tape (and therefore changed which end the cord came out of) and to my surprise experienced about a 2-3 second preview of the song my mp3 player was playing (however it was not very loud), and then the tape was, again, automatically ejected...overall: i don't have an ipod so maybe it works differently with them, but after reading several other reviews i would recommend a different adapter.  don't get sucked in by the good name of monster.  monster is a good brand however they have failed to achieve their previous quality with this product. ..i hope this makes your decision easier
doesn't work at all.i have a 99 suzuki grand vitara, and this cassette adapter doesn't work in the cassette player. as most of the other reviews state, there is some sort of tension problem that causes the cassette player to constantly fast forward and switch from side to side without ever getting into play mode - thus no sound. i tried it out in the parking lot of the compusa store where i bought it, and immediately returned it. the clerk recommended the cheaper store brand adapter, which works much better at half the price
seemed like a good idea.unfortunately if you have a 2002 chevy monte carlo this is not going to work.  i stuck it in the tape deck but it just kept popping out with an error message.  i don't know if you can find out if its compatible with your car but i would recommend checking before you buy this, it will save you a lot of trouble
too much for too little.i've had my bose for about two years. i'm very glad to have received it as a present because, despite some of its fine features, it certainly does not merit the hefty, comparable-to-a-small-home-stereo price tag...i like its design and its sound...i don't like the following "features":..1) it is the most sensitive cd player i have. it will not properly play a number of cds, especially cd-rs. this is especially annoying when my $70 boombox plays them without a problem...2) it is not programmable! it doesn't program songs at all. the best it can do is "shuffle," "shuffle repeat," "repeat track," and "repeat disc." the cheapest boombox these days is programmable...3) the lack of buttons is annoying: i found i had to order a second remote ($10) and keep it by the box. when i called bose about this problem, the tech suggested getting the second remote and added that a lot of people had done that. my boombox is more user-friendly (it has buttons as well as a remote)...one can argue about the merits of elegance vs. user-friendliness. but the lack of programmability and the oversensitivity of this box make it a poor buy, in my opinion
no buttons - big hassle.i can't believe bose has replaced a very nice system with one that you must control with a tiny remote.  i have both their older models and i can't stand this new design.
a triumph of marketing hype.make no doubt, this system looks beautiful, but bose sells what they make, rather than make what they sell. this unit is basically a stylized boom box. try a blind a/b test with a competing system and you will see why. if you like the sound - great. but you do not get your money's worth with bose.
garman etrex vista 24 mb with compass, altuimeter  pc cable.as you can see i purchased this on 08/14/2006. my problem is a couple days ago while using this gps a blue streak apperded about 1/2" x 2". it still works but i can`t read the screen so what good is it? what can you do about it. please reply or foward to customer service to correct the problem. thank you  james d rang jr
disappointed.i received these as a birthday gift a year ago last august.  i wanted a pair of wireless headsets to use while i sew.  they were very comfortable. i loved the cushioned ear pads and fit around my head.  i admit my transmitter was located  near me when i used them, so i rarely had difficulty recieving sound (except when the batteries were starting to fail).  when i moved through my home, they cracked a bit and would re-tune themselves.  i live in a 60 x 12 trailer.  so, that's not saying anything great about being able to move around.  my biggest dissapointment is that they have died on me.  i called support to get help.  of course, the person i spoke to sounded like they were sitting in outer space trying to help me....they were so far away i couldn't understand what they were saying.  our conversation ended with these conclusions: my headset did not work, will not work, are no longer under any warranty and there was no where to take them to repare them.  if the gift was only $35 i would not fret.  however, these were bought at a chain store for $129.  i had someone who knows a bit about electronics look at them; the multifunction button is to blame for the malfunction.  so, if you can purchase these for next to nothing, they are a great purchase.  i wouldn't spend more than $30 on them
ar wireless headphones.pretty disappointing - the tone quality is good but the headphones are so directionally sensitive that the reception ogoes in and out constantly!  i'm going to fiddle with it some more this weekend but if i can i'll return it.
agree agree agree.i am actually surprised at the number of negatives, thought that there would be some loyal blinded bose fans writing review...look, bose really made a name for itself in the 70's early 80's when they had decent bookshelf speakers, they have totally fallen behind with the advent of surround sound, prologic, thx etc...i agree with many of the comments that the cube speakers are totally worthless, sounds like you are playing a mono am channel.  the subwoofer is the worst part of the system, my $50 altec lansing computer speaker system sub blows it away.  ..needless to say i will never get sucked into another bose product since i am forced to by a new surround speaker system because of the complete and utter bose inadequac
this is no good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.we bought this system for our home. we bought it as an investment that we would have for years. bose is supposed to be some of the best speakers on the market. we have bose 601 speakers and they are awesome. this system sucks and i wouldn't recomend anyone spending $1,000 on this system. you should go to wal-mart and buy the cheapest boom box they sale and get the same effect. please concider what i am saying and try something else. we bought sony and it is much better. if you buy it anyway make sure it has a 100% money back guarantee. thanks for reading my review
avoid this product.i don't see why i need to download an application to remove the u3 utility. it's totally unneeded. also the drive lasted a total of 2 months. in those 2 months i used it about 10 times. the slider also is sticky and becomes difficult retract and close. i would avoid it.
avoid.contains read only "u3" portion with trojans, malware, spyware, adware, subscription based services.  you cannot use or erase this partition using a macintosh...doesn't actually have 1gb capacity (even if you count the unusable part), doesn't even have 1,000 "marketing megabyte" capacity...i bought this for my aged parent's macintosh and was horrified to see an undeletable cd image appear on the mac desktop everytime it was inserted
junk.took a long time for my machine to recognize the reader. ran very slow when it did work. i am very computer literate. i tried all ports and other computers. cost more in time  money to return it than it's worth. recommend the sandisk instead
not for osx 10.4.worked perfect on a pc but made the mac freeze up, which is not suppose to happen to a mac, after about 40% download of the card. called crucial and they had no answer
case broke my screen.i would not recommend this case for anyone.  one of the slots that holds the expansion cards made a crack in my screen, rendering my tunsten e useless (and it is not a repair covered by any warranty).  you would be better off with the flimsy screen cover that the palm comes with
hard cover for plam tungsten e.two hard to hold and try to do anything i am going to look for a leather one soon
nice sound, but....these speakers have good loud, clear sound for their size. the problem with them is that they are almost always plagued by interference from cell phones and who knows what else. they make loud popping and buzzing noises that are incredibly annoying, and i often have to turn them off and use my weak laptop speakers instead. it's quite aggravating
ca speakers.i bought these speakers for a christmas gift for my sister,s ipod and portable cd player. the speakers worked good until now. there is a buzzing noise and they won't play anything from the ipod. the sound quality was not that great either. a big lack of bass. i would recommend the 2.1 speakers with a sub. they would sound a lot better and last longer
good player but  very poor construction.my player had the same headphones jack problem that so many people here have had, which ended up rendering it useless (out of warranty).  ..however, while it worked, i was quite pleased with the player and the included software.  everything was intutive and ran smoothly (except for an occational freeze with the player which never became frequent enough to be a major burden).  i also liked the fact that this player wasn't bound by itunes or file format restrictions...my only other complaint was that occasionally the touchpad made moving small increments like up one track or down one track somewhat difficult (just give me buttons, i know they aren't sexy but they're easy and work well).  ..i am giving the product 2 stars because, while i liked it, creative has known about the headphones flaw for a long time and has not improved the build (being that this is still a problem with these players).  for the amount of money that a player like this costs, it should work for at least year
not happy.hard to figure out and organize music... battery life not what is promised and needs to be changed often... don't recommend it. very "not happy
great features, but huge flaws.this music player was decent: nice look, controls, and sound. there are many nice features including decent software and using it as a data drive. there are really good things about this unit; however, the faults are just too great; thus, superseding the great features...however, the reaction to your key pushes, and file search are way too slow. the software is pretty nice, but the bad thing is that it likes to rename your files for you even when you didn't ask it too. that gets very annoying. for example, i just want the file to be named as is, with no tags, but the zen software will add tags no matter what, even if it has to put in the word "unknown". it also has these strange crashes that makes it hard to have it recover. the worst part about this product is that the earphone jack gets damaged in a few weeks or months -- unprovoked!..it was so frustrating to think my headphones where damaged, but i switched it up and found out that it was the zen. then i read online, and what do you know -- it's consensus, the product is faulty because many other people have experienced the same problem. some people even found some fixes, and i've tried them, but to no avail. but then again, why do i have to fix a fairly new product? ..if you're going to have a fault when it comes to a music player, you don't want it to be a physical issue that renders the player useless!..i'd give it at least three stars as i was quite satisfied with it, but the physical fault with the headphone jack is just too much of negligence to overlook
disappointed.a year later and i wish i had the money for an ipod. i have been having the audiojack issue for a long time and don't even take my player with me anywhere anymore. what's the point of having an mp3 player you can't walk around with? ridiculous
don't do it!!!!!!!!.this product is amazing - when it works. which for me, was two months and why it gets two stars. i originally gave it one, but when it does work it really is awesome, absolutely no complaints. mine froze and died two months after i opened the package. unfortunately, i couldn't get it fixed because it was a gift from an ex who i was no longer in contact with by the time it broke. after it froze i frantically scoured the web trying to find a way to reset it. that didn't work. i changed the batteries, etc etc it was just dead. i thought about buying another one until i read all the reviews with similar complaints. i am not an apple person, but since that is all there seems to be i finally gave in last night and bought one and so far i love it. i initially resisted because of the software (i thought i hated itunes) but i am getting used to it and liking it! so this is probably not what you want to hear, but this is my advice - skip this and buy yourself an ipod just like everyone else. there is a reason it is so popular!!
don't buy anything from creative!!!.we bought three creative players.  my husband and i have the zen micro and my daughter the zen 20gb.  all three of ours just froze up and stopped working with one year.  i didn't even use mine but maybe two hours per week.  good thing my daughter's was within her one year period by a couple of days. she still had to pay $25.00  now my husband and i have to just junk ours and buy something else.  customer service is awful!!  they won't talk to you unless you show your receipt at least three times.  what a piece of garbage!!
zen micro is the worst piece of junk i've owned!!.warning!!!!!don't waste your money on this piece of garbage!!!!it's hard to believe creative had the nerve to release this buggy piece of garbage. .the zen micro was recommended for its superior audio quality over the ipod.  however, i could not put up with it's dismal performance.  i had to retire it and get an ipod.  the software was slow, cumbersome, and crashed constantly when i would try to upload songs.  with itunes you can change songs using a batch method, but with creative's software, you have to go through every mp3 one at a time!  that's a lot of songs on a 5gb player!  what takes seconds with itunes, takes hours and hours and hours with creative.   .the micro would keep rebooting, and was very slow between songs.  touch sensitivity was annoying, especially compared to the ipod.  i tried updating to the new software, but that made the zen micro perform even worse! after rebooting, it "rebuilds" the library, which takes a couple of minutes. when it finally reboots, it takes so long to play a song you select, oftentimes you press play twice to make sure it registered, which of course pauses the mp3.  very frustrating. designwise, the micro is far from "micro", especially compared to the 5gb ipod. .the zen micro shouldn't even be considered to be in the same catagory as the ipod.  if you're considering getting one, go with an 8-track instead.  you'll be happier
good for listening, not for talking..i've used plantronics headsets for years.  i was surprised that there was no volume adjustment for the mic -- every other plantronics headset i've used had one.  i must have had a dozen people tell me they could hardly hear me in 3 days of use.  no amount of adjusting the headset position on my head solved the problem..  i had to pull the mic nearly into my mouth for people to hear me easily.  ..pity - other than that, it was perfect. i'm returning it
headset only plantronics t20 -- choose another.i've had this phone for about a year and have been unhappy with it from day one. i should have returned it when i realized that the flash button didn't work but now i'm back to buy another phone that actually works.  the listening sound quality is okay, however, callers often tell me they can't hear me unless i jockey the headset microphone right to my lips and speak loudly.  having to locate the headset to answer a call is a real pain.  i don't think the description adequately explains the fact that you cannot answer the phone without locating the headset, untangling it and putting it on your head first to speak.  also, the dialing tones hurt your ears when you dial with the headset on.  other than that, it's great.  :
shouldn't have made it to production in its current form.when you pick up the t20, your are immediately impressed with its attractive styling, solid feel, and quality construction.  unfortunately, after you plug it in, you will not continue to be impressed.  dialing a number is painful, to your ear.  even with the volume turned completely down, the dialing tones are excruciatingly, and unnecessarily, loud, and the ringing you hear for the next few minutes won't be an incoming call.  the microphone is a failure in design.  it only extends part-way down your cheek, not to your mouth, leading to comments like quot;you sound like your sitting across the room from a cheap speaker phone.quot;  that is if they can even hear you, and don't hang up.  plantronics really needs to consider revising the design to incorporate a voice tube...  this should have been a great product, but based upon the two significant shortcomings i mentioned, i cannot recommend it for purchase
pony up the extra dollar or two to get an extension cable that works.i bought this cable a week or so ago so i could listen to music on my computer at work (most regular headphones don't have a cord long enough to reach all the way down to a computer tower under my desk and still allow any sort of comfort or flexibility of movement). and it. is. awful. there's only one thing i need a headphone extension cord to do, which is conduct sound from my computer to the set of headphones i plug in, and at this, it fails. i've tried two different sets of headphones and with both i run into problems maintaining the connection at the female end: if i move the cord even the tiniest bit, i lose half the sound. suddenly only one headphone works, or the vocal track is gone, or there's no bass, and the quality is about on par with a tinny am radio station on the mono speaker setting, and all the depth and any reason for wanting to listen to music is gone. then i have to play with the connection, pressing the headphone jack in tightly, to get the sound to come back, and the second i put it down, i lose it again. kinda frustrating...i know it's a bit much to be ticked off over a $4 product, but shipping was another $5 or so, and the amount of frustration i've since experienced has made me want to at least warn other people so it doesn't happen to them. if you need a headphone extension cable, don't buy this one
sennheiser.i had a poor experience with sennheiser as a company. i received a pair of hd 265's. these are not inexpensive headphones and wanted closed not open headphones. i unpacked the product and put them to my ears and they broke in half. i had a piece of headphone in each hand. i called the seller and they said send them bak to the manufacturer.  nothing like like making the customer responsible for a problem. i sent them back to sennheiser and asked if i could upgrade to a better headphone such as the 600's and that i would be happy to pay. i have to give sennheiser credit. they did call and offer to uprgrade for $250 plus the hd 265. i explained that i could get a pair of 600's on amazon for less than that and keep the 265's. that did not seem to matter to them. i guess they could not follow the logic of pay more and get less. .my suggestion is to stay away from sennheiser alltogether and take a look at ultrasone, grado, or pioneer. .unlike the ultrasone's these headphones the 600's have an in your head sound as opposed to the much more natural sounding and accurate ultrasone's. these headphones are also very tight and uncomfortable and connot be worn for long..    although i own a pair of sennheiser noise cancelling headphones which i like, i prefer to give business to a company with more character. i also think there are headphones with a much superior build quality and superior sound such as the ultrasone and grado headphones.  when it comes to reviews most people purchase headphones and do not compare and write a review about the only headpohone they have really listened to. the initial impression of most quality headphones is mindblowing. that was my initial mistake. now i have experiences grado's ultrasone's and stax's. save your money and don't buy a name, buy a headphone
very unflat frequency response  headphones.it's unbelievable that a company with a great reputation like sennheiser would release a product as flawed as this one.   the lower bass is artificially boosted and the upper freqs are rolled off.  if you are a true audiophile and truly know what a great headphone should sound like then stay away from the hd 650s
buy this can if you like the ear pleasing sound but avoid it if you want the sound of the real music instruments.this headphones and most of the high-end sennheiser are very well tuned to catch the ears of those "audio enthusiast" who think they know the real sound but they actually never even know how to play a music instrument...sound of this senn's high-end are so ear pleasing..until you compare it with the real things. .:(..if you actually want the pristine sound of the real instrument consider these headphones instead..sony mdr 7509.sony mdr 7506.audio-technica ath-m40fs.audio-technica ath-pro700.akg k240 series..you may not like these studio phones on first listening but believe me they will grow on you like those professional in the studio...moreover, at this price you can get audio-technica ath-a900 or a900ltd which are the better cans for less money..a900 series are high-tech closed cans which provide more clarity than sennheiser 600/650 (open cans) while still maintain on-par sound stage...a900/900ltd are less colored comparing with sennheiser 600/650 too
too bad you have to have a linksys router for this pos to work......if i had known that, wouldn't have bought it
nice idea but poor execution.tried this unit against 2 different wireless routers (linksys and dlink) and it would only function when no encryption was set on the routers.  also, the configuration tool included with the package would not function correctly with the adapter (kept saying 'invalid password').  once the version was downloaded from linksys, i was at least able to configure the unit...gave up in the end and donated them to a church for use with their unsecured network
awful shipping.never buy from amazon. at least i wont ever again. payed for the best shipping on october 5th. its the 14th now and my item still has not arived. its in nj. been there for 3 days now. and amazon didnt even ship it out till the 10th of october!!! a day after there estimate of it getting to me!..amazon is the worst site to buy anything
faulty card not worth price.i used this memory card as the second of two used to take pictures at a high class wedding.  all 526 pictures of the 587 capacity of the 512 mb card were retrieved without any problems.  when it came time to retrieve the pictures from this 1gb card, only 294 were available out of the 800 or so i thought i had taken.  i fould a software program for my computer that claimed to be able to recover lost data on flash memory cards.  badcopy pro found 806 pictures on that card that normal handling only found 294.  all indications is that the card is faulty.  the price was cheap and now i think i know why
beware of kingston rebates!.beware of kingston rebates!..of course, i hope your experience would differ, if you were to buy kingston product(s), but mine was terrible...i bought a kingston compactflash card that offered a $50 mail-in rebate.  i promptly (as in, the day after i received the item delivery) went to photocopy my rebate certificate and upc code and sales receipt; then sent it all on its merry way.  yes, i was well within the rebate period, both for the purchase and for the postmark date.  my purchase was a valid retailer (think huge online e-tailer)...the rebate required sending the entire original upc label, which was like the entire outside package for my cf card, about the size of 1  business cards when flattened.  no problem...about two months later, i get a letter saying "your rebate request was denied because you failed to furnish the appropriate original upc code as required by the rebate offer."..well, now  what?  i can't re-send the original (it was already in their possession).  i called, and they insisted on repeating what the letter said.  i re-sent my photocopies and they said a photocopy is invalid proof of purchase...after another 6 weeks of pursuing this, i figured this is their scam.  they simply wouldn't honor the rebate.  and without the original upc in my possession, i couldn't really submit to their requirements...if you're looking for a ram upgrade, i'd suggest you look at a quality company like ocz (the best!), or patriot, geil, or corsair.  if you're looking for a value flash memory card, i might suggest sandisk...for one, kingston does not make the best products, they are value-driven products...two, there are competitors to kingston with just as good or better value-to-performance ratios at the same prices...three, kingston will not stand behind their customer as i have experienced...i urge you to, please, be cautious of kingston and their rebate scams
poor quality.25 jul 2005 this card developed intermittent errors (corrupted image files) after 4 months and failed completely after 5 months of average use in a nikon d70.  i am back to using a 3-year old sandisk card which has had a lot more use but zero problems...09 sep 2005 edited - this card has a lifetime warranty so i was able to exchange the defective card for a new one from kingston.  so far the new one is working ok.  at least this vendor is willing to replace their product when it is defective
great ink, but way overpriced.for some reason this 0.8 ounce item is considered either too heavy or two large to qualify for free shipping, even when added to a larger order.  save five bucks and pick it up from a local retailer
not enough ink.the cartridge does not hold enough ink. it prints 50 pages maximum. that equates to $.24 / page of copy. waaaaay to expensive...fr
never worked.the unit never worked. it kept loosing the video signal and there was no way to recover. hp support had no solution. also hp hid the customer support phone number (you won't find it any of the documentation). the email support was only marginally better. web discussions of the product indicated that the unit has trouble overheating; i kept cool and it still crashed. the software wasn't much better--it continually hung..i wouldn't recommend buying this unit
bad product.this is the worst product hp has ever invented. after installing a brand new product, i was able to make 2 dvd's. the software that came with it wasn't very user friendly though. and then when i made dvd copies, it got stuck 2 times. then even with technical support, the system keeps crashing and freezing while i'm burning. then it showed a "code 10" which means there is a malfunction in the hp hardware and tech support even said that he expected it! so he suggested to have it exchanged. and i did. then with the newly-opened-from-the box hardware, i was able to burn 2 dvd's and then it malfunctioned again. i already wasted several dvd-r's worth $2 each just trying to get the movie writer to work. don't buy this. it doesn't work. the one star rating is for the 2 dvd's i burned after opening it from the box. other than that, it's a waste of time, money, and effort!!
bad design.beware the product warranty only covers 90 days. my one is broken after 5 monthes. some keys did work first and then lcd could not light up. they set very short warranty in purpose and it is because of bad quality.
doesn't charge the ipod!.i am very disappointed with this purchase. i specifically got this product so that i could hotsync and listen to my ipod for as long as i wanted on my laptop. this should have been possible if this product charged the ipod as it advertised. unfortunately, it does not so i can only access my ipod on my computer when it is charged. i wouldn't be as mad if the product had been cheap, but with the sh it ended up costing me quite a bit for a product i don't even need
start out great... not anymore.when i first bought this machine it worked great and i had nothing but glowing comments about it.  then it started to malfuntion with the "dirty disc" message so i switch to sony dvd-r and that stopped.  but, then it started to not read and burned discs at all. now it won't read any disc and the dics that i burned from old tapes won't play on any machines. i'm glad i saved all my old tapes...i see that they have discontinued this model.  that ought to tell us something. i expected better from sony
are they really worth it?.the apple ipod in-ear headphones is a little bit more expenisve than the regular ipod headphones, so you may think that the sound quality is better...but that's not the truth.  i was excited to try out these new gadgets after i bought them...but they are not user-friendly... .the headphones kit includes 3 sets of earpieces (small, medium, large)...it took me almost an hour to figure out which combination was best for me (even though the best wasn't perfect)...the left side kept on falling off while the right side stayed in perfectly when they are in my ears, so i always have to adjust them from time to time....that is just one of the issues....the sound quality is bad (you have to get used to the "improved sound")...all my songs sounded like fm radio quality when i listen to them with these headphones....as the previous reviewer stated, if it wasn't for the sleek design, these headphones would've gotten a 1! .apple should do something to fix these in-ear headphones....so for now...stick with the regular ipod headphones
cheap!.it worked wonderfully for about a week--i used it to talk to my boyfriend while he is studying abroad. but i went to use it today and the mic doesn't work now. no reason at all ... i did nothing. it just all of the sudden doesn't work
uncomfortable.the headset works well.  the price was cheap.  the only downside is that its uncomfortable.  my ear turn red after 30min of using the product.  it annoys me so much that it discourages me from using it any further.  overall it works fine for its price but as for being comfortable, its hard for me to adapt.  hope this review help those who are seeking a new headset.  if you are looking for a cheap, good one... this is fine if you dont mine having red ears.  i recommend those who are looking for a headset to be highly comfortable with it
not recommended..i don't think people can be too picky about chooing a mouse, especially with optical mice that work with on any surface. however, the following features of this particular mouse really irritate me: ..- short cord length (2ft): limits range of movement, especially when using with a laptop lying on a bed. besides, with this short a cord, rolling around the mouse doesn't offer much of an advantage...- noisy and rough scrolling wheel, feels a bit too bumpy when rolling...the "protective feature" that covers the lens is also quite redundant. in other respects, it feels like a satisfactory run-of-the mill optical mouse
not perfect for anybody.i don't know exactly who these were designed for. i'm a dj, and tried using them for both spinning  home use. i found:..positives:  .* great sound quality.* can take a lot of amplification and bass without distortion.* block outside noise well..negatives:.* they're really comfortable with both earphones on, but hard to wear on only one ear!  they're just not built for it!.* they are huge and feel like they are going to break. they earcups are connected by a very small joint. i was too nevous to actually take them to a gig. .* so, i thought, fine, maybe i'll just use them at home  work and get another set for gigs - but no. these headphones project sound outwards. to people in the room, it sounds like you are listening to laptop speakers. ..so, unless you're a studio dj who works alone, i'd go with the 700'
poor sound or bad luck?.i just received the sony mdr-sa1000 and bought it directly from amazon.  i don't know if i received a fake or what but my headphones' box appeared scratched on the outside which made me question whether it was new, like the vendor claimed.  despite this, the headphone itself seemed new/mint condition.  ..comparing my previous experience with the sony mdr-v700dj, the mdr-sa1000 seems utterly lacking in the bass department.  even when i adjust my equalizer for my songs this headphone reaches nowhere near the volume and fullness of the sony mdr-v700dj.  the bass gets completely distorted when i try to adjust the sound. the volume level it is able to reach is worse than some $30 headphones i've had.  there is way too much treble in this model but what's annoying is that even with sound adjustments, this problem can't be overcome.  considering how much this headphone cost, i am totally disappointed and will buy the sony mdr-v700dj from a trusted vendor...beware buyers!!!
decent, but....i agree with everyone else with the comfort of the headphones and the sound quality...but only one problem.  if you plan to use these for gaming or casual music listening, i recommend you get something else, perhaps some a bit more sturdy like the vj700s.  the only thing that connects the headphones to the earpieces is a plastic piece which covers just a bit under half a centimeter of surface area.  in other words, the only thing that that connects the ear pieces together is a piece of plastic that is about the cross-sectional area of a pencil.  unfortunaly, i had these since july and they broke in the beginning of december of the same year...i contacted sony and because i did not shell out a lot of $$, i was not able to get it repaired unless i paid 60 some dollars.....overall, stay away.  these babies won't last you very long
5 volt only - won't work with wrt54g v.2 or wrt54gquot;squot;.the newer linksys products including the wrt54g v.2 use a 12 volt power supply and will not work with the wappoe.  linksys lists on the product page for the wappoe that it will work with the wrt54g but in reality it will only work with the v.1 and v.1.1 that use a 5 volt power supply
this is a terrible dvd player.it is very difficult to get the player to play many of my dvd titles that work just fine elsewhere.  it also takes an abnormally long time for the unit to recognize and play a dvd.  it responds sluggishly to commands and it frequently just freezes and will not respond to any commands.  i would stay away from this thing
this is a terrible machine,that has been showing up new and used,,for the last 3 years.it is very poor in quality..i owned this this player.it could never play a dvd,without skipping...i exchanged,the unit 3x,with no luck.finally,it only played cd discs...i sold this set for 5 bucks,at a flea market!!if you see this model,run the other way...check out the feedback,from my fellow,reviewers...i hope this helped you..thank you stewart l
phillips ought to be ashamed of themselves!.this dvd player isn't worth the space it takes up in your entertainment system.  i've had exactly the same problem as everyone else - skipping really badly; didn't matter which position i selected in the carousel.  i think i was able to watch 3 movies without disruptive skipping over the last 1-1/2 years.  though i did purchase another one once i realized this was a problem, i kept trying to see if i could figure out what was wrong with the phillips.  i initially thought the dvd was dirty or defective, only to find it played fine in my portable dvd player.  i finally disconnected the phillips and am ready to toss it.  i won't even donate it to a thrift store for fear that some family may look forward to using it only to be at least as disappointed and frustrated as i was.  do not purchase this dvd player unless you're a glutton for punishment
piece of junk!!!!!!!.this was my first stand-alone dvd player and what a disappointment is has been.  a horrendous amount of skipping occurs until the dvd stops playing altogether.  probably put together by slave laborers working for a few pennies a day in red china and it certainly shows it
terrible player!!!!.like many reviewers i've had the same problems.  skipping, stuttering, freezing, all-out refusal to play and restarting.  can't get past the fbi warning on disney dvds.  this is the second unit i have purchased in the last month.  the first i returned to the store thinking i had one defective one.  the second one does the same thing.  frustrating!!!!  had a jvc player for two years that was fantastic till the laser burnt out
bad qa.bought the dwl-g730ap from compusa and tried with 3 laptops. none could comunicate with the unit. exchanged for another, this time i can access the menu after disabled all the firewall (bad practice) but that was how far it could go. it would be great if it works but i am unwilling to try for the 3rd unit. i just stay away from d-link from now on
pny attache.i bought a pny attache flash drive about 3 months ago.  i was happy with it until it failed.  i have tried it on several computers, and the light does not come on and it does not activate
great, but with no support!!!.i am sending my u3 back. it's cool, but they have no support at all. there is no number to call, just posted information.  that is unforgivable!!!.only buy this if you are confident you will never need hardware or software support, ever!
buyer beware.beware -- this item is not being sold by amazon, and they will try to substitute a lesser headphone if they are out of stock!!! pay close attention to the order confirmation email they send!!! mdr-g57g s2 and mdr-g57g are different headphones! when i questioned the sudden change of part numbers from a more expensive to less expensive item my order was cancelled, but i received no response or explanation.
foam earpieces wear out quickly.this is my 2nd pair of these headphones, on my first pair the foam ear pieces wore out, and since these are sony, their are no replacements for them.  so i bought a brand new set of headphones and now these ear pieces have worn out.  they lasted about a year each time.  i'm going to try the jensen behind the ear headphones this time and see if the foam lasts longer
white?  for something i'm gonna sweat on?.i bought one of these w/ my shuffle when they first came out.  i could not find an alternate style at that time.  i run marathons and lift weights, and let me tell you, the formerly white armband is white no longer.  the material is not stretchy enough for weight-lifting either.  i have to adjust it a couple of times during weight workouts as my muscles get swollen w/ excess blood flow as i lift.  when i wear the armband with the device while running, i have noticed that sweat pools in the little usb receptacle.  my shuffle (w/ which i am also disappointed) became rusty at the usb portion and has had to be replaced twice since march 2005.  i tried to get my money back the second time, but to no avail.  bottom line:  apple stuff looks cool, but that's about it.  i'd prefer something ugly and functional instead
a terrible product.the method used to secure the ipod to the band is horrible.  after 20 minutes of activity (jogging), the piece that accepts the usb end came loose, sending my ipod to the ground.  a terrible product.  apple is only concerned with "artistic" styling at the expense of actual function
if they tried, they could not have made it worse!.how could apple design such a perfect portable music player and then put their name on this crap???  way too small, terrible velcro dots that rarely match up, and made of material that might last a week before it breaks.  and the price?  are you kidding me?  i returned this and got the speck armband - much better!!
awful.this is very disappointing. it's huge, cumbersome, and uncomfortable. the worst part is that it's not elastic at all - just a hard rubberized canvas strap - so if you actually put it around your arm, it's alternately too loose and too tight as your arm muscle flexes just during a normal range of motion...plus, locating your shuffle on your arm for jogging or running is just a bad idea. the cord ends up dangling and flapping around too much, getting in the way...i bought this for running after getting new running shorts that didn't have pockets. i ended up switching to a belt clip to hold it to my waistband. much, much better
not for hard workouts at all..i bought one of these armbands for running and it has been nothing but trouble.  this armband appeared to be designed well for running.  given this, i was suprised how much this band doesn't protect the ipod from sweat.  also, the band is impossible to clean without ruining the velcro.  after two months, the band smells really bad (even though it barely gets wet) and i can't clean the smell out.  definitely pick another solution.  some might think smell shouldn't be a problem, but anything that affects your run is a bad thing.
disappointment.after a couple weeks the mouse starty stopping, skipping around, etc.  i do a lot of graphics work and can't even reliably draw a stright line with it.  we're taking it back and buying something else
convenience  of  optical  wireless  mouse.the optical mouse sure is an improvement over the old ball mouse. i don't need a pad and it stays clean and tracks well. the wireless feature is an additional convenience.  what the heck.  a few more bucks for something i use a lot..an unexpected bonus is the built in magnifier.  i am old and half blind and therefore probably more valuable for me than it would others.  i use it a lot
problems connecting with computer.i too saw that my kingston had problems connecting to my pc and mac. it's pretty much 50/50, on whether the computer will detect it or not. i have to then take it out and plug it back in and then usually it will work. recently, it died on me, and because it was only about a year old, i figured i probably had a bad item. whether or not it was shotty workmanship or i just got unlucky, i don't know
keyboard.this is not the keyboard in the picture, however, i kept it because i was in dire need.  these are hard to find in retail stores.
flimsy and delicate.i have gone through two of these keyboards. i really like the comfort and design of this keyboard, which is why i bought a second one when the first one started acting up...i use the keyboard primarily for writing, so i don't pay much attention to the other keys or their position; although, i think some of the keys are a little too small...my first natural keyboard lasted about 18 months until one day it shorted and stopped typing the correct letters. i replaced it almost immediately with the same keyboard because of how much i liked the style and because i was so used to it...my new one, which i bought in july, shorted out after less than a teaspoon of coffe dripped on it. i've had keyboards that have survived major spillage, cleaning products, and being dropped, yet this keyboard died after such a small injury...i have tried to contact microsoft to return it. it's not worth a lot of aggravation, but for $35, you would think it would be a little hardier...not recommended
touch typists (and programmers and gamers) beware.first off, let me say that this is a pretty solid keyboard.  no complaints about the quality...however, be aware that microsoft decided to rearrange several clusters of keys on this keyboard.  the arrow keys are in a diamond pattern rather than the traditional (and imho efficient) "inverted-t".  also, the home/end/insert/del/pg up/pg down cluster has been dissected and rearranged, which causes me no end of grief and mis-keys...as a touch-typist and a programmer, i've come to expect these keys to be in a certain position.  i don't see any added value from microsoft's updated positioning of these keys.  however, they definitely do ding my productivity...your milage may vary
configuration is big task.i bought the product 2 weeks before and i have a thought this will work with all printers but not. d link technical support is very bad i called at least 10 times to find my printer is compatible or not. ..user manual is not complete so configuration is very difficult. changing the ip address manually and re assigning the new ip address is very difficult. and it cause problem for other wireless divices (mouse,keyboard,wireless web camera and external wireless hard disk). because of this product i spend almost 8 hrs to solve other wireless network issues...if you have enough time then it will entertain you
dp 311u does not work for me and the tech support is terrible!.i bought this dp-311u print server. i set it up according to the manual and i can print from different computers to the printer. however, a few hours later, it stopped working. i disconnect then reconnect everything, it started to work again. but a few hours later this same thing happened again. i called the tech people at d-link and started to explain the problem when the line was disconnected. i thought this must be an accident. i called again. after transfering to a different number and waited for about 10 minutes, i was just about to describe the problem again, the line was droped again. i checked my telephone lines, they were ok. d-link's tech support is just a waste of time. by the way, i have other similar products which work fine. ..mike
could be better.this fax works great for small offices or homes. it is very fast and gives you a confirmation to let you know the fax went through. the only problem i have with it is it curls the paper so it is impossible to make copies or scan documents that come in. also, any fax over 2 pages long gets jumbled up and ends up all over the floor.
missed calls.these phones have been terrible. we made the mistake of throwing out our old phones when i got these. they simply don't ring half the time so we miss calls. the panasonic technical support was not helpful at resolving the problem, and i procrastinated beyond 30 days to return them to amazon. now i need to go out and buy new phones to use while i send these back to panasonic to receive "refurbished" replacements
northwestern bell 76510 corded speakerphone.this is a real lemon. the volume does not work properly and distorts the sound. the touchtone keys stick even though i have had this phone less than 6 months. i would like my money back
lame instructions.step.3 ...insert transfer paper with the blank side (printable surface) loaded correctly...boths sides are blank.  i found out the hard way and melted the film on the iron which is now useless...tip:  glossy side is the printable sid
disaster with an iron.don't try to use this product with an hp printer, or using a dark t-shirt. i used a simple two tone image printed with a hp photosmart 7660. while the image on the paper was clear when printed, and i was able to get the paper aligned correctly prior to printing, the final product was horrible. when i peeled back the paper what was left on the dark green shirt was a mess. the image was dim, the residue that remained on the shirt looked like some sort of disease. the final result was the creation of three paint rags, since the images were so bad i wouldn't even wear them to take out the trash. if you need to have a few custom shirts take your image to a local printer and don't bother with this product. what you waste in ruined shirts more than offsets the cost of having the job done right.
junk -- and no support..three gripes:..1) it broke after 2 weeks. the left channel doesn't transmit. it is a transmitter issue, as i've tried replacing the cable...2) the tech support / warranty response was non-existent. i emailed the support contact on the web site and no response. emailed them again and still no response...3) major issue for me, but likely not for most people -- there is a delay in the signal broadcast. i wanted to use these headphones to play my guitar, but i hear the sound coming through at a 1 second delay, so it is impossible to play real time
don't waste your money.when using this headset with my mp3 player it sounds ok (just ok) and has pretty good range......but that's not the main reason why i bought it. i needed a headset for my lg cg300 cell phone, and at more than $150 off retail i thought this would be a great bargain. .the person on the other end of the conversation can barely hear you talk, and the sound of your voice is both muffled and distorted. on your end it really isn't much better. it's pretty much unusable with a cell..i gave it 2 stars because it isn't horrible with my mp3 player but it ain't too good either. for the cell phone though.......it's junk
don't buy it!.good product but software does not install (did not install with my xp system)
good isolation but where's the bass?.i purchased these earphones for my wife for use with an ipod on an overseas trip.  i have large ear canals and she has small ones, so the multiple sizes on the buds that fit onto the speaker units were welcome and did provide decent isolation from outside noise.  they are also much more comfortable than the earbuds that come with the ipod...however, we were both disappointed by the lack of bass response.  i listen predominantly to techno, rock and jazz while my wife listens to classical and pop.  the earbuds that came with the ipod were significantly better than the shure e3s on all styles...the longer you listen the e3s, the better they sound, but the improvement has more to do with getting used to the lack of bass than a real change in the performance of the units.  the earbuds that came with the ipod have a much better sound.  we did find that trying different ear bud sizes and paying special attention to the placement of the units in the ear did help, but not enough in my mind.  ..we ended up buying a pair of the sony ex51s during the trip (approx $30-35).  they have a similar set up, with multiple sizes of rubber buds that fit into the ear canal.  they were as comfortable as the shure e3c's, much less expensive and better sound.  however, if you can find a pair of the ex90s, buy them.  best sound i've found in an earbud.  expect to pay about $100 or so.  they are available in japan but don't appear to have hit the us market yet.
hard to read.quite simply, this caller id display is too hard to read from any angle even if it has brand new batteries in it, and the contrast is turned up all the way.  the display is just too dim.  save your money and don't buy this one
warning  warning   warning   warning.my headphones came broken. i can see the crack in the band and they are still in the packaging!..do not buy..it seems everyone is trying to unload these headphones for rock bottom prices do not be fooled these are trash...my guess is they got my pair back as a return, shoved it in a box and sent it off to me. yahhooo =(...do not buy ..n.s.k..mechanical enginee
oh snap!.stop lauging, this is not a good thing.  right down the middle after 3 weeks. i didn't even use em.  i left em on a table for 3 weeks and they snapped right down the middle.  just sitting there.  i'm sueing because these headphones have evil daemons in them.  it's obvious too.  wtf happened to logitech
beware this and other toshiba dvd players.this player does not play dvds. i would estimate that only 10% of my dvds play without skipping or pausing on this player. my mom also has a toshiba tv/dvd player combo, and it does the same thing...also:.the remote is cheap and the buttons are too small..the response time on menu navigation is slow
unsatisfied.i am dissappointed with this dvd player. as i do not own it, my mom's work has this exact unit, and the people at work are very unhappy with it. ..dvd player - ..the dvd player was good, but not as good as it could be. some discs with some minor-medium scratches and/or fingerprints would sadly refuse to play. the fingerprints could be wiped off, but some dvd with only a few scratches had to be purchased at the store again. otherwise, the dvd picture is very clear and crisp (using a 19" samsung tv) and sound quality is above average. ..vhs player - ..just awful. old tapes, damaged or perfect, would not play. mainly tapes before 1997 would play with bleeps every second, with the tape being in good condition, but would play fine in an old samtron (unknown brand). another dissappointment, which is the biggest one, is that it wouldn't play recorded tapes!!! this was so dissappointing, recorded tapes, from funai to sony to tdk, nothing would play. everything refuses to. either the picture quality was way below average or it would make all of these grinding sounds and spit the recorded tape out. people planning on using this for home movies, recorded from tv, and recorded from camera to recorded tape, you should not buy this. this was so dissappointing, almost half of the library was recorded tapes. ..functions/remote - ..normal dvd/vhs player function. play, pause, stop, rewind, fast-foward, the dvd/vhs switch, etc. the remote was very useful, but it's not universal to change the tv channel to the player. the remote had all of the dvd player's functions. the dvd player doesn't have every function so keep the remote in a safe place. ..overall - ..do not buy this unit. the dvd player works well, but having an old, unknown brand vhs player working better than a toshiba...that's sad. my mom's work will likely be looking for a new unit without toshiba on it...p.s. - you'll find that my review is the same for the sdv392. this is because they are the same unit, only the v393 has a built-in-memory, which is useful, but i still don't recommend it
broken out of the box.read all of the negative reviews here and foolishly ignored them.  the unit would not connect for configuration, despite being tried on three different systems.  i configure waps for a living and it was a huge disappointment to have absolutely no response from this unit.  technical support was also worthless and i spent more time educating the agent about the product than he spent addressing any problems.  returned same day as purchase.  avoid this inferior product!
d-link is garbage.this piece of junk died after less than a year in service.  i have a linksys access point that has been running for over 3 years now.  i'm on my way to get another one of those to replace this inferior d-link product.  do yourself a favor and spend your money elsewhere
dlink is junk!.if your looking for a device to bridge with, as i once did in this device, head on over to belkin's f5d7330 wireless ethernet adapter and read my review. belkin's equipment is so much more reliable, it does what you ask it to and doesn't flinch like inferior dlink and linksys products...this dlink device claims to perform 5 different purposes and can't get 1 straight, it's straight garbage!
false advertising.be careful. this ap in repeater mode does not support wpa only wep.  dlink support can't get their stories straight.  before purchase, an email inquiry regarding wpa support in repeater mode was answered in the affirmative.  upon receiving and installing the unit in repeater mode, wpa options were greyed out.  a subsequent email to dlink met with a referal to phone support. a phone tech gave me a convoluted explaination why the repeater should work, but soon it became clear to himself that the explaination made little sense so he checked with another person. finally, he simply said "it doesn't support wpa in repeater mode, return it to your point of purchase
buyer beware!!!.warning - totally defective product -.my first elbt 585 arrived totally defective, the handset would not charge at all.  after returning to the seller and waiting 5 weeks, the replacement elbt 595 they sent was also totally defective.  the fact that 2 different uniden models were defective reflects an overall problem with their quality control. ..when i called uniden customer service, their  option was to return the entire unit to their texas center
save your money.the phone has the typical confusing, inadequate 100 page manual. further, the manual has the usual poor index, so it is frustrating trying to find the items you are looking for. even if a piece of software or electronic divice is full of great functions, it is useless if it takes a long time, or impossible to figure out. i spent a long time trying to figure out some of the functions, and some i was never able to get. my secretary is very frustrated with this phone...also, even at the highest setting the volume is too low.  poor sound quality...mobile phone won't work with it...this phone is way too confusing, and poor quality for the price
crappy software, crappy support.i thought i'd take a chance on this cam since- as one other reviewer stated- it should be compatible with window xp. i'm running win xp media center edition on a brand new gateway 825 gm. 3400+ cpu, 1gb main memory. essentially no other software installed and no other peripherals installed. shouldn't be a problem, right? wrong!. i installed the software for this cam, downloaded and installed the windows live messenger when promted by installation, followed all the prompts during installation and rebooted. nothing. i got a "initialization error" when starting the lifecam software. device manager and the windows system information reported the camera was "operating properly" but the apps couldn't see the cam or initialize it (yes i made sure i only had one app running that was trying to access the camera). i uninstalled the software and reinstalled it. same result. i tried different usb ports- maybe i had a dead one, same result. i installed yahoo messenger and shut down all the other software, yim said the camera "wasn't plugged in". i uninstalled the lifecam software with all the fancy bells and whistles and left only the drivers. same result. .. i went to the ms lifecam support website. not one mention was made of this type of issue. mostly things about how to connect to someone with windows live messenger (wlm) software and connection issues. nothing on the actual camera or driver/installation errors. ..this product is going back, be assured of that. silly me- thinking microsoft would make a product that actally worked on all of their systems, the ones that are on the shelves and in peoples homes now. i don't care if it's compatible with vista, i don't have vista and probably won't for a good ten years.
break too easily.i had no problem with sound quality, fit or noise canceling. i never travelled with these or jogged with them or ran over them with a steam roller; i just listened to music in bed at night while reading. and they broke. sony could care less - replacements cost more than new and have no warranty. good performance, reasonable price, junk construction, hideous customer service
these are not that good, i'm returning them..the sony instructions state that these work most effectively on lower frequencies.  i found that these do not really work that well in any frequency range...my first test involved sitting in the airport terminal with the headphones on, and turning on and off the noise canceling feature.  i could not distinguish any difference in background noise during this test...my second test involved turning on and off the noise cancelling feature while in flight.  i did notice that the sound of the engines was decreased slightly, but not enough to make me want to keep them...i later listened to another person's over the ear style noise canceling headphones, and they were significantly better at reducing the background noise of the plane...thankfully, the place i purchased them from will let me return them
save your money.i bought these after having good results with over the ears sony noise cancelling ear phones.  mdr nc-11s were a complete disappointmnet.  no apparent noise cancellation and the sound was very tinny.  not nearly as good as the ear buds that come standard with the ipod.  i took them back within 3 hours of trying them at home.  fortunately the store took them back
failed dragon naturally speaking test.pros: nice speakers, neat folding design...cons: despite endorsement from scansoft/nuance, signal-to-noise ratio was unacceptable when i tested it using dns software. if you're buying for voice recognition, consider another product. ..also ran into usb conflict problems...you can do better elsewhere
slips off your head.i tried to like this headset but in the end i returned it to amazon.   why?  it's heavier than i thought and doesn't grip your head.   as a result, when talking on the phone and working you can't tilt your head down.  if you do, it tries to fall off your head..also it is supposed to fold up and be portable.  yes, it folds up. however the big volume control and the folded headset are huge.  not something i can simply slip into my laptop bag and hit the road...sorry plantronics! try again
panasonic cq-c1333u-don't buy this.i got this after long research on the web. the key pads are crampier and the system overheats and skips the tracks after 2-3 hours of play. i will be returning and getting something else
only had 9 months - and broke already!!.i bought these headphones for my girlfriend's ipod and within 9 months - they were broken. i guess i didn't expect much for 7 bucks. next time i know to buy a higher quality item
i've never had luck with sony products....there's little i can tell about the 818lp because my set...broke down after roughly 2 months of use. .other than that, i think that in terms of sound, they're worth the price but for a price just a bit higher you can get the koss spark plug earbuds which outperform the sony 818lp in all aspects. the foam covers are not only difficult to put on, they fall off in an instant, mine lasted one week and one has gone missing, making the other one useless as there is no spare set included..generally, i'm very disappointed with these earbuds, i expected more from sony...much more, but - just because of their sound - i give them 2 stars..
insult to music listeners.i just recieved my earbud which i ordered through amazon. and with the first few minutes, i was disappointed. the earbud sounds more crappy than cheap imitation earbuds sold by the roadside . i was suprised as to how horrible joe satriani sounded using the 818lp.music sounded flat without depth or bass and absolutely tasteless . anyone who even looks for even basic listening pleasure better look elsewhere.i expected much more from a brand like sony
art's minidisc.i made a mistake here. .the cloth covers for the earbuds tore while installing them (cheap).the earbuds are very uncomfortable. they don't fit into my ears properly  keep falling out. .from what little i could hear from them the sound seems v. good..i just can't use them... too bad since they look great...i'll have to find something else to use w/ mz-n510 ck md unit. the supplied phones are really bad!!!
uncomfortable!.female ears may not be large enough to accomodate the ear piece
still needs work.the homedock is nice looking, but there are fundamental flaws that make it unacceptable for most entertainment systems. these are: .- unresponsive remote. the remote works of you aim it just right. but if you're off by a few degrees or don't push the buttons just so, then nothing happens. .- menu missing the navigation capability of the ipod. if you want to do anything more than jump to the next song/picture, you have do this directly with the ipod. .- menu not visible on the screen. given that you can't do much with the remote, this isn't such a big deal. but this would be a necessary ingredient to what is really needed to include the ipod in an entertainment system. ..i'm still looking for a piece of equipment that solves the problem that the homedock is suppose to solve. it seems pretty obvious: a docking station that allows users to use the ipod audio and video features remotely as if controlling the ipod directly. i have not found such a thing yet; hopefully someone is working on it..
remote.i have only had the dock for about 3 months and the remote stopped working.  i purchased a new battery and it still doesn't work.  i now ordered another remote from the dlo website for another 18 dollars - this is really lame because you can't turn it on with out this cheap little remote.  horrible
keeps causing my receiver to shut down.after using this product maybe half a dozen times it started causing my new sony receiver to shut down with a flashing "protect" message on the receiver. when i checked the warranty i saw they give you a whole 90 days, what a surprise. this product is total trash and should be avoided at all costs
poor sound with loud noise.i connected this dock with a ipod video to a marantz receiver with bw speakers.  the sound is distorted and with static sound that is present even with the ipod paused; i tried everything from change the outlet connector to degauss the dock but nothing worked...it looks nice but when you have it in your hand you can feel how cheap the construction is, confirmed by the static sound.  do not buy this unit, look for other docks, specially from hifi manufactures like marantz, denon, onkyo, harman kardon etc.
don't buy.i bought this product and really enjoyed it for a month. then it stopped working. the reason why?  the battery in the remote died. and there's no way to turn on the unit without the remote.  this is an inexcusable design flaw.  worse still, changing the battery in the remote is not simple. and the manual (as well as the on-line pdf manual) say nothing about changing the batter.  i paid almost $100.00 for this piece of junk.  stay away
piece of trash-stereo docking station.i bought this docking station because of its remote and because i wanted to stream music into my stereo...when i first set it up, i recognized immediately that the sound quality wasn't what i was used to.  i looked up the specifications on the box and realized that the docking unit was delivering an analog signal to my stereo. i'm not a techno geek and i'm sure someone will dish me for the pros/cons of analog vs. digital signals...but i didn't like the sound. i couldn't get it to play in stereo let alone allow my denon receiver to do its digital magic (5 speaker surround).  ..seeing that i spent near $90 bucks on it, i figured i'd just live with it.  i would sacrifice sound quality for convenience. (especially since it was my bad for not reading the fine print)...well, after 1.5 months the damn thing broke. i wasn't too worried since the box said it had a warranty.  unfortunately as i read, the warrantee only works if you register in within 30 days of purchase...so i'm out $90 dollars.  i will steer clear of all dlo products in the future and i recommend looking elsewhere for a stereo docking station.  down with dlo products!!!!
it costs too much, and wears out too fast!.i thought belkin was a good name, so i payed $20 for a cable that i could have gotten for $5. after a year of heavy use it developed a short, so i purchased a cable for a quarter of the price, and it's working fine, and i bet it will last as long as the belkin cable did. i have had trouble with several belkin cables: my belkin firewire shorted, my belkin ethernet shorted, and my belkin videobus shorted. it's not the plugs, it is an intermitant short somewhere in the wire, maby it is interferance caused cheap wire
compare to my sound blaster live, i give 2 star for it.the digital out can only support 2 speakers. .so..... after replace sound blaster live gamer with this junk, i have to.return to my analog cable which i have not used for 3 years.
i'm going back to logitech....i play alot of fps games and after reading reviews on a few geek sites i decided to bite and buy this thing.  i don't know if mine was faulty or what but i hated it.  with all acceleration turned off it still had some weird acceleration thing going on.  its almost as if you could fling the cursor around the screen.  in games you could do a 360 with a little flick of the wrist.  the left click button works about %75 of the time.... in a fps game this means %25 more of you dying.  this thing is awkward to hold.  the big flappy rubber buttons seemed kind of cheap and bouncy...they just don't click right.  i modify all the triggers on my firearms so i know exactly when they are going to fire, a very definate and predictable click.  i also modified my older optical mouses' buttons to have a solid definate click.  i would take the actual electronic button from microsoft mouses (because they were more solid and had a tight defined click) and solder them into the logitechs.  i cracked this mouse open to see if i could do the same and found corner piece of the circuit board that had broken off floating around in there.  luckily it didn't take any of the actual circuit with it when it broke.  the buttons were bigger than the microsoft buttons so i couldn't replace them.  the tabs under the button pads also seemed weak and flexible.  lightweight is good, but this thing is too lightweight...  this things contruction doesn't justify the price in my opinion.  i honestly could not tell the difference in accuracy between this and my old mx300, other than the buttons on the mx300 worked and had a solid click after i modified them
unreliable sd card.i have to agree with the previous negative reviewer. i've had the card for about 2 months. at first i was thrilled with the capacity, but one day it just stopped working.  now it will not work with any of my devices or my computer. tech support admitted that the card is only supported by about 10-20% of the items currently on the market that use sd cards, and that it can operate inconsistently or fail when used in electronics that do not support this new technology.  i wish they had disclosed that upfront, since upwards of 80% of the electronics currently on the market are apparently incompatible.  the company said they would replace the card, but that i might have the same problem again. i think that this is a great idea (4gb) whose time has not quite arrived
very unreliable product.i've had one of these for three months.  it regularly would lose files and at times became totally corrupted.  transcend support will not replace the obviously defective card so i tossed it aside...i am now using a pqi 4gb card that has none of the unreliability the transcend card did
this product is worthless.don't pay $350 for device that doesn't work.  gps location at my house keeps changing addresses, none of which are my actual address.  so even if it were to actually text me that my dog is out of the fence (which he is currently according to the command center) i would never really know where he is.  bad product literature. you have to sign up for 2-3 year service cellular service plan that only gives you a certain number of "out of fence" alerts per month(3 on my plan and then additional charges for each alert) has yet to text me that my dog is out of the fence even though the web site clearly states he is out of fence.  batteries only last a few hours when fully charged.  no piece of mind when out of town, or if he gets out and you were to actually know it, you would have very short amount of time to locate a dog that may be within a few blocks in any direction of the address it claims to be
kings of marketing!!!.i have to hand it to apple, they can charge $30 for a pair of socks an people buy them! amazing! i'll just cut up my new gym socks instead.
cute appearance, poor quality....for the price, i would have expected a little bit better quality of a product from apple.  the first sock that i used for my ipod promptly got a hole in it, from very little (and gentle) use.  i guess that's why they sell them in 6-packs...so you can just toss one out and use the next one...but for almost $5 apiece, they are not a good value
it sucks.i bought these for my nano and all it really does is scratch it. i gave it a 2 cuz it keeps it from laying around and getting even more scratched but i guess it wouldn't really make a differenc
who really knows until it's too late....this warranty is purchased through amazon, but it is actually distributed by another company.  when you search for tv warranties on amazon, you will see 4 warranties that appear to be the same, but are different prices.  i called the company that sells these warranties and asked what the difference was.  they told me that there is no difference between the $119 warranty and the $499 warranty; they cover the exact same thing.  the girl i spoke with even asked her manager and he said there is no difference.  warranties are a tricky item to review, because it all looks good until you actually need it.  so, on this one, i suppose only time will tell.  the one difference between the amazon warranty and the electronic store warranty is that the amazon one will not replace the first bulb in the tv; but i figure if i need to replace the bulb within those four years i will still be saving $100 because i can get a new bulb for around $200.
replacement bulbs not covered.the "bulbs" refer to replacement blubs for lcd and dlp hdtvs..i was looking at this service plan and this is what is written in the terms and conditions pdf:.what is not covered: . . .(8) accessories and supplies, including: batteries, antennas, cartridges, styluses, records, audio/video disks, tapes, computer software or disks, print elements, external power supplies, bulbs, spark plugs or filters.other service plans (circuit city) cover one bulb which makes buying the service plan worth while.  not here
problems with two different units.i bought my first lt30hv lcd tv in december, 2004.  after about 8 or 9 months i would continually lose the picture.  after several discussions with customer service (they had me try various things to correct the problem), they decided to ship me a new tv.  i received it in early october, 2005  everything was fine - at first.  about 10 months later, the set started going black after it was first turned on  i had to turn it off  then on again.  over the course of the next couple of months, this problem got progressively worse.  now, i sometimes have to turn it off  on 10 to 20 times before it will stay on.  so, i have had two sets -- neither of which worked a full year.  also, i found out that the second set that was sent to me was a refurbished set.  i have spoken with technical support and customer service on many occasions but they refuse to do anything about it because it is "out of warranty"
not reliable and customer service is poor.everything your read about the picture quality is true... however, this product just isn't reliable.  cost me another $600 to get it fixed and it isn't even 18 months old. i am sure i am not alone since you can see these on that famous auction site may with similar power issues.  customer service from this company is also very poor. if i had it to do over i would not have purchased this product and i probably should not have spent the money to get it fixed. i think it will be just a matter of time before some of these 5 star reviews begin to change their tune
over priced tv.i use this display in my line of work. the quality is generally above average if not that great. the color is not as bright or vivid but the ability to receive and play hd programs does let one peek into the future of digital programmings and that itself is an enjoyable experience. ..the lt30hv has considerable weakness in the dvi mode, often the display will exhibit no picture or incorrect color scheme, 6 months to a year after opening the box. for the majority, this would not be an issue since only very few consumers use dvi mode to watch tv...however a larger concern is that there has been a number of tv that exhibits a water mark patch behind the display screen, the size can vary from 20% to 50% of the screen. this slight discoloration can take the fun out of having the lcd tv. ..for the price advertised here, it is definately not worth it.
lack of useful technical support.problem was that the component video input (ypp) was non functional.  i did not find it possible to contact a real person at technical support and the "phone tree" menu is impenetrable, probably by design.  the email input option for requests resulted in an insulting,lame response to the effect "if you connected your tuner to the ypp input, it should work."  i would not have requested assistance if it had worked!  the component video output from the same tuner works fine with another hdtv i own
it is what it is.low end biometrics....   works when it wants to.   i never got it to work as a login device for windows and my many attempts to use it as a way to save myself from logging into websites didn't prove to be any better than just loggin in using the keyboard.  save your money and buy another toy to play with..
no firefox or windows domain support - deceptive ms marketing.i bought this product on the cool idea that i could log on to any web site with the use of my fingerprint. the dos say that this product "should" not be used in corporate networks so already i was feeling suspicious, but since the store i bought it from has a good return policy, i chose to try it out. well, the product simply does not work if your pc a member of a windows domain (so "should" as stated above is misleading). also, as some other reviewers pointed out, if you don't use internet explorer (a smart thing if you care about security), then you can't use this product as it is hard-coded to work with ie this reader useless for firefox users. this is a cool concept gone sour by stupid / stubborn product compatibility policy and bad software design...if you are cnfortable using ie and only intend to use it in a home environment, by all means, otherwise, stay away from this product...thanks for reading my review...-charli
this does not work with treo 650.i bought the card for use with a treo 650 and i thought it was the phone that had issues. after a month of trying to trouble shoot the phone i happen to try a friend's sandisk 1 gig card for laughs to see if it would work. hello and behold it works fine ! then i tried a mmc card and that worked great in my treo as well !! it looks like this cards is not compatible with all devices !! the product discription does not mention this at all. now it's going to cost me about $20 buck in restocking fee and shipping with amazon to return it.  i guess the lesson learned is don't buy electronics with amazon unless you are absolutely sure of what you are getting, even then look around locally so you can try it before buying.
horrible cam for the purpose purchased..i bought this cam with the purpose of sending snapshots to me during a day for security reasons. it would nopt work. i changed the settings and modified it to try to trigger better but even if i walked in front of the cam it would not send an email. it would send me emails of "green screens" and an occasional actual picture of what i was pointing it at but never did it actually catch motion as far as i am was able to see. after i was having these issues i started looking around at reviews and anyone whom bought this wrote a horrible review. i should have read the reviews before i bought it. i have sent the cam back to amazon. this camera does not work as advertised at all. stay away from this camera if you want to do snapshots sent to your email.
don't buy this.this is one of the crappiest products i have ever bought.  it freezes constantly.  is a pain to setup for wireless and the firmware/software seems to have several bugs...when it does work, the picture is acceptable, but the zone "trip wire" options are too sensitive and will flood your e-mail with useless pictures/videos of nothing moving.  it seems to activate even when the camera shows some pixelization.................in short save your money and buy a more expensive camera
require frequent manual restarts.this camera requires frequent restarts (unplug and plug in again) so it is virtually useless for a security camera...i spent a lot of time configuring the camera. uploaded and installed the newest firmware  (1.06) and viewing software (ipview se) and the camera still froze and dropped of my network frequently...when it was working, i thought the image quality was good and low light feature very good. i never bothered to set up for internet viewing and email notification. ..i returned the camera
this thing is a total piece of garbage.the dcs-950g has problems.  i bought several hundred dollars worth of this camera and didn't find out until it was too late that the things freeze up or crash just about every other day.  i've sent cameras back and had new ones returned to me and they all continue to freeze and don't work very good at all.  i highly recommend that you stay far away from this product and not buy it at all.  you will regret it.  i've been through all the technical steps and even upgraded to the latest firmware 1.06 and now it won't even work with the included ipviewlite software after the firmware upgrade.  the dcs-950g should be recalled by dlink
works but won't stay connected to network.bottom line, don't buy it unless you want to reboot the thing several times a day.  it just will not stay connected to the network more than a few hours at a time.  my other camera (a panasonic bl-c30a) stays connected non-stop without a problem (but it has no audio).  i'm retuning the dlink tomorrow.
wireless headset.when this unit is working, it's great, i have had a lot of problems with it cutting out. i call the customer help line, and they are very nice, but the fixes they have been suggesting are temporary at best. they are now sending me a new battery which they hope will solve the problems but i'm not convinced this will work. great idea, they just don't seem to have the technology down pat
beware of kingston rebates!.beware of kingston rebates!..of course, i hope your experience would differ, if you were to buy kingston product(s), but mine was terrible...i bought a kingston compactflash card that offered a $50 mail-in rebate.  i promptly (as in, the day after i received the item delivery) went to photocopy my rebate certificate and upc code and sales receipt; then sent it all on its merry way.  yes, i was well within the rebate period, both for the purchase and for the postmark date.  my purchase was a valid retailer (think huge online e-tailer)...the rebate required sending the entire original upc label, which was like the entire outside package for my cf card, about the size of 1  business cards when flattened.  no problem...about two months later, i get a letter saying "your rebate request was denied because you failed to furnish the appropriate original upc code as required by the rebate offer."..well, now  what?  i can't re-send the original (it was already in their possession).  i called, and they insisted on repeating what the letter said.  i re-sent my photocopies and they said a photocopy is invalid proof of purchase...after another 6 weeks of pursuing this, i figured this is their scam.  they simply wouldn't honor the rebate.  and without the original upc in my possession, i couldn't really submit to their requirements...if you're looking for a ram upgrade, i'd suggest you look at a quality company like ocz (the best!), or patriot, geil, or corsair.  if you're looking for a value flash memory card, i might suggest sandisk...for one, kingston does not make the best products, they are value-driven products...two, there are competitors to kingston with just as good or better value-to-performance ratios at the same prices...three, kingston will not stand behind their customer as i have experienced...i urge you to, please, be cautious of kingston and their rebate scams
suddenly stopped working in my minolta.i have had this 512mb kingston cf card for about 2-3 years now, and my minolta camera suddenly can no longer access it.  i tried reformatting it in the camera, but i'm getting a "cannot access card" error message.  never had this kind of trouble with sandisk ultra ii cf cards.  fortunately i had just moved photos off of it before it decided it wanted to have a nervous breakdown.  but i will not be buying any more kingston products.  too unreliable.
kingston = slow.this kingston card uses a multi-level-cell (mlc) flash made by toshiba and writes much slower than the single-level-cell (slc) models. i would avoid kingston if you have a high resolution digital camera or frequently use the burst mode on your camera to take several pictures back to back. for mp3 players or lower resolution cameras, this card may be fine. just keep in mind that it will also take longer to write mp3s from your computer to this card than it will with others. i would opt for a card made by simpletech, which is in the same price category but much faster
lexar dropped the ball.this is my third lexar jumpdrive, i have the original purple usb 1.1, a 512mb secure, and now the 1gb lightning.  i expected great quality as before, with a metal case, you expect durability, but this unit falls short.  the size is great and i got it at a great price, however now 4 months after purchase the cap will not stay on, it pops off all the time, i have had to crawl half way under my car twice to get it.  i have always been impressed with lexar, but this item falls far short compared to other units they have made.  i would suggest saving your money.
very poor quality.we purchased 21 of these. 20 out of the lot are defective. the lightning "jump drives" have a rubber/plastic molding that holds the front and back of the jump drive together. the cap is built the same way. upon removing the drives from the package, and removing the caps, most of them cracked and parts of the plastic fell off. we contacted lexar (brush up on your indian language skills before calling) and did not get anywhere with them..... i would not recommend buying from lexar. we returned the products to pc mall, and exchanged them for sandisk cruzer titaniums. much better!
very bad purchase.i was expecting a little more smooth control to this flash drive but it is so frustrating.  some of the features did not even work with my jumpdrive such as hiding the "secure" drive.  i can never safely remove my drive from my computer because it always says it cannot.   the instructions say that the "secure" drive needs to be hidden in order for to safely remove it but it doesn't work.  it always takes so long just to get the thing safely out of my computer.  i could just pull it out but i'm afraid it could lead to data loss.  .the encryption seems to be the only real feature that works properly but everything else seems too clunky.  i regret ever buying this device.  go with sandisk
speedy transfer rate but poor design.i had this drive for 5 months till its demise on 13 dec 2005. within 2 days of receiving the drive the plastic (yes, plastic!) molding to hold the cap in place wore off, so the cap stays on very loosely , if at all. i stopped wearing the drive around my neck for that reason. for that matter, i stopped using the cap!..the desgin is essentially a stainless steel casing but with plastic support at the side and around the port itself, the molding around the port begain to breakoff, forcing me to use glue to keep it on....my drive finally met its demise by being literally pulled out of its casing by my bumping against it and hooking the lanyard i had for it, while  being plugged into a computer on the floor . the thing actually works still, but it's like a snail without its shell and the usb port is bent where it can break off from the now exposed mini circuit board. the casing is partially split - along the sides - where the plastic is. a little extra force and i can split the casing in two. the stainless steel is a waste of time. only there for looks and nothing else...i bought it thinking it would be a tough flash drive. i was quite wrong...i'm sorry, this is my 3rd - and final - lexar drive that i shall own. i'll give sandisk a try ... or anyone with a proper drive design
disappointment from lexar!.i'd give it 0 stars if i could.....i purchased this drive specifically because i expected it to be made better and last longer than other more "plastic" drives i have owned.  boy, have i been disappointed.  within the first week the plastic inner collar that holds on the cap began to disentegrate!  i should have returned it immediately, but it did not appear to cause much problem with the cap staying on...so what the heck.  well, now that i am three months into owning this thing, the entire casing has fallen apart.  i have contacted lexar for replacement under the "limited lifetime warranty" and the offshore tech support representatives have run me around and around for two solid days (so far) without  providing a return authorization - saying only that they are experiencing technical difficulties in issuing the rma...keep waiting!  and, this is on the lexar online chat support because i can't get anyone at lexar to answer the phone!..i use a jumpdrive everyday in my work and it has become an essential - but lexar does not seem to care about my inconvenience!  they won't care about your problems either!..stay away from this jumpdrive!!  buy anything else!!  you'll be happy you did!
dont waste your money.i bought this drive because of its high speed and good look. as one of the reviewer pointed out the the joints are made of poor quality material and it came off within a month and soon it will be unusable. i am returning it
very disappointed!.expected first rate quality considering the product specifications and the hype from lexar. within 1 week after receiving the 1gb lightning the rubber/plastic fittings where the cap connected with the device started to crumble. first a small piece came off then a larger piece until finally the cap would not stay put - basically the black plastic was brittle and i have to say i treated the unit with kid gloves. i asked lexar to replace (swapping out so that i could still have a usb drive even offered my credit card to enable a warranty cross-shipment type arrangement) but all they wanted to do was have me send it in and wait 2-4 weeks for a replacement. this was unacceptable to me so i returned the lightning drive for a full refund...until they improve the quality control on their manufacturing process i would stay away from this product. i have instead decided to try the sandisk version with the disappearing usb connector (i.e. it has no cap to lose or become a problem)
too much static.based on reviews posted on amazon, i purchased these speakers.  was very disappointed in the sound quality.  a great deal of static / white noise
no up to scratch.sorry to disgree with the other reviewers, but i found the performance of these headphones well below par.  i bought them for my wife before we flew to germany, and i have tried them out on a number of flights since.  i have found myself switching the noise cancelling on and off a number of times to check if it is actually doing anything...i also found that wearing the headphones for any longer than 1 hour makes my ears hurt because of the pressure on them...in comparison, i also have the a set of targus headphones, and these are brilliant.  when i switch on the noise cancelling, i have to turn the audio on the in-flight entertainment down to it's lowest level, otherwise it is too loud now that all the background sound is removed...regards,.bret
convenient but repairing one component is a pain.i have had this model for 2 years now and the dvd player suddenly stopped working.  i have to send the whole thing to get it repaired.  it is just not worth it!!  when it worked, it wasn't bad.  since the dvd and vcr are all inbuilt, i needed only one cable to hook this set up in our bedroom (no clutter!).  however, keep in mind that even if one of the component breaks, you have to send the whole thing back!
erroneous description.i found this paper on amazon as an accessory to the olympus camedia p-400 printer.  this paper does not fit the p-400 because this paper is too wide.  thus, with the p-400, this paper is useless
piece of junk.product was $2.50, shipping was $7.50.  i have a 2004 4runner w/ cd/tape.  this product works well for about 1 song and then quickly gets grainy, full of static and poor sound quality.  for $10 i thought that i would gamble and hopefully come up a winner.  keep your $.  the thing is junk.  i don't know why it works for a moment and then doesn't but it's frustrating and fiddling with it while driving is just plain dangerous
ed.the tape is really bad. it's noisy and one of the channels doesnt even work.
not worth the 5 bucks you pay.i bought this piece of junk thinking i would try my luck since it was only 5 bucks. well, now i know, i should stick to the casino's if i wanna try my luck. the tape was reversing from side a to b continuosly. so, following the instructions of another user, i opened the tape and took out the black wheel next to the cassette head. that stopped the reversing, but the volume was so low you could barely hear it even after turning up the ipod's and the stereo's volume. i have a 30 gb video ipod and a volkswagen passat factory installed monsoon audio system. do not buy this piece of junk, keep looking. i heard the sony cassette adapter is good, so i'm gonna try that next. good luck..
would give it 0 stars....do not buy this card! i had one of these pny cards a couple months ago because they were cheap, and i needed a large card on a vacation. so i was taking apporx, 200 photos when all of sudden, all of them got deleted and my camera started saying "card cannot be read". i thought it was my camera hoping that the precious once in a lifetime photoes were not deleted, then i brought it to a computer and a print store, no hope. so now all of my photos are gone, office depot has the worst service in the world, and there is no consumer support for pny!.i am beyond aggravated..
doesn't work.i purchased this pny 1g sd card from bestbuy and it it didn't work right from the get go.  my ipaq wouldn't recognize the card and the  card reader in my laptop would recognize the card, assign it a drive letter, but would not let me access it or format it for use.  i eventually returned it to the store and bought another brand.  on another note, pny's web page was of no help and their customer service department doesn't return calls.  my advice is don't waste your time with this card
terrible customer service.the product was satisfactory...the customer service provided by tigerdirect and by amazon.com was terrible!!!!!..as a result of the customer service failure you are losing a long time amazon customer...i have just purchased a set of speakers from buy.com, i would normally have gone to amazon for such a product.  i did not even look for them at your website...if you are at all interested in my problem please review the entirely unresponsive response i received from your customer service group...john m. cronin
slo-o-o-o-w.bought one for my treo 650.  read speed seems ok, but the write speed is horrible!  when using voice recording software, the card was too slow to properly write the .wav files, and everything i recorded was garbled and useless.  when doing my daily data backup, the process took at least 10x as long as with my sandisk card.  even the garbage no-name card that i got free with my treo is dramatically faster...i hate to admit it, but it never even occurred to me that there could be such a dramatic difference in quality in such a simple product.  i will never buy anything but sandisk again!
poorest service and quality.save your money and do not puchase this product. customer service is poor. long waits and non professional technicians. bad line connection makes it you think you are talking to someone on a cell phone. they are clearly not trained on the product. every transfer i was cut off. poor camera. only good for still pictures and recording does not function
don't waste your money or sanity.this is the 3rd and 4th d-link product i have bought.  not one of them work properly. media centre took 8 hours to set up wirelessly and still requires manual reconfiguring, d-link wireless usb requires constant re-setting. just received 2 x dcs900w internet cameras. first one set up reasonable easilly . the second one i have spent an entire 8 hours on, and still the d-link setup software will not even recognise the hardware. whatever you do - don't buy this product - or if you insist on wasting your money, make sure you have a hammer to smash it with after wasting days in futile efforts to set them up
reliability and poor documentation are problems.i have three d-link cameras - two dcs-900w and one dcs-950. all three required firmware updates, all three came with obsolete viewing software, two have had to go back for repairs (one 900w and one 950) --- and they're giving me problems again. unfortunately, they're 200 miles from here, and i can't easily get to them, so reliability is an issue with me..   then there's the documentation issue. there's no hint of the fact that the latest version of their multi-view software (which lets you look at up to four cameras at the same time) doesn't work with anything under windows xp, or that the only browser that works with the 950 is internet explorer. local setup on a network is fairly easy, but going through a firewall creates problems, the least of which is that it is difficult to test from inside the network. the documentation mentions three ports that need changing, but doesn't explain much about what they do (and the 950 has a fourth port that the documentation doesn't even mention)..   the dcs-900 descriptions mention motion sensing, but they don't tell you that this function has to be implemented remotely - that is, the camera is set up to stream continuous video to a remote computer, and it is the computer that then monitors for motion and records it when detected. .   as to video quality - the 950 is fairly decent, but the 900 is much worse. the 950 has a mike for audio, and it works fairly well from inside the firewall, but i still haven't figured out how to access it from outside. and the faq on dlink's web site contradicts their manual..   i like the fact that d-link supplies a program to view multiple cameras at the same time, but not all d-link cameras work with the same program version, so you can't mix other models or brands. (the d-link web site has a later version that supports both the 900 and 950 models, but this one has some installation problems and run-time errors.).   my overall impression - d-link rushed this out the door and it shows
warning - does not help with socket strips.i bought this product so that i could plug more items with bulky adaptors/transformers into a strip of sockets.  this product does not help much.  the plugs are too big to fit next to each other in a standard multi socket strip (i tried three different ones)
very disappointed.there was a defect in the memory card that i purchased.  i only found this out when i tried to use it in my digital camera on my vacation overseas, and it did not work.
finally recieved payment.i had the $99 replacement plan.  when my dvd player broke, i called the company as instructed and waited for an rma that was supposed to be emailed to me.  it didn't show up.  i called about twice a week for 2-3 months, gave them 3 different email addresses and my home mailing address without receiving anything.  finally, someone at their company just mailed me the replacement check and it arrived in the mail.  i would have rated this one star but i did get the money afterall.  they probably make their money on people giving up and not demanding their refunds..
don't buy this plan!.i had the opportunity to buy this plan for an audiovox portable dvd player.  i don't usually buy extended warranty/service plans but since the portable dvd players are somewhat still new i decided that for $19.99 it was a good deal.  was i ever wrong.  when my dvd player went belly up in less than 6 months, i called new and they told me i paid amazon too much for the plan and that it would not cover the repair or replacement.  did i hear that correctly?  yes, i paid too much, and now they won't honor my plan!  i went back a second time and they agreed to override the price i paid but i have never heard back from them since.  so i have gone back to amazon for resolution and in the meantime bought another dvd player, got the local retailer to double the warranty, and now will have to fight with amazon to get my money back for the plan and the dvd player that does not work
mac is not well supported.i think maybe i'm having a bad experience with wrt54gs because i'm using both xp and os x. every other day, the router stop responding, then i can't even connect to the router until i reset it...i upgraded the firmware to the latest, 1.50.9 released 10/1/06. it worked fine for a couple of weeks, then my mac mini couldn't get any dhcp assigned, even it was connected with ethernet. this is a known problem, but linksys hasn't been updated their firmware, and the user can't download older version of firmware from their site...i didn't see apple os x as one of supported os, so i guess it's not a linksys' fault. but if you're using an os x, you should avoid this router
meh... it's a cover..gets in the way of the buttons. i don't use it. not to mention that it picks up all kinds of lint and garbage on it.
it helps, but it isn't the best.will it help if the player falls to the ground? .probably. .does it have a way to attach to a carrying case, armband, etc? no.is the price worth it? .it depends, bm stores it costs $12-$15, amazon much less.would i buy again?.no, i would get another type of protector that has an armband, or other way to carry my e26
everything sticks to it.i bought this case because it was cheap but i haven't used it because dirt and cat hair just cling to this case.  the case doesn't even have a clip so it's pretty much useless.  yes it will protect your player, sort of but it bulks it up when you have to carry it in your pocket.  i bought the dlo action jacket for the sansa sandisk e200 series which protects the screen and has a clip and armband. the dlo case is the way to go!!!
s o o o    s l o o o w w w w w w w.i was very excited to get this card adapter so i could stop using my external usb device to down load photos.  i popped it in and inserted my 4gb card which wasn't nearly full, and it told me the estimated time to finish was 25 minutes!!!  i couldn't ever remember it taking that long, so i cancelled the transfer after watching it for about 5 minutes or so just to make sure it wasn't going to speed up or equalize or something.  i put the same card in my usual usb card reader and it started the transfer (of all photos, not just the remaining ones), and it took 7 minutes to complete.  i don't think that usb 2.0 is slower than pcmcia bus, because you can get a usb 2.0 pcmcia card adaptor!  i can't figure out why a simple device would cause the transfer to take so long.  it wasn't really worth the effort to return the opened $12 item and get charged a restocking fee, so i still have it, but i only use my usb card reader.  maybe it would work better as a coaster for drinks or something!
constant connection problems.i have bluetooth built in to my laptop (dell inspiron 9300) and i haven't had problems with anything except for this keyboard and mouse.  the mouse works fine except that it's kind of jumpy.  the keyboard requires me to go through the bluetooth reinstall process every couple days...i've given up on these products.  i'll wait a couple years until the bugs are out
product description wrong.this item came up when i searched for wireless speakers. they are not. i have to pay to have them shipped back now....
not wireless.the speakers come up when you browse for wireless speakers.  we bought them thinking they were wireless and they are not.  we plan to return them.  the info regarding these needs to be much clearer
speakerphone does not work.i bought this phone brand new. unless your mouth is within a foot of the mic, the other party will not be able to hear you while you are on speakerphone
worst phone ever! buyer beware.i took back the first model of this to the store because if the phone was moved at all when the speaker was on, then it would hang up. but at least people could hear you. ..this new one still has issues - people can't hear you when you are on the speaker phone...if you are not planning on using the speaker phone functionality, then you are probably going to be okay, but if you are getting it for the speaker, then forget about it
speaker ok for listening but not talking.it's ok if you want to listen to your voice mail or when you're on perpetual hold but you cannot carry on a conversation because the microphone doesn't work. the only reason i gave it 2 stars was because you can listen which is good for something.
buyers, beware.skype 1.2* for linux is somewhat temperamental, to say the least. it requires some tinkering with sound mixers and drivers to get the program to work, and when it does, an ordinary microphone produces terrible feedback. so it seemed a good idea to order this device, reportedly equipped with feedback elimination technology. ..alas, this product may work very well, but it is not a plug-and-play device. it works only on windows operating systems, and very likely requires a late-model xp system to run properly...however, as of last week when i ordered this device through amazon, from a marketplace seller, (and as of july 7, 2006, as i write this review) the manufacturer had not yet included that very pertinent information on the amazon product page. ..thus, i received my vosky unit on wednesday, plugged it in and was very disappointed to discover that it simply will not run on my computer. ..not only does the accompanying software program only run on windows. the owner's manual also omits any information about how to construct a workaround to run the device on linux...the device did recognize my land-line phone, and my land-line dial tone came through loud and clear. but the computer did not recognize the presence of a ubs phone device...a little further research proved that this product is also useless on mac computers...in addition, the usb cable is much too short. it is barely long enough to reach from the back of a computer to the phone, even one on an adjacent table...as to how the item works on compatible windows machines, please consult other reviewers. i gather, even there, results are mixed. ..a final caution: if you actually plan to try this device when you get it, review return policies very carefully first. ..do not buy from a marketplace seller, as at least one is less-than-forthright in return policies stated on its amazon pages: nothing indicates that full refunds are given only for unopened packages. yet the seller insisted that a restocking fee would apply to my return, in addition to my original shipping payment. the loss would have been a quarter of my total cost...what saved me in this case was the amazon a-z marketplace guarantee. the thing is simply not what it was advertised to be
great idea, weak execution.i bought this on amazon, and it performed so poorly that i had to return it.  in theory, the product is fantastic -- it lets you use your existing 'normal' telephone to dial and receive skype calls. in reality, however, it's a buggy product that simply does not pass any semblance of quality standards. the big problems:.1. it has some flawed usb interface such that the software you load onto the pc never finds the device on the first try. you have to manually unplug and replug the device into its usb port to get the software to 'see it.'  ..2. the interface with skype is very klugy. it changes skype's audio in and audio out settings to direct skype to use the actiontec drives instead of your pc's microphone and speakers.  that's okay when you're using a phone connected to the device for skype calls, but when you want to use your pc again, you have to manually change back all the settings. ..3. the sound quality is excellent, but the mic quality is atrocious. i tried everything option i could, but i was never able to get the other party on a skype call to hear me clearly. it's probably a very cheap processor in the box that doesn't properly encode my speech or something. in the end, it worked about 2% of the time, and the other 98% of the time the person on the other end of the call hung up on me because they couldn't hear or understand what i was saying.  ..bummer, because i really wanted it to work. but it's just not ready for primetime.  i'm waiting until a reputable ce brand like linksys or logitech comes out with the device
it's a friggin' usb extension cable!!!.how can they even call it a dock connector?  it's just a mere usb extension cable, nothing more.  u know what?  just go and buy urself a usb hub for like $20, and u'll get not only the supposed dock connector, but also, u'll get a few more ports.  they need to reduce the price of this thing, no way does this merit $30.  if they had at least added a line out and made it a two headed usb cable, then, it might be worth it
sticking with plantronics... thanks..i bought this headset thinking to replace my aging (yet still functional) plantronics that i've used every day of the week for 5+ years...well, i'm still with my old plantronics, and after using this, i'll probably replace it with a similar model from them!..the good:.1) the ear pad is comfortable and largish, which works for me.  i like a headset that feels comfortable against my ear for long periods of time (as in many hours)..2) the price here is a third of what i paid... can't believe i didn't research this, but i fell for the old "if it's expensive, it has to be good" marketing ploy at an office ***-***** style store...the bad:.1) the bumped out hard rubber piece that sits on your non-listening ear was both uncomfortable and shaped the opposite of how it will fit your head.2) the "mute" button only works while you hold it in.  how does that help me on a 2 hour conference call?  my plantronics has a switch..3) no voice volume boost?  come on!.4) the "noise cancelling" is also "voice cancelling" to some degree.  i had to increase my volume just to be heard.  this was the main reason i ditched it after two days of testing with a newer phone system.  it turns out that my panasonic 2-line 5ghz cordless units also lower the output of my voice, but this thing does too.  going back to my old headset made it more reasonable for others to hear me.  i don't have to shout as often (the problem with my new phone system made me question if i was being objectionable about the headset at first).5) the fold out style of the headband is pretty inflexible and seems sort of pointless.  i found that it dug into my head a little...i've always been one to try new technology, and this looked on par with my original headset.  i was (and still am) firmly in the plantronics camp, but i thought i'd give it a try.  sorry to say that i did.  after this, i may never try another brand.  (no, plantronics didn't solicit this review, but they sure could send me some money if they feel like it!) ;-)..don't buy it.  you'll probably return it just like i did
double check your items..it was offered as an accessory to the panasonic phone that i had purchased, but on receiving the items the phone and the headset were not compatible..so make sure you check clearly before you buy, just because it is offered as an accessory does not necessarily mean it is compatible
not a borderlless photo paper.it is usable, but it is not a borderless photo paper plus. something is wrong with the number (7980a022). if you order this photo paper, it will come as a regular canon photo paper plus, glossy, but not borderless
disappointed.not recommended unless you enjoy frustrating tinkering!..i have not been able to get the adapter to pair up with my hs820 motorola headset and while the bluetooth driver is able to pair up with my motorola v505 phone, the motorola phone tools software is unable to communicate with my phone using the bluetooth connection...i believe the hardware is fine, but the software and user manual are terrible!  broadcom who is the real manufacturer of this bluetooth part before iogear sticks their name on it needs to hire some real software engineers!..for reference, i am running windows xp
doesn't seem to work.i may have bought a lemon, but so far.....1) neither imac recognises it as anything...2) a windows xp system, after loading the software, sees an "unknown usb device" but can't decide what it is...various reinstalls of software have done nothing whatsoever...i don't recommend it
no volume control? runs on batteries?.i got an ipod nano about a month ago and wanted some speakers. i got these speakers because they were cheap and was a good company name. i got these speakers delivered 2 weeks ago and plugged them into my nano. they sounded soooooooo bad! ..1. no volume control.2. batteries die out too quickly.3. no bass.4. sounds fuzzy.5. cord is too short.6. too small for big sound..[...
lap cooler died within a month.i've had the lap cooler for about a month and just noticed yesterday that the fans stopped working all together.  i'm not sure what happened, but i surmise, if overworked (left on for a long period of time), that the fans will burn out.  ..the product did work for the month and i was seemingly satisfied (although my 15" macbook would slide off if it wasn't on a sturdy surface.) -- hence, not a lap cooler, but a desk cooler.  ..i'd suggest you think again before purchasing this brand of lap cooler.  perhaps one that doesn't haven't to connect to your usb.
not recieved.i ordered this product in august and have not recieved it yet. i just want to cancel the order.
bad product.1. my head is not as big as neal cuveto, but the plastic arm broke after 1 week of wearing..2. after about 2 weeks of use, the battery dies as soon as i put it on my head, or i put my hand between 2 ear pieces. i have to keep it charged all the time. it is not wireless anymore
sizing is an issue..in short, decent sound was not offset by a high degree of discomfort from wearing these.  they weren't particularly adjustable, and so if you don't have a head that happens to work for them, it's not going to work...i'd recommend trying out a variety of headsets first, then checking the brands that seem to work for you.  in the meantime, until the manufacturers realize that there is perfectly adequate "fitting technology", we'll stick with things that cost a fifth of what we're paying for here and give a lot more
ok with some design problems.am trying to make due with it since i purchased.  it's overpriced by $7 compared with the spartan sports talking pedometer (almost the same product except different colors for plastic).  the stride mechanism also sticks occasionally and i have to shake the device to get it to work..i agree with previous comments - there are some problems. it's too easy to accidentally press the button on top that turns on the very annoying music, and it's too easy to accidentally press the button on top that turns the alarm on, and it's too easy to accidentally press the big button on the front that will speak the number of steps and distance you've walked.
not good.i bought and returned this item, of course still waiting to get my money. sound is horrible. i bought this because i like altec speakers a lot, but this turned out to be a worthless piece, not sure if i got the 1/100 bad pieces
beta software.this software should be labeled a beta software until the company works out all its problems, it should be never compared to garmin or magellan, i owned both and it does not even come close..i will start with the pros since it will take the least time to mention..pros: convenience of having a gps loaded on your phone, the gps receiver can be left in the vehicle except when you are hiking for example...cons:.inaccurate maps (we are talking miles not feet!), difficult of use, cumbersome menus, lack of poi's,  wrong poi locations, crashes often and the list goes on......maps:.the inaccuracy of the maps are incredible and can lead you to a wrong place or miss a free way exit..maps are out dated, it did not show streets that have been updated on all map search engines 18 month prior. .you can not click and pan the maps to see the route ahead..crashes often, about once every 2~3 days..poi (points of interest):.again incomplete, inaccurate and difficult to use. for example if you are looking for a certain store and the search returns 6 and let us say the first 3 are approximately 3mi from where you are, you will not be able to select each one to further know more info - all you can do is pick one to get the directions to..customer service:.not very helpful, not knowledgeable about their products or offers and take long time to answer questions or concerns...i am disappointed at the product which could have been an incredible for the convenience, i hope that the people involved in making decisions for the company go out and buy some different gps units and see how they can improve their product, until then it should be, and i say it again, labeled a beta software...thanks for your time reading my review!
not for usa and palm treo.i have had nothing but problems with the tom tom support. they have no us phone numbers and their website is not very helpful. if you want a palm treo gps navigator i sugest you go with someone else
cool product, but fails an essential test - accurate maps!.i've been really trying to like this package, using it now for close to five months.  in that time i've logged well north of 8,000 road miles...i'm running it on a t-mobile mda with a bt338 bluetooth gps...installation originally was a royal pita - the installer on the first cd did not work at all.  i finally managed to work around this using their "patch" on their web page, and got both the application and maps (along with a voice) loaded on my sd card...pairing the bt gps was not obvious either in terms of setup, but once i had that figured out, it worked...the good:..1. it routes nicely most of the time and the instructions work.  it'd be nice to have the program actually use voice generation if its available (e.g. microsoft voice command is loaded) so that it speaks the actual names of streets and such, but i can live with "turn left" - most of the time.  where does it screw you?  when you come to a complex intersection and there's more than one "left!"  now you have to look at the screen - not too cool when you're driving...2. the "touch anywhere to get the manu" is good...3. most of the time, you can hit the end key on the phone and get the main top screen back, while leaving the application running.  this is useful - when it works.  inexplicably, sometimes tt has "taken over" and there's no way out except to quit the application.  i've been unable to figure out what makes it do that.......4. if a call comes in, tt mutes and you can take it, but it remains running.  i like this - a lot.  it then unmutes when your call is over, and back you go...5. you can operate it without using the stylus, touching the screen, just like it should be.  excellent...ok, so what's not to like?  unfortunately, the maps...the maps in this product are severely out of date.  for instance, there's a section of us-31 in south alabama that i travel from time to time.  tt insists that it is not there at all.  this is not a new road - it hasn't been changed in the 5 years i've lived in this area.  the application simply freaks out and tries to route you down all sorts of little streets in this area, which is not cool.  if you were coming into this area without knowing this, you'd get severely lost listening to the device - when the right thing to do is just keep driving.....likewise, there are multiple pieces of roads in sc, north of dothan al and elsewhere that i also know haven't been added in the last couple of years, yet they too are simply "not there" or are way off.  and these are not small secondary streets either - we're talking major throughways...there are also significant errors in some parts of the us that haven't been updated in twenty years.  for instance, northern michigan near traverse city.  i attempted (foolishly) to run a route to a hotel there that's been there since i was attending school up there in 1981 - tt insisted that the destination address was more than twenty miles from where i knew it was. the bad news is that this corrupted its idea of "best route" into the general area; good thing i knew better than to follow it or i would have been hopelessly lost.  again - this is not a "new" address - its a hotel i stayed at in 1980!  good thing i knew where i was going.......essentially anything built in the last 5 years is asking for tt to claim that the address itself does not exist and default to a "range".  that's ok in urban areas and will usually get you reasonably close.  in rural areas the "range" might be 5 - or more - miles away.  a horse ranch in seiverville tn that i tried to route to - established in the 1980s - was one of these; tt had absolutely no clue where it was in terms of address and tried to take me down what was definitely the wrong road, but when driving there magically the streets were all on the map!  huh?..as for the poc database, that's at least as bad, if one looks at completeness.  how about this?  select southeast, then try to route a route to the poc called "walt disney world" under "amusement parks."  do 'ya think tt ought to know how to get there?  does it get any bigger than that?  guess what - it doesn't have it in the list!  nor does it have mgm studios listed.  but "walt disney animal kingdom" is, and so is epcot.  tell me how that makes sense - please?  local stuff is even worse - of the larger restaurants around here that i know have been here since at least 2001 (when i moved here) at least half are missing.  how does tt decide what to include and what not?  who knows...there appears to be no way to get updates to the maps.  at all.  tomtom's web site is completely silent about updates to software or map databases, and their "online" service offers city-by-city add-on maps, but are they more current?  no way to know - and i'm not about to buy one-at-a-time to find out either - never mind the expense.  how about accurate maps in the first place?..other complaints:..the software doesn't know how to read contacts off the pda/phone.  this is such a simple thing that you'd think they'd have it in there - but its not.  dumb...there's no good way to route on a certain street.  you can set one (and only one) "waypoint", but you can't tell the software "use route 90".  this sucks if you know what road you'd like to be used for a specific part of your route, but want the software to handle the rest.  attempting to approximate this using the waypoint feature usually leads to really bizarre routings..... .."shortest" is a waste of time.  it'll be "shortest" all right - right down every residential street between where you are and where you want to go.  "fastest" is the only reasonable route option to use, unless you want one of the specialty ones (bicycling?! ok, i guess that makes sense)..time to destination is stupidly off on many non-freeways.  basically, it appears that the software thinks of everything off-freeway as being 25mph or somesuch!  i've had it claim that a 50 mile drive on surface highways, all of which is a 55 or 65mph zone with the exception of a few small "one light" towns where you have to slow down for a couple of miles, is a 2+ hour trip.  balderdash.  it appears that the "speed class" on any road that has a slow zone in it is set - for the entire duration - as that slower speed.  this is a major botch and makes time prediction for anything other than freeway driving rediculously wrong.  freeway speed zoning appears to be wrong too, but less badly - it sure isn't 70mph through all the 70mph states.......no automatic day/night palette switching.  this one is so easy i'm shocked, to be honest.  oh well; a few clicks does it...the software is a total cpu pig, to the point that it blows up voicecommand if called while its running.  this means you can't initiate a voice call while tt is operating on the ppc, as there aren't enough cycles left on the cpu.  granted, this may be just "reality" on the mda, as its not a terribly powerful machine - but it still is a bummer...the software allows you to load as many "regional" maps as you'd like.  the stupidity of this, however, is that you can't route inter-region.  dumber!  so you have to switch to "major roads of america", and then switch to your destination region and recompute when you enter it.  that i can live with, but i won't tell you i like it - to be honest, i think it kinda sucks.  2gb minisd cards are available, and as such you can load the whole map store on one card - why not allow seamless navigation as an option?..beware their copy protection system.  their "code" requires an online connection to register the software, and there are only two codes available - ever - which must be acquired six months apart from each other.  god help you if your device breaks outside of that range - you've got a box full of worthless cds...a support request when i was attempting to get the software to load was ignored.  i figured it out on my own - several days later - without a response.  don't expect help from the company, because you won't get it...i didn't attempt to use the "plus" services because, quite honestly, if you can't provide accurate maps - why would i buy add-on services that are likely no more accurate?..i bought this because tt is thought of as the "leader" in the marketplace...the user interface is nice, the product works, but the map inaccuracies, protection scheme and complete lack of customer support leave me recommending against it and giving it only one star...nice try tomtom
useless after 7 months.this is a great idea, with pretty good software, delivered by a truly awful company...if you should, like me, happen to switch smart phones twice while you own it, your navigator 5 really does become a paperweight.  you can't activate the software on that third device...you can write the company about this using the form at their web site, but they don't respond.  you can call them (if you can find the phone number), but nobody answers the phone.  there isn't even a way to leave a vmail message - the autoattendant gives you a choice between dead silence (if you select customer support) or ringing forever (if you don't).  when these methods don't work, the company invites you, via their web site, to send a written letter of complaint - to amsterdam...this all sounds so unbelievably bad that i ignored similar comments posted elsewhere on the 'net, figuring that no company could really be that bad and still be in business.  i was wrong...don't buy the tomtom.  for a similar experience, take three hundred-dollar bills, stand in your yard, and light them on fire...one more point for those who are willing to take a chance on the thing anyway.  consider that there is absolutely no vehicle by which tomtom will ever update it's maps.  what you get in the box is already outdated, and there well never be an update
not worth the money.if you don't have a gps already in your palm pilot this software won't do anything but give you a headache.  however if you have a gps i think it would be ok.  i ended up sending it back and got the actual tom tom navigator.  it is awesome!  i would recommend the actual navigator equipmen
some of the inks are not canon.thinking you save money on the original canon ink you might be receiving compatible one from a company that is not honest, and uses canon brand name to sell their product.  it is not clear, until you receive the product, whether or not you have purchased the original one.  .if you want to sell a compatible, but not original product make it clear, so that the customer can make their decision, rather than sneaking into the quality brand to sell crap..outrage
who is johnny5dm?.i wish i could find "johnny5dm"s article on taking apart the mouse. i am having major problems with mine. the left button acts like i am constantly double clicking and the scrool wheel wont roll upwards. i do like the look and feel and he buttons are situated in nice places, but for 60 bucks (which was what i paid for it at the time) i wish it would have lasted me longer than a few years. i have ordered a new mouse to replace this one, but would still love to take it apart and work on it. so, if anyone knows where "johnny5dm"s article is, i would greatly appreaciate i
its ok....when i first got this item (from best buy for $99), i enjoyed it a lot. but now the little problems have gotten more annoying. ..for example, i drive a stick shift and i am constantly hitting the thing since the input is nearby. my front passengers always tend to hit it too...after seeing what my friend bought for his car ipod use,i am hating my transpod more and more. he has the monster ipod hookup, the one where you just plug it into the ipod like you would a cell phone. no interference with a manual shift car or passengers, you can set it anywhere in the vehicle, not bulky). the transpod has a large bulky arm that can be adjusted but not too much adjustment is possible. it also comes loose very often...i just think it is very inconvenient depending what type of vehicle you have.
it's a lemon.i was ready to really love this pda. it's nice and thin, feels good in the hand and was the cheapest pda with wireless. i mainly needed it to check my email when i'm out and about...but i have to admit that it's a lemon. it freezes all the time, i have to pull the battery out to reset it at least once a day, sometimes 3 or 4 times. i haven't installed anything on it but what came out of the box. also, just too little on-board ram, and if you save your applications on the sd card instead they are so slow...hp's firmware and rom updates from their websites actually made it worst. it's more stable with just the 1.00.00 firmware version out of the box. my only hope is that it's a windows mobile 5.0 problem and there will be an update soon. i don't know if it's microsoft's problem or hps, but now it's definitely my problem.
not for mac!!!.even though the site says that it's for pc and mac, it's only pc compatible. very frustrating. doesn't work for macintos
discriminating gamer..this unit has been in my hands for two weeks, and already i'm having serious issues with it. ..first, either the controller can't send precise signals or the sensor isn't discrimination enough. every so often, pressing one button will activate the function of a different button. (e.g. i'll press button 6 and button 2 will activate instead)..second, the right analog stick won't stay zeroed. i started out fine, but went south over time. it is now nearly unusable
beware.we purchsed two of these units.  they worked for 1.5 months then we started having problems.  while polite, logitec's customer "no-service" offered fixes which we'd already tried and never were able to get to the bottom of the problem unless i called their phone help personnel at my expense.  a month and a half later i'm still going around and around with them.  they consistenly avoid my requests for a replacement unit.  now one unit works sporadically and the other doesn't work at all. ..in this instance, logitec has not backed up their merchandise and they do not provide useful customer service, and they only seem to care about the customer so long as we give them money.  we feel ripped off
what did you say??.i do not have a single phone call that does not include a complaint about the terrible voice quality of these handsets. i threw away the box thinking this was going to be a great product. now i have three horrible handsets
bad size.the item is very good, but is too small to my 17" hp noteboo
does not fit most 17" laptops.i bought this bag for my 17" dell m90, and it won't accomodate the laptop at all. the interior dimensions are 15.4" x 10.2" x 1.8".(391mmx259mmx45mm). ..i should have read the review before buying the item...the seller won't take the item back either, so now i am stuck with a bag that i dont need
the dimensions are not correct!.three problems:..1) zero padding or protection on all four edges. underwear literally provides more protection than the translucent nylon fabric...2) the corners are sewn in a radius, so the dimensions are not correct. they are sewn on about a 1-1/2" radius, so your laptop must be at least 1" narrower and shorter than the listed dimensions if you want it to zip close (that's what the zipper is for)...3) the metal logo has sharp prongs that go through the neoprene to the inside of the bag...in short, the edges, corners, and top of my laptop will not be protected by using this product. i would have a neat cushion to sit on if it didn't have the stupid metal bodyglove logo
doesnt work, cant go over 10ft with most devices.bought this cable and unhooked the device from a 10ft cable, windows couldnt recoginize the device.  hooked up the 10ft again, no problem.  tried a few other devices with the same result. turns out most devices have a max of 10ft. dont buy this cable, it doesnt wor
not durable...scam artists at customer support.we bought our photosmart printer about eight months ago and it recently started having paper jam problems.  we have probably printed about 40 pictures on it total.  the problem go so bad it would not print anymore.  we called technical support and they said that it was a "software" problem and that the printer's warranty for software issues is only 90 days.  they wanted $59 to fix the problem...while the printer does make great pictures i don't see how paper jamming in the printer would be a software issue
should never have bought it.the picture quality was fantastic...for the first 50 pictures,then message came up "cartridge running low" thought this was a gimmick to get me to buy another cartridge before i needed it,but no,sure enough 10 photos later all photos were purple.i wish i had never bought because now i have to pay to send it back.good buy if you dont mind spending $28.95 for new cartridge very often
ok for the price, but not very good over all..the quality of some the tools is poor, in particular the electronics vacuum and the soldering iron.  the vacuum is completely ineffective, and the soldering iron does not get hot enough to wick solder.  the flash-light is shoddy...the rest of the stuff is of acceptable quality, although i have seen the rachet on the screw-driver break under heavy usage (a number of people at work own these kits).  ..you're probably better off just buying pliers, a good screw-driver kit, tweezers, and a flashlight.  a lot of the items (the soldering iron, the allen wrenches, the ic extractor) probably won't see much use in general pc repair anyway
i don't understand the good reviews....i just picked up a pair of these, and i could not disagree more with the other reviews...the size and shape made them horribly uncomfortable to put into my ear, and the sound quality was like listening to my music through a tin can on a string...it seems fairly obvious that most of these reviewers are casual music listeners, or partially deaf, because these phones get no bass whatsoever. if you are looking for a pair of throwaway headphones, get a cheaper pair; if you are going to bother spending $10 on headphones, look elsewhere
save your money.unfortunately the quality of sound with these ear plugs is extremely poor...the experience is one of being in a cave or barrel with severely.accentuated low frequency response and no mids or highs...the fit within the ear canal is terrible with severe irritation of the.skin surface within the ear after short use...external noise blocking seems absent, so i doubt these ear plugs will be.of any help in diminishing aircraft flight noise
great set of ear plugs.great set of ear plugs. for the price they can't be beat
deceptive marketing at its finest.the one and only reason i purchased this label printer was for the highly touted dymo stamps feature, supposedly giving you the ability to print your own postage stamps onto thermal postage labels for no monthly fee, only the cost of the printer and the thermal label refills.  according to the dymo stamps website, dymo stamps gives you the ability to "print exactly the amount of postage you need" and "eliminate the need for costly postal meters."  what the consumer is not told upfront is that these "precise" amounts of postage can only be in denominations of the dymo stamps software's choosing, not any amount you want.  in fact, the only postage denominations that can be printed are those already available in stamp form at the post office, basically just your run-of-the-mill $0.39 stamps, $4.05 priority mail stamps, and postcard stamps.  this software also does not give you the capability to print postage for parcel post, media mail, or express mail, and doesn't allow you to add additional postage for services like insurance or certified mail at all.  how this saves you any trouble over buying stamps from the post office is beyond me.  conveniently, you can only overcome all of these limitations by subscribing to endicia (dymo stamps' backbone provider) for a monthly fee.  heck, you can't even go to an office supply store to buy the thermal postage label refills that you need to print postage on; they can only be ordered online through a link in the dymo stamps software.  especially given the fact that even the least expensive dymo stamps capable labelwriter model is over $100, this will not save you any money in postage, will not save you any time, and ordering stamps online from usps (or getting them from the local post office) is just as convenient, if not more convenient, than ordering the stupid thermal refills online from dymo and waiting for them to arrive.  thankfully, amazon is great at accepting returns
phone did not work and its software made my computer crash!.i bought this phone having read all its customer reviews on amazon.  some people complained about its unintuitive software and other technical issues.  however being a rather arrogant person i believed that i would be smarter and succeed where they had failed with the software etc. etc. and chose this phone because i liked its appearance.  .unfortunately i got what i deserved.  i loaded the software on my computer and it promptly crashed  (twice).  an error report from microsoft pinpointed the problem as "phonebook manager", which was the software that accompanied the vtech phone.  this problem alone would have been bad but what happened next was even more annoying.  .the phone handset failed to recharge from the base and promptly died.  i replaced the battery in case that was the problem but it still failed to resuscitate.   .i ended up having to pack up the whole system and send it all back to amazon.  what a massive waste of time.  .my best advice is simple - do not buy this phone
defective product.received the phone and within 30 days the phone ceased working.  while covered under warranty i had to foot the shipping cost in order to obtain a replacement.
what a waste.these have to be the worst speakers created. i expected a lot more from sony, but i guess everyone is allowed to make a mistake.  the only thing these are good for is to watch a movie on your computer if your laptop speakers are not that loud for dialogue, other than that i use my laptop speakers to listen to music
you get what you pay for.these sound a lot better when i use the "bass reducer" in my equalizer.  this is because there is megabass built-in but no knob with which to adjust or turn off that feature...altogether functional, and better than the speakers built-into my notebook, but not great.
not good.i bought these speakers to use for my computer.  the sound is terrible. tinny. no base. not worth 1 penny
dangerous garbage.i'm not a fan of griffin's products. as a general rule, they suck.  see my other reviews of griffin products and i'll tell you why.  i don't buy their stuff anymore, but sometimes i receive their junk as gifts.  this one struck a nerve because i'm a sensory scientist and i know something about the dangers of poor quality audio equipment. ..this has got to be one of the dumbest products ever created by griffin.  maybe you'll be happy with the sound quality and the comfort level. the fact that many people are not happy with these things is well documented in other reviews. ..the key issue is hearing loss.  if you aren't concerned about this, then you qualify for a darwin award.  earbuds by themselves are high-risk items.  they are much more dangerous than normal headphones because they provide high amplitude sound and they block the ear canal. even without this stupid earjam product, earbuds boost the signal as much as six to nine decibels (about the sound of a vaccum cleaner and a motorcycle).  often, the listener is not aware of the damage that is being caused.  normally, we hear distortion at high volumes, so we don't crank it up.  with earbuds, you can crank up the volume and you don't perceive it as being all that loud... which is a recipe for disaster. hearing doesn't have very sensitive pain receptors.  by the time you feel pain, it is too late--you are already doing damage.  the hearing loss is gradual, so you aren't aware of it until it is too late. ..if covering the ear canal with an earbud isn't wise, then jamming it closed with the earjam is the height of stupidity. trapping sound pressure waves in the ear adds to the risk...don't believe me? do an internet search for "earbuds" and "dean garstecki" of northwestern university, or robert sweetow of ucsf.  ..i'd love to hear from an audiologist, sensory scientist, or medical person who disputes what i've just said.  lawyers and marketing people don't count.   can griffin find a hack to say otherwise?  probably not.  they'd be crushed by facts.   the amazing thing is that earbud manufacturers are quite aware of the issues, and the warnings they offer are more and more geared toward limiting liability.  ..well maybe you don't like what you are hearing from me, but i hope that you don't damage your ears further.   truly dense people may want to consider learning sign language.  ..if you want to play it as safe as possible while listening to headphones, get noise canceling headphones that reduce the ambient noise and thus reduce the need to crank up the music.  they offer better sound quality anyway.  but all headphones carry risks.   pete townshend of the who (a band that your grandparents listened to) blames headphones on his hearing loss, and the science tends to back him up.
clunky.i got this because the original earphones hurt my ear. using this definitely helped but it is still a little uncomfortable. there are some pointy edges on the earjam that still pricks the ear while in use. i bought myself a sony fontopia ear bud and am extremely happy with it.
very bad cables  larger screen mostly useless.instead of a standard mini usb connection and a standard ac/dc power adapter, the palm tx has unusual cables. after i discovered this i returned the palm tx to the store. the bad cables make the tx very inconvenient to use. i strongly recommend looking for something else...also the larger display is nearly useless since most software for the palm os is not capable of displaying in the larger area
a warning, not a review.i have owned the original palm, the palm v, and 2 different cli from sony (when available) and then i changed to the palm tx...i had problems with its software because it crashed very often.  after that the sd/mmc card drive did not read the sticks.  so i took it for repairs...they didn't fix it the first time around, just shipped it back.  i sent it again and they returned it with the problem solved but now the screen made a horrible squeak when on.  i sent it back three additional times, always with the promise of a new unit, but i somehow seemed to receive the old one everytime.  to make a long story short, they took 2 complete months to deliver a new palm...i decided to get rid of it right away
signal issues.i purchased this to replace an older "b" standard router and ended up returning it because the range wasn't very good.  i had the router upstairs and was getting poor or no signal downstairs.  i never had any signal problems with my old router.  this product might be ok if you live in an apartment or one story house.  it is compact and looks good
lasts one week - bad firmware.i had a belkink wireless and sell it to buy this one... bad choice... only four days i could use it.  i've downloaded the latest firmware from linksys webpage and didn't work.. the router freezes and is not working...do not upgrade the firmwar
disappointing.i have had this unit for more than one year in two different locations and it has been more of a headache than it is worth.  it will continuously drop its connections with every device ever connected to it (be it a laptop, pda, or tivo) and occassionally just stops working altogether (wired and wireless).  the speed performance is also extremely disappointing - it is simply too slow for anything other than normal web surfing (which can become frustrating as the connection drops and reconnects at intervals ranging from one minute to an hour - undoubtedly disconnecting while making a small download or filling out a web form).  service calls to linksys and firmware updates have been unsuccessful in solving the problem.  while my problems with the router may be caused by the large number of other wireless networks in my apartment complex, it is, nonetheless, very frustrating - there are definitely more robust models on the market, and the small size of the unit doesn't make up for its poor performance
blew my camry's fuses.i got this inverter after reading all the reviews. i used it just once with my 65w laptop (for my microsoft streets and trips) on an hour's trip and blew off a bunch of my car's fuses.  headlight, sideview mirrors, clock,... everything went off. luckily, the fog lights were working, otherwise i would not have made it back home
it works - but it'll never leave my car - ever.here's a story to tell my grandkids one day.  i plugged it in, and it seemed just a bit tighter than other ac/dc tips, but it worked fine for my cell phone charger, so i left it in.  the next day i came home after work, and my mdx's headlights were flickering like a sos signal.  what happened was my wife left the lights on, and because the inverter was plugged in and turned on, it bypassed the power-saving mode and the headlights were draining juice from the battery. i immediately went to unplug it and guessed what? it's stuck! i gave it a hard pull, and the stupid plastic tip broke, leaving my battery bleeding out like a stabbing victim.  i ended up cutting the inverter's cord to bypass the antitheft system, then after yelling with my wife for not know to how to use the auto headlight mode, i duct-taped it back so i can salvage my $25.  so now the thing works, but it's stuck in there like a bullet fragment the doctor does not want to touch.  by the way if you're wondering, the car's battery is fine.  without the anti-theft system, the battery would have been drained completely.  so i have acura to thank for that.  this is what happened to me and me only, so buy this product at your own risk
disappointed and feeling ripped off.i bought these headphones based on the first couple of reviews i read here.  i should have read further, because about two weeks after i purchased the earphones, the left side went out completely.  there was nothing obvious on the outside of the unit and i didn't hear any "rattling" as described by other users.  the darn things just quit!  i must say, however, that the sound quality for those first two weeks was excellent, but all in all, not worth the money and frustration
unhappy.i am very unhappy with my product.  the batteries fail after only a few weeks
died in less than three months.i purchased this phone at the end of july and in early october it died.  stone cold dead.  in the middle of a phone call.  it's too late to return it to amazon and i'm not optimistic about getting a replacement from att
poor display quality, and a wiring bug.whatever happened to the good old days, when caller id boxes featured readable displays?  i have a 10-year-old and a 12-year-old unit both of which are far easier to read than this one.  the digits contrast poorly with the background, and the display is covered with a cheap, shiny material which reflects light.  there are five adjustable contrast settings: bad, worse, awful, atrocious, and worst.  the polarity of the feed-through is reversed, which means that an older push-tone phone cannot be plugged in through the box (you can't dial out).  newer phones, and rotary phones, should work ok.  when the caller is unknown (unavailable, out-of-area) the words unknown number blink, but very slowly, in an annoying way that forces you to wait a second to see what's going on.  this box, in common with most others, cannot be used with a 2-line phone plugged into it (not even the phone will work, let alone the caller id) because the manufacturer was too cheap to include two extra wires in the feed-through.  another feature missing from this and other boxes is a way to delete all calls from a specific number simultaneously (this would be especially handy with unknown calls).  not a great product, ge, but you're not alone, i guess
the amplifier is way too noisy.the vibration effect is cool..however, the nose from the amplifier's 2 tiny high-pitch fans is annoying and drowns your regular audio
blown!.this charger is dirt cheap for a reason!! it is horrible!! when i first used it, i was dissapointed right away with the 2 foot extended chord (pretty much max lenth), because unless you have a car charging port right next to you, it is almost impossible to use your ipod while charging it. also, when i first plugged it in, the charging indicator light was red! what a dissapointment! finally, much like in the first review, my 30 gig video ipod showed identical symptoms to that of the first reviewer's. it continually restarted and shut off from the insufficient power supply, and would freeze on me as well. i as well went home later and plugged my ipod into the computer, and it worked just fine
what a piece of trash!.trust me, there is a good reason why these chargers are dirt cheap. i received two of them, and they were both defective! ..on the first charger, the light on the charger turned green when i plugged it into the 12v power port on my car, but it would not charge my ipod photo. i noticed that the light on the charger itself blinked red for a split second when i plugged it into my ipod, but then quickly returned back to green and did nothing particually useful after that. ..it took two full weeks to finally receive a replacement from "bargaincell", which was unfortunately also defective. this charger was a different model than the first one, which had a red light that turned on when i plugged into the 12v socket. when i plugged it into my ipod, it started to charge for a few seconds, only to "reboot" quickly after that. my poor ipod kept restarting itself every few seconds, until a bad battery icon showed up on the screen and the ipod froze. my hunch is that the second charger was not sending a steady voltage to the ipod, which was causing it to crash. ..fortunately, my ipod did not seem to be damaged by either of these defective chargers. the ipod still charges when i plug it into my computer, and continues to play normally. i also know that the 12v power port on my car is not the cause of this problem, either, as i'm using it to successfully power both my gps and my cell phone charger...the most annoying thing from this experience is that i needed to go to the store and spend far more on a working name brand car charger for my ipod after wasting three weeks with these pieces of junk. please learn from my mistake, and steer clear of this garbage
hollow-sounding bass; other problems.the bass sounds very hollow and boomy. the woofer is also too loud compared to the left and right speakers. since there's no way to adjust the volume of the woofer separately, i ended up not being able to turn the speakers up as much as i wanted to -- the bass would overpower the rest of the sound when i did...the volume control is deceptive. when you turn the volume up 50%, you get about 90% of the maximum sound output. the remaining half of the volume control is pretty much useless...the cord connecting the left and right speakers is permanently attached to both of them, which can be annoying. it's about 6 feet long -- too short for my desk. the input cord and the cord to the woofer are also permanently attached to the right speaker
did not work in my camera.i purchased this item and it did not work in my mustek camera. would not recommend this product
worst buy i ever made!.i've used fans for cooling and as white noise for sleeping and bought this fan 2 weeks ago for that purpose.  the fan circulated air very poorly even at high speed and that speed burned out the first night.  it made no noise at all.  i continued to use it but last night (night 14) it quit completely.  given more options i would rate this with minus 5 stars.  do not buy!
20" box fan.buyer beware!!!!.i bought a 2 pack of these.  when the fans arrived the grills on the fans had obviously been stored in a very hot place because they had melted a little and rubbed on the blades when the fans were turned on.  i would not recommend purchasing these fans...signed,.not happ
magellan roadmate gps dash mount.listed under customers who bought magellan navigation system also bought this product. this product is totally unnecessary. roadmate comes pretty well stocked with carry case and window mount
rhinoskin creative labs zen micro, silicone case.i purchased this product because of the belt clip and it broke after seven months of use.  now i have a case with no belt clip
dissapointed.the lcd display sucks. the display does not seem to have any kind of backlight. all the extension flash until you assign them a number even if you have no extensions. according to panasonic the phone should have a backlight. this is the second phone i am going to return
misleading lcd feature.this phone was listed with lcd features but not suitable for my needs.it was shipped by beach audio.contacted beach to convey my disappointment and return the telephone.i was required to go through ridiculous red tape procedures plus $10.20 shipping and quot;required insurancequot; i purchased this phone on nov 17, 2003 and returned it on nov. 23,2003.my visa was originally billed for $94.85including shippingamp;handling.i paid a total of $105.50.until i called today there was no credit on my visa.beachaudio is allowing me $79.52. this is highway robbery
great phone.i recently purchased two of these phones for my office to replace two very disapointing ge models, as soon as i had them set up, i immediately bought a third for my home. it might seem to be a minor detail, but even the batteries were included. the hands free feature is excellent, programming is a snap and fairly customisable, the intercom is great, it's expandable up to eight extensions, great sound quality all around. i hope that panasonic will make a cordless model that is compatible with this system
good concept, poor execution.the idea behind this product is good, but the actual product is less than ideal. the appearance is cheap and the configuration of pieces that i had to use with my particular car made it look homemade. if your cup holders are shallow (an inch deep or so) and of a certain diameter you must use the base with an adapter cup that makes the setup look silly. this configuration also sticks up too far. if you have a manual shift car with cup holders near the gear shift, be warned that you may find yourself hitting your ipod with the gearshift/your hand. also the color is a dishwater grey -- not exactly appealing. overall, a disappointment in looks and performance
o.k, for some stuff.i imagine this would be good for some, but i don't much like it. first, the 'mfd' is really just a clock. which has it's benefits in flight sim, but pretty limited, considering how much they tout it. i find it useful for traffic patterns, but not much else. the stick itself has some main flaws. the first being the spring is nowhere near stiff enough for the flight simmers. if you fly a combat game, and want fast reflexes, it's fine (other than the massive deadzone, which really, really sucks). the other main, and worst part, is the way the stick works. it uses a plastic ring on the base. this poses a problem, when you are trying to hold a slight nose down attitude, say on landing, and you try to aileron left or right, the nose begins to porpoise severly. i've tried everything from settings to a new, heavier spring, but the fact is, it's a design flaw. the more you pull on the stick, the faster the control surface will move. this presents a problem. if you pull back on the stick in a slow, continuous speed movement, and watch your elevators, they will move slowly at first, until they hit about 2/3, at which they will hit full stop with even the slightest movement rearward. this makes it almost impossible to perform smooth visual approaches. it's a nice stick if you're not really hardcore, and the throttle quad is really well designed
memory stick not working - does this have an warranty.i had purchased sony 512 mb memory stick pro duo (msxm-512s) last september but all of a sudden it is not working.when i try loading the stick in the digicam it says memory stick error.i wanna know if there is any warranty with this product.can i avail the same??pls let me know that how i can get this solved
very poor quality.the unit worked as it should.  but the quality is very bad.  after i left the unit sitting around for a month or so, the gps' battery discharge by itself.  in order to get it running again, i have to recharge it and then reboot the device with a pin.  i had to reboot the unit a few times already.  after using the gps for a few times, the voice is not functioning; no voice guidance.  then the backlit for the screen malfunctioned.  the screen cannot be seen without the backlit.  amazingly, the backlit came back to life after a few months of rest.  as of now, the voice is still mute...the sync. with the computer does not work either.  i have only a few cities stored on my sd card.  i cannot use the unit outside those cities where they are not downloaded to the sd card.  each map software has its unique unlock code.  even though you can get somebody to copy the map data onto a sd card for you, you won't be able to use it...if you don't want any headache, do not buy this gps.  it is nothing but trouble.
frustrated customer.stay far away from the product!  purchased first one and had to return because of a defective sd card reader.  recieved second one and have been unable to download maps by syncing with computer.  loaded maps via sd card slot on computer instead.  recently lost voice prompts and pda will no longer sync with calendar - lost connection.  garmin tech support has been unresponsive - cricket, cricket.  i am seeking to return for refund and will purchase different brand than garmin
garmin ique 3600 with pda.this unit sucks and their customer support is equally  bad. we bought this unit about a year ago and now i am trying to sell it. the voice prompts stop working every other day and after spending hours waiting for customer support i am told to reinstall the software which is a real pain. our car charger also stopped working recently and now the unit is just sitting around. it is totally useless
not worth it's cost.i admit,this is a nice quot;lookingquot; power strip and it will work just fine with your electronics equipment,but you can get the same quality in a surge power strip for half the price of this one.with monster cable products,it seems that 50% of the product's price is in the way it quot;looksquot;,not what it actually quot;doesquot;
no phone jacks.the description of the products says quot;protects coaxial and phone lines used with dbs equipment from surge pulses.quot;  it doesn't define quot;dbs equipmentquot; and there are no phone jacks -- making it impossible for me to use it as a protection for phone lines
simple to connect?.i tried to add this to my secured netgear network without any luck. if you don't know how to "ping" your computer and change your "lan settings", watch out. i can't really blame the people who tried to help me with this problem. i think the combination of poor product information, non-user friendly technology and overseas phone response delays made this a terribly frustrating experience. i suppose if you have a laptop the set up might be easier.
netgear wireless extender kit.simple product with too complex of a setup procedure.  standard setup assumes you have no wireless network security in place.  at a minimum, it should be plug-and-play with at least wep or wpa-psk security in place.
finicky and limited.after hours of trying, including hired tech expert help plus an  electrician to hard-wire a special outlet, we think the poorly written manual explaining installation with a non-netgear router (ours happens to be linksys) is misleading.  the writing is confusing and the results predicted are just plain wrong.  we give up!  we ordered a linksys extender today to try to match our router, and now we are trying to figure out how to return the netgear wbxb102 to get it out of our lives forever.  a failure experience all around, an expensive one, too.  trying to be fair, and not just bitter, maybe this could have worked just fine with a netgear router??  we chose to move on in a different direction
almost sent mine back, found an easy solution but amazon won't allow posting it.when i first wrote my review with a very easy solution (2 - 3 minutes) for setting this up, for some reason amazon didn't let me post it. maybe they'd rather or they prefer their customers waste time, money, call useless tech support, then eventually end up sending the unit back for a refund. it only takes two to three minutes to set up with a non-netgear router with my solution and the unit works great, but amazon won't allow me to post it..with that comment aside, the netgear wgxb102 does work as far as extending your wireless range. you do have to wait about five to ten minutes after turning on your computer for the internet to start working but once it does you'd think you were hard-wired directly to your router. i'm currently using the netgear wgxb102 on this computer as i'm typing this review..the key to finally setting up the netgear wgxb102 was in having the right software, not the included/useless software that comes with it. six hours with no results using netgear's instructions and software versus only three minutes with great results, including security settings, using somebody else's shareware software. maybe amazon will allow their customers this much information to help them out. do an internet search for free wireless configuration software and maybe get lucky. they wouldn't allow the name of the other software and where to download it when i first posted my review before..i'd give the netgear wgxb102 five stars if they'd include decent setup software like i was able to find and used to make it work versus the included but useless configuration software
misleading netgear ad.don't be misled by netgear's "plug and play" claim. it's true only if you a using a netgear wireless router and have no wep. otherwise, as indicated in the instructions, you are in for some serious configuration work. you'd better know what you are doing or be willing to pay a professional
never trust this product..i bought this product less than a year ago. 2 days ago, i locked my laptop and tried to unlock it.  but i couldn't.  it was somehow messed up and the combination did not work.  i had to cut it!!!  i don't know how it got messed up but i'm sure that it was not study enough to last long
targus pa400u defcon 1 ultra notebook computer security system.i had this for approximately 2 years. it worked fine for couple of months but suddenely started to activate the alarm without any disturbances. one day i left my laptop attached the alarm in my office for about half an hour. during this period, the alarm was activated and i was embarrased to face my office workers. this is without increasing the sensitivity of the alarm. i sent it back to targus and they were nice enough to give me a new alarm. but after several months, it started the same problem.. so, now i am afraid to use this security system with my laptop. but i did not face problems like changing the combination by its own. you can use it without the alarm activation (i.e: without batteries) but the cable is so thin, it is not recommended to protect any valubles
lock changes combination by itself - do not buy.i have been using this lock for a few months without changing the combination. suddenly i could no longer open it as it appears that the lock has changed its combination by itself. ..i called engineering in the hotel i was staying in to help me. it took them less than a minute to cut the cable with ordinary pliers.
once it's on it may never come off..while i don't have any evidence to refute the package claim that it "attaches to any notebook",  once attached to my son's computer it was almost impossible to remove.  it took 10 minutes to get it off and we were pulling so hard i thought we would damage the computer.   we will be returning it.  not recommended
combination mysteriously changed.i had been using the lock for my laptop for the past 4 months without any trouble. all of a sudden, today, as i went to pick up the lock, which had been left untouched in the open position overnight with my combination in it, it decided to change combinations by itself. so it was in the locked position but the combination is still the one i had set. i tried so many combinations 'around' mine but obviously there are so many different possibilites. the fact that i even have to try to think of what combination my lock decided to change itself to today makes this a lock i can't rely on
changing combos.i am a student living in a dorm situation and so wanted some basic protection for my lap top computer.  i purchased the defcon cl because it was inexpensive, widely availible, and easy to use.  unfortunately, it has one major drawback, occasionally it decides to change the number combinationss which unlock it.  i went to the company website and they suggested trying the numbers immediately around the combination and if that failed trying all the number combinations possible (there are 10,000).  several hours, one blister, and 1787 combinations later, i got frustrated and used a jewelers saw to cut through the connection to my computer (this solution took only five minutes).  i would not suggest this lock to anyone who lacks the patience to try trial and error experimentation until they reach the correct combination, nor anyone attending a school with a metalsmithing program
good ratings suprise me...3 uses then failure.after buying the 128mb cruzer mini for use with a new pc that has usb2 ports, i used the cruzer perhaps 3-4 times for moving files to and from my computer at work.  recently, i plugged it into my new pc and found it was reported as unreadable.  moving to two other windows xp pcs, the same was true.  this was enough to convince me the cruzer was bad, so i exchanged it for another where i bought it at best buy.  the new unit immediately was reported as unreadable.  given the good reviews here, i can only believe there must be some peculiar windows xp problem with this particular usb key, or perhaps a combination of factors...usb 2.0, winxp with sp1 installed, etc.  efforts to get the cruzer to work have failed but have identified what seem permanent enumeration entries in the windows registry.  i've removed all usb devices including all host controllers, etc. in device manager, rebooted to safe mode, and tried again to delete the sandisk registry entries with still no success.  there are no hidden devices i've overlooked...it just simply appears that use of the cruzer has created these fixed registry entries; i'm inclined to think they may be the source of the problem, but why does the cruzer fail on 3 totally unique pcs, albeit all with winxp/sp1?  i've seen similar comments regarding lexar usb keys; maybe they share a common memory or harware design with the sandisk?  all i can say is stay away from them if you don't want to be left with useless junk after a short time.  while i recommend amazon for their great prices and service, if you should buy the cruzer mini, i suggest doing so where you can conveniently and quickly exchange it, should yours also fail
save your money.when the printer works, it prints very nice pictures, quite sharp with amazing accurate colors and saturation.  however, it's an ink jet printer, with all the evils associated with ink jets.  clogged nozzles, missing lines in the print, and a very small ink supply.  if you do frequent nozzle cleanings, you'll restore the print quality, but that is a waste of ink.  it has a couple improvements in that the ink ostensibly doesn't fade like normal ink does, and there are six jets, so color mixing is more accurate.  furthermore, the prints are waterproof.  when printing through epson's film factory, the printer crops the borders of the photos, so you'll lose the edges of your pics.  this may happen if you print directly from the card; i haven't checked.  this cropping is really an inexcusable bug in the process.  my advice is to save your money and let a store print your photos
good for... nothing.good fit but where's the base.  almost non-existent.  that statement of increased base needs to be taken off the marketing
buy a cd instead..these looked cool for those walks around the block, and the price was right.  but that's as good as it gets.  they may not bring down the neighborhood, but they bring down the once-proud name of sony.  not only is the sound of music sharp, tinny, and bass-deprived, but the pin never seems to lodge securely in my player, leading to distortion and the cutting out of sound in one of the headphones...my wife recently purchased a comparable pair of brookstones at the airport.  they cost three times more, but they sound at least three times better
ehhh, they're ok.these headphones fit very well on my head, and the sound is good. but, mine keep dying on me (i'm now on my third pair in a year), so if you're looking for a long lasting set of headphones, you've come to the wrong place! the bass is ok in these, but it's not the greatest
yet another pair of headphones that don't fit my head.i bought these because i believed in them.  "these are the headphones for me!", i said triumphantly in the store, raising them above my head as a shaft of light shone down on me from the heavens.  for the record, i'm a normal sized woman, 5'5" with a head that is smaller than most, but certainly not abnormally small.  not freakish or anything. so anyway...i usually have problems with headphones. either the buds fall right out because they're too big, or the ones with the bar over the head, for some unknown reason, are never allowed to get small enough so that both phones fit in my ears.  ..surely you can imagine my surprise to see these sitting in the store looking like they will solve both of my problems.  i buy them and i'm happy.  elated.  i get back to my office and put them on and guess what - these are made for, like giant's ears or something.  they. don't. stay. on. my. ears at. all.  if i move my head they fall off.  ..aughh!!! why does the universe mock me so???  all i want is to sit hear (har) and listen to some steve kimock or something.  *sigh*  sony b@$t@rd$
false advertising--stay away..i, too, was fooled into believing that i was ordering the blue package of sony premium minidv 60prl because that packaging was shown on the ordering page. i did not know that these tapes were the foreign version until i received them. i sent an e-mail to the vendor and never received a reply. i agree with another reviewer -- shame on you, amazon. this company should not be one of your stores unless you find their false advertising acceptable. i will never again purchase from one of your store fronts, and i am suspicious of your acceptance of this business practice, which reflects poorly on your own company
amazon, shame on you!.yep.  i too, ordered the blue-packaged tapes to go with my new camcorder and received the foreign label that is not, and i repeat, is not listed in the manual to be appropriate ones to use.  amazon should eliminate this vendor, since they are not sending what amazon is advertising.  the yellow-packaged tapes are dvm60pr3.  approved tapes are dvm60prl or dvm60exl.  i guess i just ate it for the cost of 6 tapes, and will now have to drive an hour to walmart to be sure i get what i need for the camcorder.  amazon, shame on you.  there are numerous comments regarding this same issue.  take care of it!!
false advertising.note: these are not the blue cassettes pictured! they sent similar tapes in orange packaging. they say sony on the package, but i called sony and they didn't have the model # on record. after researching, i found them 2 be grey market tapes. i didn't want to damage my $600 camcorder.they did give me a refund. however, i paid for shipping both ways. my total was $23.33. i was only refunded $15.36.
scam!! do not buy!!."false advertisement"  this vendor is a con artist! i ordered 3-pack dvc 60 min minidv tapes (blue), but they sent me dvm60pr3 (yellow), which comes in a 5-pack box. i should've checked the reviews before i placed my order. i see one other person who got cheated like me. do not buy from this place!
junk - ignore user reviews.i thought i would be getting a well made coffee maker...what a hunk of junk...cheap and flimsy...gold cone coffee filter doesn't fit basket even though it is size four...how totally annoying.....if this thing hadn't cost me so much money i'd run over it with my car.....don't buy this thing...keep searching...
it makes coffee!!??.had it for a couple of months........sent it back.   carafe couldn't keep coffee warm over 20 mins, even with preheating it with hot water.  coffee flavor wasn't great and the entire product was cheaply made; it shouldn't sell for a dime over $29.95.  they should stick with rice and bread
ok.makes great coffee, but had trouble with the drip backet stopping up and the coffee and grinds overflowing making for a big mess. tossing this for another bran
hoping for better.i love my zoji rice cooker, so when it was time to get a new coffee pot, i decided to get this conundrum.  it is a mix of really great things and really dumb things...great :.makes a large pot of hot good tasting coffee..i can tell already that the pause and serve will not break anytime soon unlike every other pot i have owned..easy to put in coffee and water, if you don't use the stinking carafe for water (see below)...unbreakable carafe..awful :.i read all the reviews about how the lid to the carafe shreds hands so i screwed it on loosely and it still was locked solid after it heated up.  turns out you only close it when you want coffee not to pour, you can leave it a few turns loose at all times... so ok, but i cut my hand on the damn thing...the stinking pour spout is so small that it takes 30 seconds to pour a cup of coffee.   i tend to unscrew the cap and dump coffee out of the big opening.  this is nearly unacceptable...size 3 filters (got scissors?) i was warned, but my leftover 4's don't fit very well after cutting them...the clock and controls feel cheap which is so unlike my rice cooker although now that i think about it, there is no way to turn the rice cooker off (you have to unplug it)...i wouldn't buy this again
garbage.this was useless, the mic had zero sensitivity, i had to literally stick the mic into my mouth and yell for it to move any of the bars on my computer sound recorder, not to mention the games i played didnt even recognize that i was talking at all. bought this two days ago, taking it back to best buy today..also there are just big pads on the rings, it isnt a ear encompassing headphone, it doesnt block any sounds from coming in, and i can hear wierd noises coming through the headphones when no sound is being emitted from my pc..get somethings else
terrible headset.i bought this headset recently and was amazingly disappointed with it almost immediately. other than a stylish design, this headset has no upside. the sound quality is terrible, even for the price. the mic is worthless; in all my attempts to use it in gaming(what this headset was purportedly designed for) failed utterly. people were unable to make out my voice at all. don't waste your time buying this trash, you'll just have to return it and replace it within days
north american maps are crippled; not ready for prime time; deficient for cross-country navigation.the following design limitation needs a spotlight: ..the maps are cut into sections, and users cannot navigate from one section to another.  so for example, if you want to travel from ohio to new york, navigation is not possible using both the eastern (new england) map and the midwest map because the software cannot cross the boundary of a map.  tomtom has provided a haphazard band-aid solution- they include a u.s. map containing only major roads.  so even if you have the space to store full maps, you're simultaneously stuck with redundancy, and loss of resolution if you want to navigate across a boundary.  some folks who live on one of their boundary lines will want to avoid this product for local navigation...other issues:..* nags.  everytime tomtom boots, americans must click through a legal notice.  north american maps do not record the fact that you already agreed previously, and there is no way to disable it (it's intentional).  the european maps work as you might expect.  that is, the legal notice nag screen is disabled after seeing it for the first time on each european map.  ..the nuisance of this nag screen is amplified by other anomalies - the tomtom software is slow to boot and shutdown (since it executes directly off the mmc card).  speed is hindered further by the software's failure to find the gps device if the software executes before the device is powered on with 3 satellite signals detected.  it also takes the device quite some time to find the satellites because of its low senstivity.  when it does find the satellites, the user must exit the app and reload it, acknowledge the legal notice again, in order for the app to query the gps on its status again...* the software is substantially locked down, and they put the user through several hoops to get the software activated.  the user ends up entering a product code and a device code (on their website) to get an activation key, which then must be entered on the device.  the user is then expected to keep track of three different registration numbers if they want to be able to reinstall later.  the installation software is installed on the desktop in single user mode, so if you're logged into your machine under another account, you cannot change maps or maintain the software in any way...* if the sky is overcast with cumulus clouds, the device won't find any satellites.  ..* users must exit the application to get an address from the address book that they want to navigate to...* the database of casinos is under populated...* speedcam (aka safety camera) databases are not provided.  european users must subscribe to a tomtom "plus" service to get photocop alerts.  north american users must subscribe through a third party...* there is a spontaneous termination bug.  i was on a course and tomtom died out of the blue.  i had to rerun the app and agree to the legal notice to continue navigation...* there is a spontaneous return to initial point bug when viewing a demo of a route...* given the reception insensitivity, nags, and crashes, this device is worthless as a backup gps for aeronautical navigation.  i initially thought it could be useful in a pinch in the case of an electrical failure enroute, but i would not even bother bringing it into the cockpit.    a dedicated handheld gps would be more suitable as a backup...* software and maps are distributed on nine cds (na version), when they could have just delivered it on a single dvd.  ..* the most current maps are over two years old at the time of this review.  ..* package is only bundled with maps for one continent...still want to use this product?..* those who still choose to buy this product should find out when tomtom will have updated maps and buy shortly after (that is, after the old map cds have been sold), because tomtom does not offer free map upgrades, not even one, because they want to sell maps to you seperately as a "plus" service...what's good about it?..* it mounts to a motorcycle windscreen with the suction cradle, and the gps box can be conveniently velcroed to the master cylinder.  there's no need to wire power for trips under 2.5 hrs.  ..* you can get master yoda's voice for it
buggy... terrible tech support.my advice is that you need to find a better gps program (other then tomtom) rather then spend your money on this one.  ..i recently installed this program on my e2.  the first attempt failed and i had to eventually do a hard reset on my palm and reload the program (even after deleting it, the program left something on the palm that made it not want to load)...if your going to load a lot of the maps you better have a lot of time or get a card reader/writer.  i would guess that to load the western us you will need at least a 512mb card and you will spend the better part of the evening doing it...after loading it i took it out on the road to try.  the screen is okay, but some of the small data print items are almost impossible to read while you're driving.  ..the maps are very good, but when i deviated from my the planned route it wanted me to take a road that i know to be a deadend to get back on track.  not good if you where towing a 32' trailer, which i do on many trips.  not good for your confidence in taking a route that it suggests...i next took it out on a 300+ mile trip.  i set up waypoints so it would go on the route i wanted.  this seemed to work on the way out, but on the planned trip back it kept wanted me to take a main road that i had intentially tried to avoid.  at almost every corner it wanted me to turn back to the other route even though it was displaying my current route correctly...finally there is the subject of customer support.  you better hope this program loads right and you don't have problems because their (tomtom) customer support is terrrible.  you can't get to a human.  you must use email.  they will send you an automated response with automated solutions and then ask if that helped.  it took a fully 7 days to get this automated response back from them.  this is unacceptable...overall i would not recommend this program.  i absolutely would not buy the tomtom stand alone units.  at least i have my palm e2 to use for other things and not a piece of junk that i can't trust to use..
buyer beware of software and support.if you intend to use this with a tungsten e2, think twice.  for the e2, the instructions require you to install the navigator software directly on an expansion card (not the device).  the installation software does not give you the option to install the navigator software on an expansion card.  the software vendor (tomtom) has no customer service telephone number, and did not respond to three weeks' worth of e-mail requests for support.  when contacted for assistance, palm first directed me to tomtom's website.  then they regurgitated information already posted on palm's website (none of it helpful).  then, their e-mail system refused delivery of my last three replies to one of their messages.  this gps navigator will end up in the trash bin.
terrible online support-tomtom navigator on palm life drive.i've had navigator on my lifedrive for 3 weeks.  at first i downloaded all the maps that i wanted onto my pc but when i hotsync'd it would hang.  i submitted a question to tomtom and never heard back from them.  i finally figured out how to delete the files from my pc and reinstalled using the "other maps" option and only installed one state which worked.  once i started using it in my car, my palm would find the tomtom gps device less than 25% of the time.  i updated my question on tomtom's site explaining the new problem and here i am 3 weeks later returning the product.  their support is horrible!  palm got back to me right away and suggested that i get a replacement but i am not willing to run into another problem down the road and have to deal with tomtom's lack of support again.  you can also send a complaint but the address is in the netherlands.  when it worked, it was great but unfortunately it did not work enough.
iriver.don't waste your money. what iriver doesn't tell their customers is that once the battery goes dead, the system is useless. i will never buy one of their products again and i'm doing my best to inform everyone out there that they'll be tossing their money in the trash by purchasing any iriver products. my system cost me $[...] and it is now as useless as the customer service department at irive
disappointing.the h10 is a nice looking device that doesn't work.  i have a constant reoccurring problem where the device will hang when you select a song or playlist.  the hourglass (initializing) will remain until the unit runs down the battery.  the only solution is to reinstall the firmware which also deletes all your files.  you have to use windows media player to transfer and sync files.  wmp is clumsy to use.  it is not user friendly at all.  anyway, after the firmware reinstall it will work for a while and then just start hanging again.  i used to be a faithful iriver customer, but not any more.
not worth the headache.i've had this mp3 player since it came out and, if anyone is still considering getting it, i must advise otherwise.  the mp3 player itself looks and feels great, and the navigational features are very easy to use.  the problem is that the player itself is extremely unreliable.  i have used 3 versions of this player (expecting each time that the player was simply faulty), and all of them glitch up terribly.  i constantly have to take my battery out to reset the player as it will freeze during normal play.  it also freezes half of the time that i try to sync with wmp.  in addition, sometimes it simply refuses to take deleted songs off of my h10's list of tracks (even though they no longer exist on the player)...finally, iriver has terrible customer service and they do not even back their own products!  as a owner of two irivers (h10 and the 120), i have seen for a while how they function: they will offer updates for their faulty firmware for about a month, and then they leave that product to produce a new one.  it seems like they have a new mp3 player being introduced every few months.  their customer service is extremely hard to get a hold of, and if you do, they will simply say you need to send it to the factory (occasionally you will get a rep that will actually send you a brand new one for free, though)...be smart, stick to a creative, the new toshiba gigabeat s, or (clench your fists) an ipod
nice when it worked, but poorly made and unreliable.nice gadget for the 1 year and 11 days that i had it, until it suddenly broke completely, for no apparent reason, and i had to buy a new player.  the warranty is 1 year!  $229 for a disposable mp3 player is a lot of dough...initial use was painful due to flaky firmware that iriver eventually improved, they just released it too soon.  that got better but the user experience with iriver plus yahoo music engine was awful, largely due to yahoo music engine being brand new.  better now but this is still a collaboration between three vendors (iriver, yahoo, and microsoft) that is not always smooth...bottom line is that i'm deeply unhappy with having this device fail on me 11 days out of warranty.  i have replaced it with a creative zen player and will never buy anything from iriver again
terrible quality.worked fine for about two months, then the unit wouldn't turn on anymore.  the red charging light would come on as normal while the headphones were charging, but when i put them on and increased the tv volume to activate the on/off green indicator light on the transmitter base, it just wouldn't come on.  just static through the headphones.  ..i then unplugged the transmitter for 30 seconds, removed the batteries, reinserted them as the troubleshooting instructions say to do and still nothing.  turning the tuning wheel and switching to any of the three channels on the transmitter base didn't seem to help, either.  ..needless to say, this product is going back.
lots of bugs!  topic entertain publishes this cd.the company topic does a lousy job at customer service.  as for the developer, maybe some third rate company.  the scans of the maps are not high enough for area blow ups.  everything is fuzzy at best.  the interface is clumsy ... sluggish ... backwards!  this is the 21st cen!  if you have a garmin, stick with their apps for now.  or just buy an old fashion topo map..*avoid this product!!!
major problems with this software..wish i could give this one less than one star.  don't waste your money with this one.  if the software actually worked, it reports to do many of the things that i was looking for...first problem -- the software claims to be compatable with magellan's explorists series.  tech support (at least that's what they call themselves), says it is not...second problem -- the software is apparently not xp compatable.  i can load the software and basically get it to work but it locks up when i attempt to save a file or change to a different sub-directory.  what good is a software that will not save your work??..multiple emails to tech support resulted in multiple suggestions by tech support to "reload' the software.  gee!!!  i have to call tech support for that suggestion???  apparently they have nothing to offer beyond the suggestion of reloading the software (which doesn't help)...after multiple attempts to get this software to work and multiple emails to tech support, i'm writing this one off as a $50 reminder to never buy a national geographic product again
quite possibly the worst software ever.i had this software working once on an older computer, but it functioned poorly, i.e. froze up and crashed intermittantly. i recently installed it on a newer computer (dell dimension 9100, window xp professional) and it won't open a  map, even after several reinstalls of the latest download from their web site. save yourself the trouble and frustration. use google earth to get a close view, and buy good maps from a reputable source. the creaters and sellers of this software should be ashamed of themselves
doesn't compare.i received this as a gift and what a dissapointment.  magellan has a topo product (mapsend) that works well with all gps's.  all in one cd.  it doesn't use images for the topo, just a simple map format.  this product however is very inferior and offers even less detail than the other topos plus it can't be downloaded to gps's.  i am very dissapointed and i continue to try to find out what features it excels at given that it has 17 cd's.  it has to do something with all of that right?  as it turns out it is just a poor design that was used as an attempt to get that paper topo map feel.  it seems they just scanned in all the topo maps for the us, no wonder it took so many cd's.  don't waste your money
don't bother.i received this as a christmas gift and had to return.  was not compatible and couldn't load on a brand new computer.  software gave no ability to customize the installation.  no help from the nat. geo website support.  went thru the entire install and at last bar.....sorry, disc couldn't finalize hit finish to continue and it kicks you out completely to start over again...from the other poor reviews, i'd have to say i'm glad i returned
you get what you pay for..great price for a portable usb mic pre.  but you definitely get what you pay for.  the audio quality is extremely poor, and it quite often crashed the system.  if you are doing simple recordings like podcasts or just getting scratch tracks for song ideas, this is the item for you.  otherwise, save your pennies up for the lexicon omega, or the paragon of portable audio interface:  the mbox 2
unnecessarily complicated.the product was in fine working order, but for the purposes of recording speeches, it's too complicated.  it seems like it's trying to be a cheap version of pro-tools, but if you want to do what pro-tools does, rather buy pro-tools.  so, i don't rate the product very high
never again.four months ago, i used this product and had no problems except the finished cds did not play in one person's car player. with this stack every one of the first 15 cds i made did not play in most equipment, although they played in the recorder where i copied them. it was very disconcerting to put them in other players and get nothing, or get something only after forwarding to the 3rd track. didn't understand why this was happening. but i'll not buy them again. it was a waste of many hours since i was assuming they worked
black cd r is a black hole.would give it 0 stars if that were an option! it does not record in multiple recorders. a waste of time and money
will not work as digital audio cd-r..avoid a headache.  i had the same problems with these new memorex music cd-rs.  they will not work in my philips cd audio deck, and as you can see in other reviews they don't work on most decks.  i suspect they are plain digital cd-r's, or that the newer 40x discs will not work on digital audio decks.  a design flaw at any rate.  i have had great luck with older memorex music cd-rs, but i believe they were 32x.  i have no problem with sony music cd-rs which are easily available, and cheaper most places.  however, memorex is good with warranty service in my complaints about these...great for dummies who pay extra for music cd-rs for their computer because they are copying their friends cds
doesn't record for me, either.i'm glad i'm not the only one who's had this problem. my home recorder is a pioneer, and until i bought these memorex discs, i never had a problem recording. i bought one pack at wal mart or target or something, and when i put in a disc to start recording, it wouldn't read it. i tried 3 more discs, and they all were unreadable. i returned them, and tried again at an online store (maybe i got a bad batch?). same problem. so i always buy another brand of cd-r music discs. these are pretty useless
doesn't work with marantz.i have a marantz cd recorder dr 6000. a previous generation of memorex music cd-r worked fine (white with purple lettering and blue recording surface) this new generation will not be read by this recorder. the recorder could not initialize and gave an disc error with several i tried.  it worked fine with some new sony cdrs.
will not record.i finished up my last batch of these discs bought some time ago, without a problem. but the next batch purchased most recently will not record on my philips cdr 765. there are too many different types of media discs and not labeled properly. should be an industry standard that the consumer can readily see that they can use them. not sure what to get now or if another brand will work properly
extremely disappointed.it appears these music cd-rs do not work on most home cd players.  i can only get them to work in my computer and in my car cd player (and that doesn't play back as great a quality as i'd like).  i thought these would work since i had previously bought jvc audio cd-rs which are awesome.  i won't bother with these again and unfortunately, i bought two spindles
the tape transport is a piece of junk..this is a nice sounding deck, but the tape transport is cheap and unreliable. i had mine for about a year, and the left well started eating tapes. i finally took it to a repair shop. when i got it back it worked for a week then it ate one of my favorite tapes. i would not recommend this deck
dead one in 3 months.i am very dissapointed with this monitor. it was dead in 3 months..i was giving this brand a try and i sould have not done it. i always buy viewsonic, but against my better judgement i bought this one. bad move. avoid
don't waste your money on this overpriced ripoff.speaking from real experience, don't waste your money buying this cable which makes absolutely no difference from a cabe you can find with half or less the price. i bought a few top of the line monster cables once i got the top of the line sony xbr960 hdtv. later on i switched cables around, with other brand, cheaper component cables such as philips pts1000 (the hdmi standard owner by the way), and also other hdmi cables (even no name brands coming with my dvd player). you know what? i see absolutely no difference even under close examination. the sony xbr960 produces the finest pitch you can find on any tv. you think about what that means. stop buying this ridiculously priced cables, and save your $$ and buy somethinfg else on your shopping list. digital is digital. don't let monster mislead you that their cables produce more 11010 ... than others.
works well but is badly made.i bought this at the end of feb. 2006 for my mac. it works well except for the fact that the device is poorly designed. the part where the usb connector is and where the device bends doesn't take the stresses of normal use well and keeps popping open. for a while i put it back together, but this last time it tore out four of the five wires that connect the usb to the rest of the device and it is kaput. the wires are thin and soldered on lightly. it is not a robust hardware design. that is too bad because except for that (serious) problem, the device worked well with itunes, the dvd player and other software. i wrote to the tech support people at griffin technology and told them that they need to replace it because it broke under normal wear and tear. we'll see what happens. i will report back. but if you purchase this, be very very careful and treat it very very gently.
miserable product.got this in the mail and tried it out on my mac book.  the remote is very cheaply built and feels as if it will disentegrate in your hand at any moment.  poor button feedback so it is hard to tell if you have adequately pushed the button.  it didn't work porperly out of the box with keynote.  soooooo i downloaded the updated driver and it still stunk.  the remote had unpredictable behavior when advancing or rewinding slides.  sometimes it would just trigger a blank screen without any build, other times it would jump to the end (and no, i wasn't holding the button down for 0.5 sec to go to the end of the show).  i had it boxed back up and returned to amazon within 10 minutes of opening it.  avoid this product, it doesn't work as advertised
didn't work with powerpoint like it said..only gave directions for using with ipod.  no help online when it didn't work with powerpoint.  no help from the company itself.  sent it back and ordered from a different company
really a bit rubbish.doesn't work. really unacceptable lag on the functions even in plain line of sight. even the mac updated software v1.0.4 is woefully inadequate, no way to configure in any way other than 'hacking' using applescript (tedious process - frankly, life's too short). ok, i thought i'd give it to my friend to control his pc itunes with, from one room away (about 20 feet). the thing actually doesn't work from about 8 feet away when slighty round the corner of a bookshelf. maybe wood to rf is like lead shielding is to kryptonite - i don't know. this thing is pitiful. i'm taking it back and getting something that fits my only criterion: that it should work.
great for the patient.i was hopeful that the 628 would be a decent universal remote, but that wasn't the case for me. my major gripe is the inability to easily set custom options. the configuration is so wizard driven, that the only way to make modifications is to spend time on-line making adjustments, sending the updates, then make more adjustments. the nomenclature for device inputs, outputs, etc, on-line doesn't match the nomenclature on the device and i ended up flailing around trying to figure out what input video 1 matched to my tv. the tivo module put the tivo into sleep mode when i wanted to watch a dvd, but wouldn't wake it back up. finally, many of the tivo and dvd options were not available and i would have had to the mapping by hand...one of the comments below mentioned that a technical person could make this remote work. it's not a technical person, but a person willing to spend lots of time trying different option combinations to get the setting just right. i want to watch tv, not program a remote control. for example, when switching from watch a dvd to watch tv with the tivo, the remote wouldn't set the tv up to the proper input and channel. i had to pull out the tv remote to adjust it. about three rounds of config changes fixed that problem, but then the remote wouldn't wake up the tivo. i don't know why the tivo was being put to sleep since the dvd was on a different input, but there ya go. in order to wake up the tivo, i would have to hit "watch tv", then select "other actions" and choose menu. not exactly one click. ..a number of options for the dvd like skip chapter, menu, etc were not available on the remote and i imagine i would have to diddle with the settings to get them started. same with missing settings for the tivo, like changing tuners, instant replay, etc. i can do everything of what i need with the tivo and dvd remote more simply. when i plan on expanding my electronics, i will be looking for something more customizable. ..my recommendation is to try it for a few days and if you can't get it set properly, send it back.
this is not the adapter for the etrex vista cx!.i ordered this adapter because the description said "most etrex models" and the vista cx was not listed as one of the incompatible models... beware, it is not compatible with the etrex vista cx
caution: this adapter is not for etrex legend or vista.i'm sure this thing works fine on some gps units... but it's less than clear that this adaper will not work on the legend or vista.  the title is misleading (it says "most" etrex), the product description is just wrong (it says "all" etrex).  for the etrex legend or vista, you need a different adapter!
this paper is too thin.i used it on my epson photo 960 using the quot;glossy photo paperquot; option as the paper type (this could have had something to do with it).  the photos were very wrinkled up due to the thinness of the paper.  better to go with premium glossy paper or premium semi-gloss.  theres a big difference
deception.yeah sure this cable does what it's supposed to. and it's only 12.99. yeah right that's before the 8.00 shipping and handling you pay tiger direct. b
logitech.the cordless mouse is great,but... the keyboard i have is a pain in the bum! the spacebar and several of the letter keys are prone to sticking right out of the box. i realize that i may have just got lucky and got the only lemon made by logitech(sometimes s#!t happens) !. .but since they are sold as a pair i can't give a high score
buy the logitech lx 300 for only a few dollars more...i also own the logitech laser lx3000 and the lx 700, and i initially liked the ex 110 for its cheap price, light weight, and small foot print (or lap print in my case).  i've concluded that despite these benefits, in my opinion, this keyboard is cheaply made, and you get what yo pay for.  the keys have a cheap feel to them, and the buttons on top look and feel low quality.  i can already hear a very small piece rattling around in the keyboard that must have broken off from somewhere and i've only had this keyboard a few days.  i guess it's good if you want something cheap and plan on upgrading in a few months, but you're better off with the lx 300 or better which is heavier and more solidly build.  the reason i don't like the more expensive models is because they add buttons and features that most people, including me, don't need or want, but you're also paying more for top quality that feels better.  the mouse is also junky; it's not ergonomic (curved for comfort) and the scroll wheel makes a lot of noise
seasickness while writing.i am a serious tablet user as i have a motion computing 1400 tablet pc slate (great computer).  i use the program "journal notes" for meeting minutes.  what makes journal notes so useful is that you can lasso or select handwritten notes and move them to where you want on the page.  this allows one to keep their notes neat and then ready to print right after the meeting rather than going back to your desk and spending another hour translating all the side scribble.  so i thought by buying a wacom tablet this would help turn some of our laptops into tablets.  .1. the pad is made of plastic and my "motion computing" screen is made of glass so the pen on the wacom does not slide across as smoothly..2. the motion is delayed ever so slightly where my handwriting comes out a little less neat, almost crooked.  on a tablet pc, my handwritting is real time and an exact copy. .3. this is the big issue: the disconnect of looking at a screen in front of me while writing below.  i started to get motion sickness.  my brain has to locate two places, one on my screen and then one on the tablet. maybe after using the tablet as the other reviewers had written, it takes time to get use.  but i gave up..when you come from a tablet pc and go backwards, it is hard when you know better exist.  .4. evernote will allow you to take notes similar to journal note but the interface is ackward.  the note starts in the middle of the page.  to start another page you have to start a new note.  you are only given the free version 1.1.  to get the more advanced where it changes your handwriting to text you have to pay.  journal notes opens up like binder paper and you push the side arrow to continue on to the next page.  .5. just write office: this is a program that places a tool bar above a program.  it acts as an overlay and creates a image such as a (bmp, jpeg etc).  again when you use a tablet pc, microsoft office allows you to download a tablet plug-in to do an even better job and it's saved with the word document...overall, if one works with high powered graphics and photoshop this works better than a mouse.  but think about the investment.  this cost $200.  i would rather spend this on the real thing.  hp tablets $1300+, toshiba $1500.  you won't get the disconnect because you draw directly on the screen while looking at the object.
was made in japan, now made in china.i bought these headphones about 4 years ago, and the sound was really good.  it was full, round, and rich.  the construction felt good, a bit heavy maybe, but was worth the sound quality.  after 4 years the problem with the joint that seems to happend to everyone with the vx00dj headphones, happened to me.  it cracked from stress and the phones rendered themselves useless.  ..i had been using these exclusively for four years and knew their sound quality well, so i thought it would be a good buy.  i was sorely mistaken.  the first thing i noticed was that the insulation on the cord was of a cheaper quality.  then when i used them, i noticed the sound was not the same.  they sounded tinny and weak.  not at all the quality it used to be...so off i went to return them.  i mentioned to the guy at the store that these weren't the same phones as what i purchased 4 years ago.  i was informed that sony used to make them in japan, and now they're made in china.  so in my opinion, do not buy these headphones...find something better
not great.i would not recommend this unit. the reception is very poor. i am using it in an 06 car, so the electronics are up to date. i would say it picks up distortion free maybe 20 percent of the time. i had a xm commander in my previous vehicle, it was great. i think i will get another for my current car
drops signal/poor customer service from xm.we had this radio for about 6 months, when it completely quit working.  during the 6 months the reception would go in and out, until finally the radio wasn't transmitting anything. to troubleshoot, we tried the pioneer satellite radio that my husband has, and it works great in my car. so, i know it was not my car radio receiver or antenna that was the problem.  getting xm to help us with this was like pulling teeth!  we originally contacted delphi, and they told us to call xm.  we kept getting the run around from xm for over one month, until they finally told us we needed to call delphi for warranty refund! a big circular mess...  our opinion is to spend the extra money and get the pioneer radio
know what you're getting.if your car radio is not 'satellite ready', this xm unit can not be wired in and you will not get a true digital signal.  instead, it broadcasts a weak fm signal your existing antenna picks up...there are about six preset stations this unit can broadcast on; i got interference on all of them.  the sound quality was terrible, worse tham am...i gave up on this unit and replaced the receiver in the car
pathetic tech support.the player was good for 3 weeks and then i started having problems. the battery drained fast and then one it did not recognize the battery. i emailed their tech support and gave me a 800 number to call to. every time i called the 800 number it went to a voice box. left message no response. emailed again stating the issue no response. the player was good while it lasted might have been fixed if i had the support. tech support is really pathetic
unfortunately dissatisfied..this mp3 player broke as soon as i tried to use the player. it only turned on once and would never could be turned on again.
not worth it.i've had this for 4 weeks now and haven't yet figured out how to program it.  i did manage to download songs but it won't play them became because of a "file error".  i'm pretty computer literate but this thing has me stumped.
pretty nice, but....the controls are a little annoying and it reboots for no reason every once in a while (as noted in other reviews)
too bad.unfortunately, the unit failed on the second day of use. it tries to self-calibrate every time it detects a signal, starts beeping and displays "service required". that's too bad as it worked great if only for one day.
does not work.when you try to attach it to the car does not fit properly and in any curve or speed change the ipod goes to the floor of the car
don't buy this.i tried this in my car and it was the worst signal i've ever heard. i couldn't hear a thing
here's what your buying!.your buying 128 mb worth of frustration and $10 worth of gas from back and forth to wal-mart...i bought my creative muvo and had it for a month or so. loved it. had everything i needed, great mp3 worked great. one day, plugged it in to put a song on it and all of the sudden it starts smoking. big hole in it from all the smoke. so, i return it at walmart for a new one. two days later i plug it in my usb to put a song on it - smokes again!!!!!!! i returned it and got my money back... got an ipod shuffle, buy that much better mp3 player wont start on fire...
not good for z22.despite what you may read about this, this is not a good case for the z22. mine keeps falling out because the case is too big. i guess the z22 is smaller than other models. i wish i could return this. i've only used it once and that was when i got it 3 months ago
does not fit the palm z22.i recently purchased the palm z22 from amazon and i also purchased this leather case "because amazon said it works with the z22".  well, guess what...the palm z22 is too small for this case.  you have to be very careful when holding the palm in this case or it will fall right out. not a safe way to protect your palm.   so if you are looking for a case for your palm z22, look else where
you better love it before you buy it.i ordered this item to store my palm z22.  when i received it, it was packed in hard plastic.  after attacking it with a pair of scissors, i realized that my palm slipped right out of it.  when i decided i would return it, i was surprised to see that palmone will only take it back (with a 15% restocking fee) if it's in its original packing.  buyer beware
hard case to recommend, for many reasons.i have many types of covers and cases for my ipod nano and thought that this sleek alumninum addition would complete my collection. it doesn't, and here's why...1. it offers no protection from scratches for the screen or the dial...2. there is no place (no place that makes sense anyhow) to attach the lanyard they included with the product...also, and this is not a fault of the product but the distribution method: it was mailed in an unpadded envelope and arrived damaged (bent) to the point where a nano could not fit inside and even if it could, it wouldn't be able to close because the mechanism had been bent as well. it's been a hassle to try to get a refund...i would recommend buying a silicon or hard plastic case instead.
decent sound quality but uncomfortable and horrible tech support.i had difficulty getting them to work out of the box; living in a dorm, i figure it was probably interference from other devices.  finally got them to work over a break, but not after a miserable experience with creative's customer support.  first of all, there is no troubleshooting documentation that comes with the headphones, and there is no support information on their website.  the first response i received asked if i had service pack 2 and if the adapter was recognized by my system, both of which are completely irrelevant to the product; this e-mail did contain a link to a bluetooth troubleshooting document hidden somewhere on their website though, from which i was able to figure out my problems.  i received two further e-mails after responding to the first e-mail and lodging a complaint about the quality of the tech support.  the response to my response was to send in the headphones for an rma, despite the fact that there was no sign that the standard troubleshooting techniques did not work.  the response to my complaint was, in short, "i understand you are having problems with your hq1300 and that the adapter does not seem to fit," along with further instructions; this response being to a complaint about the cb2350, with no indication that the fit of the adapter (a standard 1/8th inch stereo jack) was any problem at all...also, they are uncomfortable if worn for any extended period of time, and the volume knob sticks in the up position (out of the box,) requiring me to be very careful in using it to turn up the volume if i want to keep my eardrums intact.  runs through batteries, but not really a problem with rechargables.  definately would opt for a different set if i had to do it again, mostly due to comfort even if i had not had the difficulties with creative's support
bulky! not what i hoped for.after shopping around for wirless headphones for my mp3 player i went with the creative digital wireless headphones, i have a creative labs zen touch mp3 player. the headphones themselves are bulky and fit really funny, they do not stay on your head unless you are sitting very still. the audio sounds great, great bass, but if you are 10 feet or more away from your source yo get a static noise that sounds like a loose cable. for the prce these are ok for indoor use. i returned mine the nxt day i got them, very unhappy with them
battery problems (as usual for creative).the battery, which is claimed by creative to last "up to" 7 hours, lasts about 2 hours. so, if you need this gadget for hiking or such, be sure to carry extra batteries. i have had similar experience with other creative devices. apparently, their marketing department is completely detached from their.engineering teams. also, when the transmitter and the headphones are less that 1 foot apart, there are noise and interruptions. other than that, the headphones are ok, i guess. given my experience, i would probably not have bought them, but i am too lazy to return
does not recognize my sony camcorder.i purchased this card based on the positive reviews here.  however, my sony camcoder (trv20) was not detected.  i'm seeking technical support now.  after i get their reply i will update this review.  i use windows xp pro...although this is a good card (according to reviews), it may not work for certain camcorders
tech support worse than hitting a brick wall.i recently bought one of these devices to work with a bluetooth headset. i'm a computer engineer with an mcse+i and ccna with 20 years of experience. it took me several hours and many retries to install the product. hardware appears sound but the software (which is supplied by broadcomm) is terrible. reminiscent of windows 3.1 installs..after the battle the with installation i noticed that the speaker (earpiece) volume was controllable but the microphone volume remained unchanged when attempts were made to adjust it using windows volume control. i spent a day troubleshooting it then called linksys. i was treated rudely, hung up on, and told that bluetooth headsets were not support, when it clearly states on the box and instructions that they are supported. .i then wrote emails to linksys tech support, and investor relations and received several calls from managers the next day..a technician was assigned that i was told would support me, after several phone calls and a couple of weeks he told me it worked on his computer and that was the end of it..the experience was bad enough that i will never buy another linksys/cisco/sipura device again..case number for all of this = incident: 060805-011855
very flimsy antenna.bad news: just a piece of warning, the antenna is extremely flimsy and is being held on with two very small 1mm plastics.  if you are going to leave it in your bag it will break.  .wrose news: linksys support is worse than ever _and_ they don't provide warranty on physical damage so if the antenna does break it isn't covered..you are better off buying a $10 junker and replacing it if it breaks
xp driver issues.under xp sp1, the bluetooth kernal stack overflowed and corrupted my file system...reinstalling with xp sp2, the driver identification process was complicated for establishing a headset connection...i returned it...look here for a better solution:.anycom usb-250 bluetooth 2.0 400ft..the drivers of the anycom device installed cleanly under xp sp2 including the headset support
linksys usbb 100  bluetooth  usb  adapter.yes  here good thank  you  bye!
low quality cdrs.i've used 8 cdrs so far and 3 of them have scratched surface and unable to burn at all. the speed is only 24x not the advertised 52x...now i can only hope the rebate comes back, otherwise this is a complete waste of money
very bad cdrs.only have about 350mb capacity... after i burnt a less than 350mb file, i can not add any other files in it. and when i burnt a more than 400mb files, failed, and the cd is damaged--- the file (400mb)i burnt can not be read.
this is card running at 24x speed..i purchased this card from the market seller "emartbuy". this card in not running at 150x speed. it's write speed is close to 3.6mb/sec(24x). don't buy it from emartbuy if you really want a 150x card. the card is okay to buy if you don't mind the write speed(24x).
again, monster has to be kidding (and they are).for some years i tried this and other monster products, to the tune of over $1000 in monster a/v gear. the more you learn about video and audio, the more you'll avoid anything with the monster label. specifically, this s-video meets no ntsc, dvd or ieee standard; it is common 30-ohm hookup wire with ineffective shielding and a poorly designed, low-conductance connect plug that can wreck your input jacks and gives poor grounding. has a sharp image, but includes a catalog of chromatic aberrations from off-color skin tones to color blotching, dirty grays, burned highlights, murky shadows, noisy reds, and poor color balance due to impedance mismatching that results in cyan errors and bleeding reds. makes video test patterns look great, but who watches test patterns all day? amazon offers many other brands at good prices, why waste your $$ on this stuff? i removed every piece of monster from my system and replaced them with ar, belden, viewsonics and others from amazon. result: vast improvement in every respect.
i am unable to verify its ultra high performance.~i bought the mvsv3-1m cable and put it between my pioneer v555 dvd player and sony wega tv kv-27fs12, i was unable to see with my naked eyes any improvement regading the visual quality, color, sharpness. same as the result as i used the composite cable came with the box. i really don't know why. i have to say, my tv is a good one and the picture quality is already satisfactory even i don't use dvd player. unfortunately my dvd player does not have component jack to let me try the next level video~~ experience. i don't want to say this expensive cable is a poor one, i was just unable to verify its alledged ultra high performance. we just don't have a benchmark to evaluate it.
coby ca-979 universal ac power adapter.this was a waste, it didn't serve the purpose, even though there were several adaptor plugs to choose from, not one of them fit correctly, so the battery didn't recharge and the portable dvd player just froze
output is much higher than what should be.i got one from amazon yesterday.  i heard people saying inaccurate voltage output, so i tested it in my lab. i need 4.5v for my cd player, and i got 7.3 volts when i switched to 4.5v.  even 3v position gave me 5.4v output.  i am not sure whether i can plug this in my cd player. good thing is that the screws are special type such that people like me (with some knowledge) cannot not do anything to it. it will be a waste for me
cheaply made- won't last long.if you're very very very careful, this might work for you.  but if you need something durable that will last, look elsewhere.  i really like the menu layout of this player, and for now it works great.  but the scrolling button is very cheap plastic and seems like it won't last long.  sometimes it catches.  i've already broken the dust cover where the usb cable is inserted.  the plastic piece that holds the battery in seems very cheap too; i don't expect it will last long.
might be nice if it worked.i really don't know how this product functions, as mine was faulty and would not power on.  i sent it back to amazon for a refund and was pleased with their quick response to this.  the unit overall felt very cheaply made, so i did not replace it, but bought an iriver t-10, which is totally fantastic!
disappointing.we have a long house and this phone doesn't extend to the far side of the house.  so i called to see if i could get a second base to add range and the rude sales person said no.  that if i were to add a base, the phones woudl not be interchangeable - and we'd have to only use the handsets with its parent base.  the features are not intuitive
uniden tru9485-3 expandable cordless system with digital answering system, dual keypad, and call waiting/caller id.i find the design of this product somewhat deficient.  if you hold it too close to your head, you can accidently press the disconnect button with your ear.  this has happened on several occasions.  the message announcement does not say when the call(s) were received.  it announces the number of messages received and the current time.  shipping was prompt and packaging was very good.
uniden tru9485-3 review.i was very happy when i received the phone and read about its features.  but this phone doesn't work for me. when i connected it i started to get frustrated because it doesn't work as i expected, specifically the range that it covers. i place the base unit in a central place of the house and i couldn't use the cordless in my bedroom or in the kid's bedroom or outside the house as i use my old cordless system.  before this, i had a 2.4 ghz panasonic and it work perfectly every where around the house and outside too and when i bought the uniden i expected at least the same performance.  finally i had to by another phone, a  5.8 ghz panasonic, and it works better than this uniden, but not better than my old 2.4 panasonic.  now i'm thinking that the problem is in the frequency that doesn't have good penetration and can't cover a good range,  so i'm thinking to buy another 2.4 ghz panasonic
cannot recommend this product.this product is advertised as "wireless headphones for ipod".....the problem is that even the cheapest wired headphones produce a better sound quality than io gear headphones. the base is non-existent, you can only hear the higher frequencies. terrible headphones for music listening...if sound quality woes weren't enough, my ears started to hurt after only 10 minutes of wearing these. cannot recommend this product at all
not for computer gaming..i bought this headset to use for two purposes..1) to watch tv late at night without being tethered to the stereo..2) to play computer games without being tethered - one to many cables..this works fine for watching tv, the audio is crisp and clear and i can walk around the house and listen if i need to do something during a not so interesting visual portion...this headset does not work at all for computer gaming. the audio is delayed by 5+ seconds..i spoke with the iogear tech support and they were negativly useful...i have attached their email to me..this is a wireless device so it will be much slower than speakers or a.usb headset.  you will not be able to plug the headset in via usb other.than to charge the unit..thanks,.service support ..-----original message-----.from: xxxx.sent: wednesday, october 04, 2006 7:54 pm.to: iogear support.subject: offline message: live chat..xxxx:..my headset s/n xxx.that i recently bought from amazon...i have 2 questions..1) when i play ddo online, the sound is delayed 5-6 seconds, when i use.this headset. the sound is not delayed when use the computer speakers or.a usb headset.2) is there a cable that lets me use the little stereo plug, in a.computer for both output and input?..if i hadn't thrown out the packaging i would return this headset in a heartbeat
poor sound quality.found significant sound distortion when used with my ipod  -very disappointing. also not comfortable to wear for extended periods
good sound from iogear adapter only, not comfort, no skype.the device works fine as a stereo headset. i have tried it with my motorola cell phone, pick up noise, no so smooth talking, but the design of the headset is the least comfortable i have ever seen. it is unbearable for half hour, it even make headache. .i received this product just one day ago. i've decide to return it. i didnot try logitech and the motorola ht820, the mic is pluggable in separately and is large and ungainly, i tried it with skype, it come with more noise even cann't talk, i won't use it anymore..one good thing is the adapters can deliver a good music but not 66feet as claim, the distance is ok up to 33feet.the batery is ok for me 4.5hours..over all, this product preformace is not good, it is no a good design as other new tech stuff
head torture device.the device works fine as a stereo headset. i haven't tried it with a cell phone. but the design of the headset is the least comfortable i have ever seen. many different people in my office have tried it and and all of them think it is unbearable.
great quality, poor design.[...] after using it for a week, well, here's what i thought.....pros:.great price.good sound quality.lots of extras..cons:.poor design (actually painful).microphone inconvenient.answering phone, slow to respond to button presses..pointless forward and reverse buttons...i received this product just over a week ago.  i've been trying to find some good deals on bluetooth and been going back and forth on a few different designs, including the logitech and the motorola ht820.  i have to say, that even tho the designs are similar, the ht820 is far more comfortable.  in addition, it has a built in mic, which has a very good pickup on it.  the mic that comes with the io gear kit is one that has to be plugged in separately and is large and ungainly (i looked like i should be working for customer support somewhere).  the headphones also have forward and reverse buttons that i assume are meant to be used with a music enabled phone, mine can play music but just not via headphones since it has a ms os, so the buttons were pointless...this is definitely a good deal as far as price, maybe if they offered an adjustable option to the sizing, and an integrated mic, i'd consider buying again.  the other thing that's rather annoying is the short usage time.  motorola spoiled me, and if they had a dongle that would play from my mp3 player, i'd drop kick this thing in a second, but since they don't, i purchased this in an attempt to find something that would work.  motorola's ht820 has a usage time of 14 hours, while this one has a max of 6.  considering their relatively similar, it's hard to imagine why they couldn't get a longer time out of theirs...on the upside, they give you multiple adapters to attach to your stereo and lots of other wires and whatnot.  it's a great product for someone who doesn't mind the less than maximum amount of play time that you can get out of them, or the fact that you have to attach a boom mic, which was apparently hard to hear me on, and i speak very loud
intermittent reception.i have not been impressed with the reception of this radio.  as another reviewer stated, the antenna seems to be the wire of the earbuds.  for me, this causes radio stations to have a rythmic swish of loud static as the cord swings while i run.  i've tried putting the cord under my shirt, which stops the rhythm of the static, however, there is still a lot of static at times.  it seems to be related to which cardinal direction i am facing and how the radio is oriented on my shorts.  last, the radio will sometimes just seem to lose a station... not matter how finely i turn the little dial, i simply can't get it to come in clearly.  and for me, reception indoors is simply awful.  all in all, it's highly annoying and i would gladly pay triple what this radio costs for one that could lock onto a station clearly
terrible reception.i had a terrible experience with this radio--the reception was so bad nothing came in on fm. the fm antenna is built into the headphone wires so you have to play with the position of the wires. not worth it even if they gave it to me! i returned it to the store within hours
unreliable product..i was very excited to get this drive as a gift so i could transfer large files, etc.  after only 3 weeks of use i lost all 2gb of my data and they want me to return it. i have had mine rma'd already, but i would be much much better off just getting another make/model of drive.  the cruzer ti tends to fail within a month or so of moderate use.  sadly, they are replacing mine with the exact same model and i am sure i will have to rma it again once it dies again.  for now i will keep using it since i am stuck with it, but i will back up my data daily. while i have heard that the cruzer mini is much more reliable and just as fast, i no longer trust sandisk.
waste of money.i bought this item about 6 months ago and the u3 never worked. i went to the company for help and i give customer service a zero. they will never deal directly with you, it is necessary to create an account on their server and go through the account. being a traveling person, they kept closing the account. finley the last time no response from them. it does work as a 1.9gb thumb drive, big deal
not great build quality.had it a couple weeks. worked fine except that slider didn't lock well. two weeks in it quit working, would not mount on any one of a half dozen computers. was very happy to have backed up my data or it would have been gone. returned for a refund
don't be fooled - "titanium" cruzer can't survive static electricity.don't be fooled by sandisk's claims of indestructibility for this "titanium" cruzer model.  it may be able to withstand a crushing force of 2,000 pounds, but it was no match for a simple jolt of household static electricity, which fried my 1 gb version of the product within three weeks of my purchasing it, causing me to permanently lose all of my data (which of course i had not backed up).  data recovery services were unable to get the drive to light up or recover my data - they can only assist in "undeleting" deleted files, if the drive will actually mount.  the static electricity prevented the drive from ever being mountable again...i'm quite disappointed with sandisk's response to the problem when i called.  in my experience, their products are generally high quality and their tech support is good.  but not in the case of this cursed model of titanium cruzer.  i wish i'd read some of the online reviews before purchasing this model -- tons of people are having this same problem and poor response from sandisk.    the metal casing that provides the model's "sturdiness" also puts the electronic innards at great risk...sandisk tech support was only willing to replace the unit with the exact same defective model -- which is totally unethical, in my opinion, given the numbers of anecdotal reports i see with people having the exact same problem i had.  sandisk was not willing to replace my defective titanium model 1 gb (sdcz3-1024-a10) with the newer titanium model 1 gb (sdcz7-1024-a1) that has a safer plastic casing and u3 technology.  ..sandisk - if you're reading this - are you sure you're willing to risk your reputation on your miserable handling of this situation?  ..consumers, please, do yourself a favor and stay away from this model and buy the newer one with a safer plastic housing and u3 technology.  otherwise, your data will be at risk of permanent loss with a simple zap of static electricity
buyer beware!.this case cost almost half of what my ipod cost, but i chose it because i felt it had the apple reputation behind it.  it's been 3 months and the latch broke.  bummer.  too long for an amazon return but well within the 1 year warranty period.  please note:  apple will not stand behind their warranty when purchased from amazon (or any third party reseller)..the case gets 2 stars because it had merits.  it's a great waterproof case that served me well in its short life.  only drawback other than durability is the need to use an easy to lose earphone pigtail (included) when using earphones other than the stock ipod ones
doesn't work with 2g sd memory card.it doesn't work with sd ultra ii 2.0 gb memory card and belkin technician said that it shouldn't work with anything more than 1gb
not compatible with all ipods other than mini's.so i just purchased the reader to take on a trip figured it would be nice to have. well not so nice if you have the ipod video because it's not compatible so just a heads up if you are going to buy this item
does not work with 5g ipod.i bought a video ipod 60gb and when i connected the belkin media reader to it an error message popped up and said that the device currently connected is not compatable with this ipod.  so, i guess it is for older ipods (3g) only
gadget not for the traveler on the go.i bought this unit for use with my 3g 15gb ipod. while it did work to transfer my smartmedia cards, there are some major caveats for potential buyers. #1 - the battery life of the belkin unit is low, download three session of a day or two of pictures (200 - 1mb files) and the batteries are dead, #2 - the transfer times are painfully slow ... that 200 files transfer took 20 minutes and that's without a clear indication about the progress or status, except the flickering light, and worst of all #3 - the connecting cable was subject to being jostled and losing connection, which resulted in corrupted files on the ipod (not fatal). the only way, i could get the unit to work prperly was to place it on a rock-stready hostel table and leave it alone. when i used it on a britrail train table, the transfer was disrupted by slight jostles. and once when i had to try and pack up the unit in the middle of a transfer (emergency underground stop) trying to maintain the connection while holding it was impossible
waste of money.don't but this, its a waste of money. rather go in for something from case logic
bought a case by case logic.thanks for all your reviews.  since most folks thought this was too small and difficult to use, i looked for another option.  case logic makes a small camcorder bag that fits the garmin streetpilot  base nicely (i don't have to disconnect the gps from the base for it to fit.  there's also plenty of room for the power cord and usb cable (and a bean bag if you use one).  the case has a little handle on top and it comes with a shoulder strap.  it cost me $12.  look for a bag that is 8" x 5" 4"
deluxe carrying case is not deluxe.the carrying case is so ridiculously small that it barely fits the garmin street pilot, let alone the cord and any accessories. when you pay over $400 for a piece of delicate equipment you 1) expect to get a case with it or worst case 2)have the ability to purchase a case that truly protects the device and isn't a cheesy piece of junk. garmin should be ashamed
4.0 phonetools cd.we have a razr v3m and this does not work with it.  we have downloaded all the updates available and it will not work with our phone.  very disappointing.  it looks like a great product if it would work for the razr v3m.
p.o.s..i know that everyone else seems to love this, so perhaps my complaint is more about apple in general. my ipod mini (pink)is a lemon. the battery has never worked properly. it takes longer to charge than to discharge, and my current playing time per charge (no changing settings, not backlighting, nothing but hitting play and waiting till the battery dies) is about 2 hours. apple will gladly sell me a new ($70) battery, but other than that tough. it is apparently my fault thet they're selling shoddy products. i'm not saying don't buy it. there aren't realistically any better choices out there than the ipod, but buy it when you have a week to sit around and evaluate it and when they get around to opening a store near you. as for me, i think i'm going to dig out my old discman
crash and burn.i put this card in my wife's dell inspiron 4000 laptop. it replaced a netgear 802.11b card. worked great! then the blue screens of death started. i have tried different combos of using window's xp to control the card (against recommendations but is more stable) and using different versions of the software for both the card and netgear's controlling software to no avail. i am now down to the last attempt, using window's updated software for the card with windows controlling the card. we'll see. ...pros- incredible range. shows 2 more networks in my neighborhood then my centrino notebook. super fast page loading. ..cons- crashes the computer. it causes memory dumps that corrupts running programs. the netgear newsgroups show that it is a known problem with their cards and customer service doesn't have a fix. do the research yourself. one thing that may be the reason for the crashes is that some were using an xp upgrade from me, which this laptop also has. ..but try it for yourself. it is a great card when its not crashing the system. there are so many different configuations it may work. if not, return it. good luck
customer service in hell.i bought this card and the matching netgear router at the same time. i had throughput problem which was resolved after searching internet. however, the connection keeps dropping randomly, no matter what i did...i exchanged a few emails with their support. no help there, then they asked me to call so that we could try a few things together. ..i called this evening. after long wait and answering questions like serial number/model number/etc., i was really amazed in the end that the clueless netgear representative told me the solution was to go back to store and return the product...it seems that they don't give a damn to their customer or their buggy product...to make things worse, the barely english speaking representative didn't want to find me a technition who knows a bit more than registering the product, he didn't want to tell me his name, and he didn't connect me to his supervisor either. i have to say that i've never ever had this kind of bad customer service call with any company. ..netgear set the new low record, congratulations!
good player but  very poor construction.my player had the same headphones jack problem that so many people here have had, which ended up rendering it useless (out of warranty).  ..however, while it worked, i was quite pleased with the player and the included software.  everything was intutive and ran smoothly (except for an occational freeze with the player which never became frequent enough to be a major burden).  i also liked the fact that this player wasn't bound by itunes or file format restrictions...my only other complaint was that occasionally the touchpad made moving small increments like up one track or down one track somewhat difficult (just give me buttons, i know they aren't sexy but they're easy and work well).  ..i am giving the product 2 stars because, while i liked it, creative has known about the headphones flaw for a long time and has not improved the build (being that this is still a problem with these players).  for the amount of money that a player like this costs, it should work for at least year
great features, but huge flaws.this music player was decent: nice look, controls, and sound. there are many nice features including decent software and using it as a data drive. there are really good things about this unit; however, the faults are just too great; thus, superseding the great features...however, the reaction to your key pushes, and file search are way too slow. the software is pretty nice, but the bad thing is that it likes to rename your files for you even when you didn't ask it too. that gets very annoying. for example, i just want the file to be named as is, with no tags, but the zen software will add tags no matter what, even if it has to put in the word "unknown". it also has these strange crashes that makes it hard to have it recover. the worst part about this product is that the earphone jack gets damaged in a few weeks or months -- unprovoked!..it was so frustrating to think my headphones where damaged, but i switched it up and found out that it was the zen. then i read online, and what do you know -- it's consensus, the product is faulty because many other people have experienced the same problem. some people even found some fixes, and i've tried them, but to no avail. but then again, why do i have to fix a fairly new product? ..if you're going to have a fault when it comes to a music player, you don't want it to be a physical issue that renders the player useless!..i'd give it at least three stars as i was quite satisfied with it, but the physical fault with the headphone jack is just too much of negligence to overlook
disappointed.a year later and i wish i had the money for an ipod. i have been having the audiojack issue for a long time and don't even take my player with me anywhere anymore. what's the point of having an mp3 player you can't walk around with? ridiculous
don't do it!!!!!!!!.this product is amazing - when it works. which for me, was two months and why it gets two stars. i originally gave it one, but when it does work it really is awesome, absolutely no complaints. mine froze and died two months after i opened the package. unfortunately, i couldn't get it fixed because it was a gift from an ex who i was no longer in contact with by the time it broke. after it froze i frantically scoured the web trying to find a way to reset it. that didn't work. i changed the batteries, etc etc it was just dead. i thought about buying another one until i read all the reviews with similar complaints. i am not an apple person, but since that is all there seems to be i finally gave in last night and bought one and so far i love it. i initially resisted because of the software (i thought i hated itunes) but i am getting used to it and liking it! so this is probably not what you want to hear, but this is my advice - skip this and buy yourself an ipod just like everyone else. there is a reason it is so popular!!
don't buy anything from creative!!!.we bought three creative players.  my husband and i have the zen micro and my daughter the zen 20gb.  all three of ours just froze up and stopped working with one year.  i didn't even use mine but maybe two hours per week.  good thing my daughter's was within her one year period by a couple of days. she still had to pay $25.00  now my husband and i have to just junk ours and buy something else.  customer service is awful!!  they won't talk to you unless you show your receipt at least three times.  what a piece of garbage!!
zen micro is the worst piece of junk i've owned!!.warning!!!!!don't waste your money on this piece of garbage!!!!it's hard to believe creative had the nerve to release this buggy piece of garbage. .the zen micro was recommended for its superior audio quality over the ipod.  however, i could not put up with it's dismal performance.  i had to retire it and get an ipod.  the software was slow, cumbersome, and crashed constantly when i would try to upload songs.  with itunes you can change songs using a batch method, but with creative's software, you have to go through every mp3 one at a time!  that's a lot of songs on a 5gb player!  what takes seconds with itunes, takes hours and hours and hours with creative.   .the micro would keep rebooting, and was very slow between songs.  touch sensitivity was annoying, especially compared to the ipod.  i tried updating to the new software, but that made the zen micro perform even worse! after rebooting, it "rebuilds" the library, which takes a couple of minutes. when it finally reboots, it takes so long to play a song you select, oftentimes you press play twice to make sure it registered, which of course pauses the mp3.  very frustrating. designwise, the micro is far from "micro", especially compared to the 5gb ipod. .the zen micro shouldn't even be considered to be in the same catagory as the ipod.  if you're considering getting one, go with an 8-track instead.  you'll be happier
passable disc - terrible panasonic customer service.in my opinion:.i own a ton of panasonic equipment, most recently a dvd recorder. i was using sony dvd-rs with no problems, but, being a panasonic person, i figured panasonic must be better...in order to save a few bucks, i joined the panasonic club at the panasonic website, and ordered a spindle of these same type dvd-rs. i did this on 9/20/06.. .i made several phone calls and emails to find out where my discs were, and, believe it or not, nobody at panasonic could tell me why they hadn't been shipped. then, i was promised that they did ship, but i never got them. after being talked into placing a duplicate order by a panasonic rep, i didn't get that order either...i finally received one order on 10/16/06. they were so poorly packaged that the holder was broken. now, i finally had my discs. guess what? they were only 1-8x speed (the sony discs were 1-16x speed), and my thermal label printer wouldn't print on them because of the finish. i had been assured that i could print on them with a thermal printer... i did burn a couple of movies, and they worked, but i saw nothing special that i can report. ..it gets worse: i logged into my panasonic club account, and saw two charges i hadn't made: one for $10,017 and one for $915. i fell off the back of my chair. to this day nobody has called me, but i managed to get some email responses, and i was told i would have to watch my credit card - that's just what i need!. .you know, sometimes you buy a brand and think great things about how wonderful a company it is, and then one day you have some dealings and realize how wrong you were.. .i'm going back to sony, and let me tell you, amazon customer service blows away just about every company i've dealt with (sorry about the preposition). i should have bought on amazon.
superb user interface, expandable, medicore range.system design..i've never owned a uniden multi-phone system before.  i started with the old siemens stuff (utter garbage) in the 1990's and really liked the panasonic multi line systems that i've used in a few locations since they released them.  enormous frustration with the user interfaces on the panasonic hybrid pbx system in my office lead me to flee from panasonic to try another vendor with this system...the low cost of the phones and the ease of registering new handsets are terrific.  my favorite feature is the programmable banner on each phone.  once the banner is programmed in, you can use the intercom feature on any other handset to call another location by name, not handset number!  really brilliant!  a great design, if only these things had the range or a way to switch like a cell system to another base location.  ..reception and range..i should have trusted my instinct when reading about the 5.8 ghz systems.  if you read carefully, you will note that they do not make a comparison to 2.4 ghz systems except to note that the 5.8 ghz systems won't interfere with most 802.11x networks.   unforutnately, when i replaced my 5 year old panasonic 2 line system with this, i noticed a significatn decrease in transmission range especially through the old stone barn walls of our house.  i suspect the higher frequency just can't penetrate the old thick walls like the 2.4 ghz systems can.  ..even though this system is supposedly spread spectrum and frequency hopping, if i have a bad connection and move around the house, the connection stays bad, even if i move right next to the phone...i would love to find a consumer version of the panasonic cordless system that offers multiple "cell" locations on an internal phone systems.  the engenius systems still seem like they aren't ready for prime time...if you buy this system, be prepared for a decrease in range versus 2.4 ghz systems...if i could find an alternative that's as well designed, i'd repalce this system quickly
bad speakerphone.i purchased this phone for our small business and we make a lot of calls using the speakerphone. we have another uniden phone and have been happy with it, but the speakerphone on this unit for both the handset and base unit is not very loud for both  sides of the call. unfortunately there are very few cordless 2 line phones, but we will be returning this because of the issues with the speakerphone
can't work with international caller id.in spite of all the wonderful features of this phone which are quite impressive i found that this phone is 100% useless to me as i receive international phone calls and none of the uniden phones show the country code in the caller id display.  i ended up getting an att phone that does show the country code.  this is also a nuisance when adding numbers from your caller id as it will not show the number 1 for the usa country code unless you push the * button, which isn't so bad if you can remember to do that.  so if you do international business and use caller id, this is not the phone for you.
does not work with voq.it is a suggested accessory for the voq phone, yet it does not fit. ..im returning mine now
fleecing loyal apple buyers.the first thing i did when opening this item was check to make sure it actually was an apple product.  its really cheap looking.  looks like something you'd find for [...] at a flea market or in the "stocking stuffers" section of the dollar store at christmas time. the nano is small so almost anything will hold it, including a rubber band and an envelope which is about as good as this unit...this looks more like the freebie armband that should come free with the unit. certainly not a [...] accessory. it just cheapens the apple image...if oem apple products are your thing, then go ahead and try this. but if you're looking for something as sweet as your nano that stays put while you workout, look for something else.  i'm returning mine this weekend to spend my money elsewhere.
looks good....... but.i purchased this armband to hold my nano during workouts.  the band barely fits my arm and tends to slide down the arm while running or cross training.  looking for a replacement right now
don't buy this if you work out.nice little holder for the nano, but if you use it while you work out or sweat, forget this one. mine smells like a high school locker room after a couple of months of use while running. i have tried gently hand washing it to get the odor out, and the clear screen cover came loose when it got wet, plus the material still stinks. this is a waste of money and apple should be ashamed selling this.
watch out! make sure the ipod mini is in stock first..i ordered the ipod mini (pink) and this arm band at the same time.  a day later, i get an email from circuit city (the online affiliate of amazon for the mini) saying they have no ipod mini's instock and my order is cancelled.  but, amazon does not cancel my order for the arm band nor can i cancel it.  so, i getting an ipod arm band and no ipod.  real lame.  i would wait until you have confirmation of shipping on the ipod mini, before getting this arm band (they don't arrive together anyway) or you could be stuck getting an arm band (for $30) and no ipod
like the compact design, but lots of noise on line.i have been using this headset phone for over two months now.  i like the design of the phone, because i do not have the space on my desk for separate phone and amplifier units.  the headset is very comfortable; i use the over-the-head set up but there is also the ear-piece which provides flexibility for those who would prefer..the reason i gave this product two stars is the amount of hum on the line.  it can be very annoying at times, especially when on a call with someone who speaks very quietly.  i use my phone for telephone work between two and four hours per day.  i would say that on at least 75% of the calls the hum is very loud in the background, but in fairness, there are some calls where i hardly notice it.  unfortunately, these are in the minority.
save your money!!!.this telephone is an absolute piece of garbage.  i tried one and it had unacceptable line noise and very poor voice quality.  i exchanged it for another one, and it had the same problems.  i called plantronics tech suppport, and after very long hold times got representatives who were totally clueless.  i will never buy a plantronics product again.  this item should be taken off the market...i should have listened to the other negative reviews and saved myself the trouble.  save yourself the trouble and do not buy this lemon
tterrrible - nott worthy of the apple name.notice the typos? i've had mushy keyboards and i've had clicky keyboards so loud they wake the dead, but this is the first keyboard i've had that makes its own typos by doubling up letters...apple says "hmmm. shouldn't do that." and they send me a replacement. the replacement also stutters. so, i've replaced the apple keyboard with a keytronic that i picked up at the local computer shop for ten bucks. no more typos...it's just not anywhere near the quality of the imac it came with. ..another gotcha - apple messed up the arrangement of the keys surrounding the number pad. if you actually use the number pad, it will give you fits. the * key has been in its spot for the past 20+ years. why did they move it
item shown on website is not what i received.be advised that the item shown on your web-site is not what i received.  if you do not have the item you are advertising please correct picture showing what you really have.  waiting to hear from you
beautiful but substandard, the britney spears of keyboards.this keyboard is a triumph of style over substance. it looks fantastic -- the white and clear plastic really blend together nicely (at least until gunk starts to fall into the keyboard, as gunk is wont to do)...unfortunately, the keys are mushy, with little tactile feedback, appear to be sized for a child's hands and are angled in an aesthetically pleasing but difficult to use fashion...i type 110+ words per minute and a good keyboard is critical to my livelihood -- using this keyboard is tantamount to cutting off several of my fingers, between the slow response and higher typo rate...the only things i can say in its favor are that the usb ports are very handy and it's at least better than the even more style-over-utility mighty mouse from apple...fortunately, there are oodles of high quality third party keyboards out there. i'm using a saitek eclipse at home now, and am close to sucking it up and bringing one into the office to use instead of this apple monstrosity...how did the designers that gave us the ipod give us an almost unusable keyboard and mouse
nice keyboard, but fragile.i like this keyboard, however it is exceptionally sensitive to liquid.  don't count on it surviving even a small splash or a few drips.  it seems designed to channel liquid directly to the sensitive circuit etchings where they immediately corrode and stop fuctioning.  keep this in mind if you have children or if you are not a particularly careful person.  mine lasted about two weeks before getting cut down by a very small splash of tea
good for djs?  maybe.  good for anyone else?  probably not..i bought these after doing hours and hours of research over a period of a couple of weeks.  i'd heard lots of good things about sennheiser and its products, and although i had never actually heard any of their stuff in person, i decided to trust the good reviews of the other models in this line of headphones and purchase them.  i realize that djs need good sound insulation and driver units capable of extreme "performance," which is another reason i chose this product, but that was probably where i went wrong.  here are the facts:  djs listen to music in completely different situations than people who choose to enjoy their music in the comfort of their own home.  a dj must be able to hear his or her music over speakers that are blaring the same music (often not more than a few feet away), and they wear such headphones so they can mix properly and so they won't mess up due to the music coming from the other speakers.  in contrast, a normal individual who wants to listen to music doesn't necessarily need such attributes as djs seek for in a pair of headphones.  to the home user, it's detail and just plain good sound that matter.  these sennheiser phones accentuate both the bass and the treble while completely forgetting about the mid-ranges.  you've probably heard that the mids are where music really lies, and this is, for the most part, true.  the sennheisers might help you hear your music over a roaring crowd at a performance, but they fail when it comes to helping you enjoy the music.  what's worse is that, because of their closed design, the bass is completely inaccurate.  it is very easy to detect the incorrectly resonating bass frequencies, and when these phones are compared to open-type phones, the weaknesses become even more clear.  it's also ironic to me that, while these claim to be dj headphones, the cups do not swivel at all.  sennheiser claims that both the cups and the cord are detachable, but there's no reference to this on the package and i did not want to risk ripping or breaking something on a product that costs this much.  however, there is something i did break, so to speak, on these, and intentionally at that.  i ran them through at least ten hours of break-in time to see if that would help the mid-range performance, but there was no noticeable difference even after that length of time...pros:.-these phones have ample bass (although it's inaccurate).-they are designed fairly well, with a unique adjustment method.-they can theoretically handle a lot of power..cons:.-these are for *listening* to music, not for *enjoying* it.-mid-range?  you'll have to look elsewhere.-if you aren't nearly deaf, chances are that the accentuated bass and treble with hurt your ears and quickly lead to fatigue.-there is no easy way to use them in a one-sided mode that would normally appeal to djs.-the cups and cord are purportedly removable, but i found no safe way to do it.-i've never had to extend the arms on a pair of headphones so much as i had to on these, so for those of you with larger heads, you may find these impossible to wear..i suppose i've learned my lesson:  never buy sound equipment without hearing it in peron
trouble.i spent today testing out my mics in preperation of a recording session. believe me, you don't want to bother with this mic. some day last week i tried to use it for its advertised application "recording on the road". i ran it into audacity, with poor results (i.e. everything was balanced to the right, and the left was only static). today on the test i ran it into cubase docked in my home studio. after flipping through pages of manuals and .pdfs i finally got it to work...with a two second delay! if it were offered to me for free again and they said i'd only have to pay shipping, i'd say no thanks. not worth it
piece of junk.this 'phone' worked for less than 2 weeks.  it now only acknowledges being hooked up to charge (on the display).  otherwise the display and all buttons are non-functional
very cheaply made.  try before buying..i thought i would love to have this radio for emergencies. it is a huge frustration. i cut my finger trying to pry open the battery compartment. my husband had to use a knife to open it. poor quality am and fm, and forget about shortwave. for emergency use, i want a good radio that is not a source of frustration
what a let down!.i returned the product the day i bought it...i installed the product on my rock solid win2000 machine.  .i did hook into my existing wifi-network, my machine crashed 3 times and over what must have been system resource conflicts..i couldn't keep the wireless card in the machine and play a mp3 at the same time.....as soon as i popped the nic out the system was back to normal...
looks better than it is..an inexpensive unit with fair sound quality and comfort..i am still looking for a unit that does it all at any reasonable price
junk.lousy reception, another one to throw in the pile of all the others that don't work
piece of junk.this radio is totally useless.  you tune in a station, and it comes in very clear......until you turn your head to the left or right, then it fades in and out. i know that it has nothing to do with where i'm located because i have used several different models, and have never had this problem before. i returned the unit to amazon
next-generation harmony remote not much better than the previous generation.this is my second harmony remote, after i started to have problems with my harmony 680 shortly after the warranty was up (i also reviewed this remote in detail on amazon)...after trying a second, newer harmony remote, i think i've decided that i don't like harmony remotes. they have perhaps the best approach that i know of (with their activities method) on the software side, but the hardware has left me unimpressed both times...since i already had a harmony 680 and already had the software installed, connecting the 550 to my pc and uploading my configuration was all i needed to do to get things working...my main complaint about this remote is that the buttons feel very fragile and they are very hard -- the buttons around the directional ring in the middle, in particular. when you push them, it's a hard "click" of hard plastic on hard plastic with very little feedback. ..i expect this remote to break after about 1 year just like the harmony 680 did. it feels like a remote that will break, just because it feels as though the remote gets trauma just by pressing the buttons on it. the tactile feedback is terrible on each of the roughly three different types of buttons that appear on this remote. all of the buttons are too hard to push. if you have big hands, you might be able to operate it with one hand. if you have small or weak hands, you will need two hands to operate it...i like the look of this remote more than i did the harmony 680. it feels ok in your hand as long as you don't press any buttons on it :)..it has a nice feature whereby it seems to detect being picked up. when you pick it up after some period of idleness, the remote lights up. nice...the display is hard to read in the dark, even though it's backlit. it's black text on a blue background. it might look nice in a photograph, but it is form over function...there's no obvious way to turn off the bright blue flash that occurs every time you press a button...overall, i'm giving it 2 stars. i gave 3 stars to the harmony 680, and i'm giving one less here because it's a newer generation that hasn't fixed any of the well-voiced concerns with the previous generation. it's no better than the harmony 680. for controlling a media center, it's worse (although, to be fair, the 680 was designed as a media center remote, while the 550 makes no such claim)
tv does not exist!!!.i had the same problem as the previous reviewer.  when i received the tv, it was a lns1951w with an integrated ntsc analog tuner.  the lns1951d does not exist and amazon will not change the listings.  i complained also and could not send the tv back without paying a 15% restocking fee and return shipping.
false description.i bought this television from amazon.  twice.  both times amazon sent the wrong t.v.  the reason is because this television does not exist.  if you don't believe me, look on samsung's website.  the lns1951d and lns1952d are not produced.  the "d" at the end of the product id stands for "integrated atsc tuner."  if you buy this t.v., you will not receive the "d" version.  you will receive the "w" version.  the "w" stands for "without integrated atsc tuner."  the atsc tuner is not included on samsung televisions until they are 26" or larger.  i had to send both televisions back and eventually settled for a sharp with atsc tuner.  clearly amazon refuses to acknowledge this problem and continues to falsely advertise this item.  oh, and amazon wasn't exactly apologetic either.  after wasting a month of my time and hours on the telephone with customer service, they merely offered to refund my money.  thanks amazon
belkin cable line horror.i recently brought a hp printer all in one. the printer came as fast as i purchased it, it came 3 days after. but on the same day i ordered a belkin cable line and that did not come at all and i've been waiting over two weeks now. i can't use my printer unless i have the cable. this is the most horrible thing a person can do.. give you something but don't have the source to you use it. wonderful.... i had to call them inorder to get another delivery of a cable line cause the line that supposely be sent to me was in transit in new jersey. still haven't heard from the first cable and now i'm still waiting on the second. they shouldn't even charge me for the shipping or the cable line make me wait for so long..
absolutely hated it!  don't buy it!.i type for a living so thought i would give this keyboard a try as it is supposed to be far superior to a regular keyboard.  don't waste your money!  this keyboard was so hard to use, it's unbelieveable.  you need really big hands and really long fingers to be able to reach all the number keys.  i use the / symbol alot and i was constantly missing it and hitting the windows key and opening the windows page.  i finally had to inactivate that key.  also, the space bar is very sluggish and my words were running together a lot.  the keys are very slippery and my fingers were constantly sliding off them.  this was one of the worst keyboards i have ever used.  i took it back after giving it a good trial of over 2 weeks and got a refund.  keep your money!
space bar way too firm for small hands.i have very small hands that type hard. the thing about this keyboard is that for some reasons, when you press the center of the space bar, it doesn't require much effort.  however, since i have small hands i can't always extend my thumbs to the middle of the space bar, pressing the sides of the space bar now become painfully tough...the other keys felt tight as well. however, were it not for the space bar, it would have been acceptable. so i'm in total agreement with the other reviewers who said that the keyboard can be too tight for some users...on the plus side, this is almost a silent keyboard. for someone like me who can't stand listening to the typing sound of keyboard, this is a lifesaver
expect to pay twice as much for print cartridges.brother says that one cartridge will print 2500 copies.  well after we set up the machine and noticed how quickly we had to replace the cartridge that came with the printer, i decided to get 5 reams of 500 sheets and use only these to print off the mfc.  after going a little more than halfway through this paper supply, it refused to print because, as the display said, the toner life ended. i was forced to replace the cartridge with a new one, even though it seemed apparent to me that the old one was still working just fine...mind you, we do not use the printer to print things that take up a lot of ink.  just regular typing.  but regardless of how much toner i used, i object to the fact that the machine simply refused to print, but instead displayed a sign saying "toner life end"..i think the folks at brothers have discovered a way to make money by selling lots of cartridges to those who have the misfortune of buying this product.  buyer beware!!!..the printer/scanner/functions are fine.  but i think that there was a lack of honesty in the claim that the cartridge life was 2500.  think 1400 tops...i am editing this post after having had the machine a while longer.  if i could change the evaluation to one star, i would do so, because of the problem described above
customer support is non-existant.when you buy this product you are buying a 64m card with a backup program on it. very expensive and redundant. the card has a backup program similar to the one that comes with my treo. ..the documentation is very poor. it is most important to back up all the files on the card to your pc before doing anything. they are not protected. my files became corrupted. i have tried to contact the developers and company many times with no results. they do not list a phone number so you must search for and use email or online forms. none of my queries have received a single response.  ..so now i have a very expensive memory card with a pretty plastic box with a picture of a safe on it. geat marketing. lousy company/support. the backup program was no better than the ones supplied with the pda.  ..i would suggest you save yourself the trouble and buy a large memory card and use the backup that comes with your pda or treo and put it on the card.
waste of time and money!!.first of all, it took forever to get the trsfers to stick to the t-shirts, then, they only give you one of those papers to go between each transfer and the iron which meant that once each one started getting sticky, i had no choice but to keep using it therefore ruining the shirts. maybe it was just user error, but this isn't the first time i've done t-shirt trasnfers, yet only two out of the included 6 actually came out right. avery trasfers are far easier to use (i just wish they didn't leave the tea-stain effect). all in all, these have proven to be hit or miss with me, and they're too pricey to be going through trial and error
two pairs, both broken..i made the mistake of buying a second pair of these, when the first ones broke within 60 days. they sound really good for the price, so i thought it was worth the risk. unfortunately the 2nd pair broke after about 30 days. there is no information on skullcandy's website about warranty or repair policy. i tried to contact them via their online form and have gotten no response. i guess that i am a slow learner, but i have now learned not to buy from them
you get what you pay for....cute little noisemaker only. you will get a ticket if you rely on this device. slow to respond to radar on the highway. really good at detecting automatic door openers though.
upgrade is a downgrade.case logic has completely changed the dvb-40.  it now holds only 21 liner notes instead of 25, and 48 dvds instead 40.  every page holds two discs, which is kind of a waste since a good number of dvds only come with one disc, and there are six slots on the front which i still haven't found a use for.  they've also replaced the 3 metal rings with some band thing which makes it difficult to remove the pages.  to the outside they've added brown thread which i don't particularly like.  it's still a space saver, but no longer as convenient or stylish as it once was.  i'll be finding another dvd wallet when it's time to expand my collection
fm transmitter for ipod.very poor performance in most populated area. i have tried to remove the car antenna but the result is far below a real fm station, despite the flexibility in channel choic
very short life.these foams are really good both in terms of providing music quality and comfort for your ears, but they don't last long! first of all, they get dirty very quickly, just from being handled (and from your ear canal, no matter now clean it is). i had read somewhere that you can wash them, so i did, but that washed off the coating which gives them shape memory (allows them to stay squeezed when you're inserting them in your ear and expand afterwards). after the washing they'd just expand right after being squeezed, like regular foam does, and hence it was impossible to insert them into my ears anymore. even if you don't wash them and put up with the dirty look, that coating wears off after a couple of weeks just from handling, which pretty much kills the ear bud...avoid the frustration and get triple flange sleeves instead. nothing of the sort can happen to those, plus, you can wash them as much as you want
i don't know what has happened to hp.i got this calculator about a year ago. there was some locking up problems and sometimes it would not turn on. i updated all the roms like hp instructed. finally, i got a replacement from hp. but it turns out it was some old refurbished one that the enter key smashed in after i used it for 10 minutes. i had to pay to send this one back and now, they sent me another old used replacement. most of the gold paint has flaked off the front of this one and also around the side trim. it started missing keystrokes with the latest rom, so i had to go find an old rom from last year on the internet. the keyboard is piss poor and makes a "thunk" noise, annoying when i am taking a test and to the people around me. also, the right shift key started feeling loose today...the 49g+ calculator has already been replaced with the 50g. don't expect any sympathy from hp either for any 49g problems. their plan seems to be to keep recycling these refurbished ones until all the warranties run out, and then they don't have to deal with the 49g+ complaints anymore
a hobby not a calculator.for perspective, i am am a lifelong hp user; i got the original hp-35  (in 1975 or so) and have had a 45, a 65, an 85 a 28s and most recently a 48g. i am an engineer and a computer nerd. now for the review: ghastly!!  whoever did the user interface and keyboard needs electroshock therapy.  i never liked the cluttered keyboard on the 48g and hoped they had improved it.  they did change it but the 49 is a huge step in the wrong direction. the keybord is non-intuative with many similar and redunant markings (eg the 3 different kinds of parentheses, all blue, or how about two functions called rnd(z) and rand(z)? one is random number, the other is round) the equation writer is useless because you have to dig thru mutiple levels of menus to get the labels.  finally the thing is made like a toy..painted on keys instead of embossed, cheesey tin faceplate and a manual so filled with errors and prattle that no one will read it.  the actual users manual is only on cd and is (ready?) 840 pages!!!  that babe that took over hp left the company in a real mess
dissappointing.i've studied the user manual, installed and reinstalled the drivers, but am left with the following unfortunate situation to report:.   with my all-in-wonder 9800pro, when i capture video, the sound captures with the video in some sessions, not in others. very strange. never had this problem with my soundblaster..   the "output mixer" tab never shows any signals, no matter what other tabs' settings are chosen. .   no bass/treble adjustments, so i have to route the sound thru an external amplifier to get the bass i want..   the earphone output is is usually dead. i haven't had time to figure out under what situations it works or not. since i'm using an external amp, i simply plug the phones into it, anyway..   i suspected these problems might be related to my windows 98se, so i installed a friend's windows xp pro on a different partition, and all the same problems existed there, too! there are no new drivers on the manufacturer's web site to try..   sorry, i've run out of ideas, so i can't recommend this sound card
mac users beware!.i bought this pci-audio card just before apple released macos x 10.4 tiger. i have a powermac g5 system and this card has been nothing but a hassle..after upgrading to 10.4, i didn't have audio in most of the games and quicktime. also, the sound regularly has encoding errors (scratching noises, latency, etc.)..after m-audio released the beta drivers (5 months later!), the encoding errors were mostly gone and most games had sound - except for games using the quake sound-engine (m-audio acknowledged this issue). quicktime audio only works with some codecs (so far i couldn't quite figure out which work and which don't)..it's almost march now and all m-audio answers when asked for new drivers is that they are working on it - which obviously they are not!..i can only recommend to all mac users not to buy this card! when i bought it, it was still $99, but not even for $69 you should buy it. don't waste your money
mac os x 10.4 tiger users beware - it would be nice if it worked.i would have love to have a great pci card for my powermac g4 that could allow me to have digital audio output for great audio while watching dvds and listening to music. unfortunaley, in the case of m-audio's revolution 5.1 card, an official driver for the current version of mac os x still does not exist more than half a year after tiger's release. the supplied driver works intermittently at best. the only beta driver i can find causes my g4 to completely freeze intermittently when i try to watch dvds and there are frequent very loud snapping and crackling sounds. the m-audio website has a statement warning customers that there is no guarantee that this product will work with newer operating systems, even though this product is still being sold and it's official system requirements suggest is it compatible with mac os x 10.2.6 and greater. in reality, compatability is with 10.2.6 through 10.3 only...i should note, that when the product works, which is rare, dvds and itunes sound quite good playing though the coaxial (no optical output is present) digital output from the card...unless a new driver is released shortly, mac 10.4 tiger users are out of luck if they buy this product
avoid.these will make your ipod sound like a cheap am radio.  i've been using an early version of koss' earplug design which i bought around eight years ago, which sound very good.  but these headphones are something entirely different.  they have no treble and very little bass.  unless you're halfway deaf already, i strongly recommend against these
don't waste your money.i bought this to pair with my nokia n80. since this phone plays mp3 and 3gp/mp4 video, i figured it would be nice to go wireless overall(voice, music, video). i finally got it and paired easily enough. this is where it goes bad. the sound quality is crap. plays only mids and highs no matter how i adjust the equalizer on the n80. plays in mono, no matter what setting i use. at first i thought maybe the phone is the problem with it only playing mono. so i paired it with my other phone, nokia 6270. same result. i also found out that a co worker had a bluetooth headphone for his s.e. w810i. i asked to pair my phone with his moto 820 headphones. it plays it in stereo. so its not the phone. its the jensen headphone. i am now buying the motorola 820. this was a waste of money. luckily i did not pay too much. what ticks me off more is that i was stupid enough to buy this piece of crap. guess the saying is true, that you get what you paid for. i shoulda shelled out the extra $40 to get the motorola to begin with.
this is crap.the whole epitaph "you get what you pay for" really applies to this piece of junk "mp3 player".  i loaded the music on it just fine - my computer had no problem finding it, etc; but the first time i tried to use it, i couldn't get the stupid thing to turn on for about 10 mins, and when i finally got that to happen, i couldn't turn it off!  i had to remove the batteries to turn it off.  the buttons only worked that one time too -- i can't get any of the buttons to work anymore, and it won't turn on at all.  i switched out the batteries a few times, read the instructions, all that good stuff, but it's just crap.  don't buy this one -- unfortunately, the "cheap" mp3 players these days are pretty "cheap" in quality too
be sure to buy tv  warranty at the same time.be sure to order the tv and the warranty at the same time.  in an attempt to order a lcd tv, amazon mistakenly deleted the tv from my order, charging me for a warranty (but no tv). when i noticed the mistake, i contacted amazon who apologized for the delay in my order. the customer service representative suggested that i re-order the tv  warranty and then call back at which point i would be entitled to receive free expedited shipping.  the representative mistakenly told me that i was not charged for the warranty up to this point.  following the representative's advice, i re-ordered the television and warranty and called back to receive expedited shipping. the representative said that i ordered the tv from a different provider (amazon sells from its own warehouse and well as from others) and indicated that i should cancel my order and re-order the tv and warranty a third time for the expedited shipping.  then she noticed that i had been charged for two warranties already. she told me that if i contacted the third-party warranty provider the extra warranty problem would be easy to fix and to just order the tv (for a third time) separately. wrong. the warranty provider said that you must buy the tv  the warranty at the same time or the warranty will not cover the tv. in other words, i purchased two warranties that did not cover anything. though the warranty company took about twenty minutes to charge me $300 each time i ordered the warranty, they said it would be up to eight weeks to receive a refund by check in the mail.  i said you should just cancel one warranty and change the other to cover the right tv. they "can not do this." amazon is trying to help me sort through this issue. nevertheless, when third-parties are involved, the issue is never resolved easily because the one party says they can not help you but the other can (who in return says the exact same thing).  despite being bounced around like a ping pong ball, i will likely still order from amazon just because their prices are that much better. you almost expect things like this to happen when the prices are that good.  but, be careful when ordering a warranty ... make sure you order the warranty and the tv, which will be covered by the warranty, simultaneously
i accually spent money on this?!?.yeah...ok, first of, yes, the hard drive looks good. nice and sleek, plus the silver coloring is pretty cool. however...the thing died on me. i don't mean windows stopped recognizing it, but the lights were still there...i mean it compleatly died!!! no power light, no nothing. it worked fine the first couple of times i used it. heck, i was playing quake ii and doom off of it. then, for some odd reason, the drive's power supply up and died. no warning, just kaput. fortunatly, i was able to get a lot of the stuff i put on it back. anyway, i've sworn off anything simpletech and moved to western digital. yeah, they may be more expensive, but at least they work!!! i can't recommend this drive to anyone
drive not recognized.worked great to start with, and i wrote a bunch of large files to it from a mac powerbook. it then quit working when i tried to read them back, maybe the drive was not booting properly (only the red standby light on the front remained on), anyway the drive either was not recognized or otherwise did not mount...simpletech offered a replacement pretty quickly, provided i  pay for shipping to them; but i'm not sure i'd want to use it. plus i still have to figure out how to recover my existing files...simpletech must know that this  is a lemon; i'm surprised they keep selling it. i'd give it a zero too, if i could
i'd give it a zero if that was an option..worked once, then quit. when hooked up to computer and turned on, a message pops up saying device detected, may not work properly. no lie. a complete waste of money
couldn't see or map drive.i have a home network with 2 pcs and a notebook with wireless connection.  the "find network wizard" worked fine - until the map network drive part.  couldn't get this thing to work even after many attempts on my part and those of an outside tech consultant.  tried to call simpletech tech support.  first try:  recording - hours of service are m-f 5:30 am to 6:30 pm pacific time.  weekend warriors are out of luck until monday.  second call during the prescribed hours: waited on hold for over 30 minutes.  gave up and returned the thing.  may work on your system, but this was a dud for me
not always there!.i purchased this drive with great expections. from the outset, it looked good, worked right away when plugged in to windows 2000. i purchased this as an extra storage, so i moved my data over and created a network share on it. it worked nicely, i could connect from another computer. so far so good...a day passed; i tried to use the share drive again; no where to be found. when i tried to use the drive from the connected computer - page fault error!. i had to reboot the machine to get the darn thing being recognized again so now everytime i need to use this darn drive after a day or two, i had to reboot the machine...don't buy it if you want to use it as an extra on-line stroage. buy western digital is better
bad design.ordered this unit december 04. good thing it had a two year warranty. mine has been replaced twice. the connector for the headphone jack breaks and the actual jack falls inside the plastic body. keep your receipt. the rma process is kind of complicated
don't get this junk, it breaks, no customer service.i got two of these last year for our family, it worked great the first day, then the ear phone port broke on one, the other lasted only a few days longs.  i called the company and found almost no customer service, they said i had to deal with the company directly, but offered no other help (like how to contact them).  they both ended up in the garbage and we were out the money.  this year we are spending a few more bucks and getting from a reputable company.  if there were minus stars, i would give them a -1
never received product..waited two weeks after paying for expedited shipment and never received splitter or email from vendor.  if you want a splitter in your lifetime - do not order from this vendor
hello.theres some problems with it....software   isent that good, lots problems,i hate usb port carger, runs down laptop batteries faste
thinking different is cool, apple ipod is not..i bought a 30g ipod photo a little over a year ago and was on my second replacement when just recently, outside the warranty (which of course goes from original purchase date, not replacement date), it's kaput again. now if i have to pay $275 for apple to fix or replace a three month old player! no way. three players on the blink, each after a few months - that isn't just bad luck. ..that isn't even mentioning the difficulties with the itunes software or if you change computers. i get a new pc and have to re-transfer 100s of cds! how lame. that negates all the convenience of the large capacity (i wish other mp3 players had the storage space the ipods have). ..i just can't justify spending more money to replace this limited, inferior pos again. so essentially over the last year i have spent about $1 a day to have a player and now i'm left with nothing. i will be buying a different player. i will spend far less than $275 and get something that will last more than three months, is compatible with the rest of the players in the world and is easy and convenient to load and use - obviously not an ipod! unfortunately i can't transfer the music i spend hours and hours loading up (over and over). what a waste of money and time
buyer beware: these don't last after the arranty expires....my ipod 40gb died within two months of its initial use as christmas present.  the hard drive quit working and just makes little clicking sounds.  ..my husband's 20gb ipod died within six months of purchase.  his locks up his computer and won't hold files or play music.  he has been sent to "email support" but reformatting the hard drive and reinstalling the operating system hasn't helped, so we don't expect much good from that. ..our father in law went through 3 ipods within a year.  similar issues.  ..these are lovely and useful devices, but terrible product reliability.  none of us used the product while jogging or doing anything else strenuous to the devices.  ..two of these ipods were refurbished by hp.  that was a terrible product support experience, too. ..a tech industry insider suggested that we replace our ipods with the disposable shuffle - not much functionality, but at least it's just $100 down the drain every year or so -- rather than $200 to $500!  we'll also look into the extended warranty... unless we switch away from apple entirely and re-scan our entire music inventory.  (another recommendation:  don't use the apple proprietary music format in case you experience what we did and don't want to give apple a second chance afterward...buyer beware.  these are disposable devices.  handle like glass and don't expect them to last.
works ok(sometimes) but itunes is terrible.ive got the ipod for about 7 months now.  havent had any major problems, but a lot of minor ones...the menu button stops working whenever it pleases and works again spontaneously(after a while though)...there have been a couple of times that i just cant turn it off.(of course the hold switch was disabled) no matter what i do...and for the worse part......... itunes.  i cant beleive apple hasnt come up with a windows explorer type of interphase or anything easier than itunes.  adding or removing songs is a hassle, not to mention that if you make a mistake in adding files or folders to your library youll end up with thousands of repeated songs.  ..the ipod does what its supposed to do but it is definetely not the easiest most intuitive piece of hardware out there
this will not save you money.i am writing this review to help you aviod making a mistake that will cost you money and a search for a new printer. yes - this does produce great photos at first - but the printer will break down. i know because as other reviewers have said - the paper feeding mechanism breaks...don't be fooled by the intial reviews - this will break down shortly after purchase...i know - because mine just did...read all of the reviews - and note that there are alot of us saying the same thing - this will break - and you will have wasted your hard earned money...don't do it.
don't buy this printer!!!.i bought this hp 8250, my second hp printer about a year ago (i was, for the most part, pleased with my first hp printer, a psc 2110 all-in-one, but decided to upgrade because after a few years, the all-in-one had some problems printing pictures -- meaning it would print a picture a half inch below where it should have, and after adjusting the picture placement on the computer file, it would print it even lower or higher than where it should have been). so i figured buying hp should be a good thing, but.....avoid this printer! it gradually stopped feeding paper over time (at first, i had to keep hitting the ok button to get it to feed but towards the end not even that would work), and now it refuses to feed any paper. what a total waste of money -- and if you look at some of the older reviews on amazon, you can see that i am the 2nd or 3rd person with this problem..whoever posted the last review is either an hp salesman, or someone who had a nirvana-like experience with his hp printer. don't believe the hype..and i actually did research hp printers on consumer reports, and hp is rated well -- that being said, now i am looking for another printer. i've tried epson in the past, didn't like it, but i'm now out $300 after only 1 year of owning this hp printer. i'll never buy an hp printer again. do yourself a favor and spend your cash on another brand printer!..signed....an hp owner who is pretty happy with his hp desktop computer but very dissatisfied with his hp printe
terrible reliability.the 8250 does print very nice pictures. however, the ink takes a while to dry. all it's positives cannot overcome it's reliability.  the auto paper sensor failed right after the warranty.  after disabling the auto sensor, and manually selecting the paper it gave a message that said the wrong size paper is being used . a call to hp was a terrible experience.  i got someone in india that i could not understand for the life of me.   she took about 15 minutes to take down the serial #,phone # etc.  she lost the info a few times and had to retype.  after all this she then said "i have to charge you $30.00 before i can talk to you". at this point i just hung up.  the printer is in the trash. i am going back to epson.  this was my first hp and my last.
dismal service.had to return replacement unit as it was clear it was dropped in shipping and would not feed paper. after many hours running tests and sitting on the phone they agreed to send a 2nd replacement.  one area of disappointment was that the number to call for a ups pickup was for a phone service call-girl. i tried to explain this to hp to no avail. all in all i found the experience disappointing.
poor reliability.while i agree the photo quality is outstanding with this printer, mine failed after fewer than a dozen uses. the photo tray stopped feeding 4x6 paper, even after spending $25 on an hp paper feed cleaner designed for this model. to make matters worse, the replacement offer from hp is slightly worse than buying a brand-new hp 8250 printer direct from amazon. on the plus side, hp customer service was extremely patient while i hunted for my misplaced receipt to prove warranty eligibility (which i couldn't). ouch! update: the next day i finally located my receipt, but the 1-year warranty had expired by 10 days. hp would not honor the elapsed warranty and charged me the full replacement amount ($99) for another printer. pretty chintzy
a speaker, not a phone!.i was looking for a speakerphone to use on an upcoming overseas trip.  this product came out recently and i figured i'd give it a try...out of the blister pack, it looks great.  the skype integration works well and the lcd display was useful and impressive.  once plugged in, it's another story...the speaker's sound quality is good, however, i couldn't be heard.  i looked for some way to adjust the microphone volume, but there wasn't any.  ..technically, the device is a combo usb speaker and microphone, and in windows, the device is installed as an additional device to use in the "sound and audio devices" control panel.  in theory, you should be able to pick a device for recording and change the volume settings.  once i select the "usb phone" device however, the volume button is greyed out.  thinking it's a driver issue, i looked for updated drivers from kensington's website.  no current/updated driver was available...as a sanity check, i tried this product on my laptop, home desktop, and work desktop with the same results...i called kensington's tech support, and the fun begins:..1.  the support line is supposed to be available from 7:30am pst, but it wasn't.  i called several times starting 10:30 est, and got through sometime after 11am est...2.  the support was outsourced to a call center in india.  aside from cost savings, i thought part of the outsourcing proposition is to offer longer support hours.  the sound quality to india was poor and i find myself shouting most of the time...3.  the support representative is clueless about this product.  i don't blame them since it is a brand new product, but you can go only so far with unplugging/plugging the device and uninstall/reinstalling the software...4.  after about 15 minutes of futility, a supervisor comes on and said that he will call me back.  i called back at about 6pm est to follow up on the problem, wishfully thinking someone there had gotten in touch with the design/engineering folks in the us (if they exist) during the day.  no such luck.  i went through the same troubleshooting steps with the support representative again, but this time, the representative offered to replace the product, which is useless if the cause of the problem is with the driver software...i wish i had something good to say about this product as it had such potential.  however, it is a lesson in how not to ship and support a new product.  i have no problems with outsourcing support, but for a new product that has a degree of complexity, i would have set aside dedicated support for the product until the product's bugs are ironed out before transitioning support to outsourcers...in the meantime, i returned it to the retail store for a refund.  i ordered the polycom communicator from amazon, got it via overnight mail today, and it just works
multiple problems, poor customer service.i bought this phone and two additional handsets in august, 2006. i was immediately unimpressed with the signal quality--crackling static on the line, and an intermittent odd clicking noise on two of the handsets. after putting in a line filter, and exchanging one of the handsets, the problem is still only partially resolved--line crackling is still always present, but reduced. the clicking noise remains on only one handset...worse, after a few weeks, the phones began treating each incoming call as a "missed call" whether the call was picked up or not. doesn't sound like a big deal, but the phone is in your face regarding the "missed call" and requires you to acknowledge it by pressing at least two buttons to clear the screen. this is a part of the caller id feature set and apparently can't be turned off. customer assistance is worse than useless. i spent maybe 6-8 hours total on multiple occasions on the phone with them. no resolution. now they want me to send the base unit and the three handsets with the original boxes and receipts back to them, while they look it over for "7 to 10 days". gimme a break. ..my experience with the phone--adequate, but many bugs. all bets off if you need customer service
horrible horrible quality with the "blue".i bought this pseudo monster cable on september 29, 2006. on october 30, 2006, the "blue" went out! i started getting blue lines through the video. and then all of a sudden, the picture was green  red! the blue was totally gone! i did several tests and the blue cable is shot! i dont know how, but it must be a manufacturing problem! i bet they have a 30 day warranty, cuz 31 days later, it crapped out on me! ***do not buy**
real product?.i'm not too sure if the cables are the real monster cables because the case looks like it has been opened and then stapled back. it seems to be working okay so far but i haven't used it too much yet
no speed dial or answering machine.the phone has excellent sound quality but i was very disappointed that it only has three speed dial numbers - it has 8 extension buttons that i will never use since it is for my home office. they should have reversed the buttons, 10 speed dials and 3 extensions. ..it lacks an answering machine that my last 2 line phone had.  when i purchased it i just assumed that it had a built in answering machine (my mistake for not reading the features list on the box).
i wouldn't recommend this company!.if you want messed around this is the company for you! i won't never shop here again. they aren't real good at responding back in email either. i give them 1 star cause there's no '0'star's you can give a company on here it looks. i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone! i'll do my shopping elsewhere
installation and performance and support.i'm not at all impressed with the product, ease of installation, performance or tech support.  granted, i have win98 but i still can't recommend the product.  it took two hrs to install it using a chat link with tech support.  instructions on web address given on product are worthless.  english was so poor on tech support instructions i had to study them closely to figure out what they meant.  now that it is installed, when i try to open it about every other time i get the message no such drive exists.  today i was told it needed to be formatted.  when this happens i have to reboot.  if i tried to reformat it said i'd lose all data.  it is a nuisance and when i do get new computer i'll get new flash drive, too.  don't recommend it!!!!
driver crashed my xp  sp2 system repeatedly.i returned this product. the system never crashed before installation or after removal. windows restored the system and warned me that a driver was the problem. they need to work on their driver. avoid
it gone and baked.i thought this was a great little device. simple plugprey function..tagged it on the end of a 6' usb cable to my desktop, and started getting faint signals that popped in and out..added a 16' usb cable to the assembly and walked it around, got a clear signal..spent off and on a few days accessing and comparing to dial-up access, and dsl..then one day did a 2-hour download session... the connection broke off, the light on the unit was blinking and it was almost too hot to touch..now; can not get a fix, signals drift in and out, and it faults to blinking frequently. at best a 1/2 hour session happens, but crashes out..while one of the cheaper choices, avoidance is recommended, go buy a real one... maybe with a built-in cooling fan
unfortunate buy.i 've been trying this adapter for several months. ..my very first impression was good. i tried it in my home wireless network, a few feet away from the wireless router, using encryption. but things got bad pretty quickly. when using it, my laptop consumes power with double the expected rate, even after i applied a recent windows xp fix for usb2 devices. on top (or perhaps because) of that, both the adapter and the laptop overheat, and i had at least two probably associated sudden shutdowns. in addition, even its latest driver is buggy; in a couple of cases, it gave me the rare blue screen on xp, after bringing back the computer from standby mode. ..all of this may not be a problem if you want to use the adapter in a home network, on your desktop, where power consumption and overheating are usually not an issue. however, this adapter is most probably a bad buy if you plan to use it in a corporate or college environment where wireless access may be provided simultaneously through several access points. i tried with no luck to use it at the campus of a highly connected university. the adapter performed remarkably bad; constantly dropping the connection, or no connecting at all. stopping the zero wireless configuration of xp, after obtaining a connection through an access point with a relatively strong signal, didn't alleviate the problem. ..this forced me to buy another, cheaper but bulky, adapter by linksys. with the linksys adapter all the connectivity and overheating/battery life problems are gone. so, i can safely say that the trendnet adapter is a bad product.
still not working.i have yet been able to get my usb adapter to work.  i installed the drivers and application as directed, but the connection only works for a few minutes.  the same problem has happened on two computers i own.  i have contacted trendnet three seperate times and the third time they asked me to return it to them (at my expense) and they will send me a replacement.  so far i am not satisfied with the adapter or with customer service provided by trendnet
long wait for replacement from terk/audiovox.i brought one of this at the beinging of 2005. i found it was malfunction in aug 2005. called terk, which actually is part of audiovox, they told me to send it back for replacement. i did send it back in aug 2005.  i have been calling them for status, they told me they out of stock, so that they can not send me the replacement.  it is end of november now, they still telling me they don't have stock to replace.  they say that they don't really make them, but contact made somewhere.  until they place order for next batch made, they will not have inventory to send me the replacement...i asked them to refund me, so that i can purchase another one from any reseller. they refused to do that, saying they do not.have any way to send any refund.  the only choice i have is wait.....another thing i found out is this switch works fine for hdtv off air distribution, but not work for fta satellite tv signals. it only works for the directv, as it was designed for that only.
d-link dbt-120 bluetooth usb adapter, pc.not very user friendly, and does not work with the devise that it advertised to work with
latest version c1 does not work with mac.i got this adapter so i could use it with my new bluetooth phone. unfortunately, they sent me the newest version of the adapter, c1, and it does not currently work with os x version 10.4.8 or earlier. bluetooth updater 1.5 will not fix this also. the new version has different graphics, which is orange on black. earlier a and b versions have the white on green graphic, and will work with mac os x
did not work.we bought this for a long car trip, to keep our son occupied.  it didn't work -- did not spin or play the dvd.  don't buy it -- if some of them are broken straight out of the package, then the others probably won't last long
dissapointed.when this first arrived, i was so excited. great quality, nice looking at an excellent price. however, i think the great price in this case, isn't worth it. after watching just 2 dvd's, the player stopped working. .i am sending it to customer service for repair; hopefully the service will be better than the overall quality
"colored can" for those who don't know the sound of real music instruments.this headphones and most of the high-end sennheiser are very well tune to catch the ears of those "audio enthusiast" who think they know the real sound but they actually never even know how to play a music instrument...sound of this senn's high-end are so ear pleasing..until you compare it with the real things. .:(..if you actually want the pristine sound of the real instrument consider these headphones instead..sony mdr 7509.sony mdr 7506.audio-technica ath-m40fs.audio-technica ath-pro700.akg k240 series..you may not like these studio phones on first listening but believe me they will grow on you like those professional in the studio...moreover, at this price you can get audio-technica ath-a900 or a900ltd which are the better cans for less money..a900 series are high-tech closed cans which provide more clarity than sennheiser 600/650 (open cans) while still maintain on-par sound stage...a900/900ltd are less colored comparing with sennheiser 600/650 too...*****..to mr. owen oyer..if you think playing piano for only 13 years make the point then i would like to let you know that i am a classical trained pianist with more than 30 years of experience and also used to worked with some studios..regarding the popularity among the audio engineer you can easily find them prefer sony v7506 more than this colored sennheiser and you can see more 7506 in studio too...sennheiser make some good phones but most of them are overpriced. ..fy
crashed system.might be a good product, but my pc ran into problems when i tried to install software. everthing seemed fine, then when the pc restarted, the system kept crashing. finally, i had to remove the software and return the product. i think i'm going to buy a new computer with a dvd burner already installed. by the time i upgrade my pc to accept this external burner and factor in the $120 for the burner itself, i could spend a little more and have a new pc. lesson: check the system requirements
beware if you have usb1.1.this dvd drive is not compatible with usb1.1. i bought this in officedepot for a good deal. the drive looked really nice with black/silver colorings. the stand is sturdy and can keep your drive vertically without any risk of falling. ..but after i bought this, i plugged it into my computer. i was really shocked with the performance as it read some dvd movies horribly which were properly read by my other dvd-rom drive (internal). i tested it by writing 1 gb of data into a dvd-r disc. it claims a complete dvd-r write(4.5 gb) would take only 6 minutes. but i had to wait for around 1/2 hr for the 1 gb to get written into the disc. it was damn slow. it's 1x not 16x. then i started reading the manual and found it will work at 1x or sometimes won't work with usb1.1. luckily, i returned it and got my money back. ..i dont know whether it is good for usb2.0, but i am sure it is not for people having only usb1.1; i am going now for an internal dvd-rw drive.
serious bug in onboard software.so i bought this from radio shack's black friday sale today.  after just a couple hours, i ran into a serious bug without any effort on my part.  when i finished one route and was ready to try another one, i touched "select address" on the main screen.  prompted to "enter street name," i proceeded to entering the first few letters (the unit features an auto-fill feature).  but after just the 2nd letter, i was greeted with an error pop-up:"street name error, blah blah blah," basically telling me no street started with the first two letters ("sm" for "smith") in the entire region of northeast!  this is just bull.  my heart sank.  i backed out to the root screen and touched "select address" again.  this time i was going to type in one of the destinations i had already tried earlier.  well, after just one letter ("f" for "fruit"), the error came up!  i was just upset...after restarting the unit at least half a dozen times, the error suddenly went away.  i think i'll call tech support to find out what's going on.  meanwhile, i plan to return this thing to radio shack tomorrow for a full refund.  (good thing i didn't clip the upc for rebate yet.)..i have the 300r+ model which is supposed to be totally integrated with all north american maps.  the software is a pain to use, to say the least.  i've tried a lot of gps systems and this is by far one of the worst (probably still better than this finedrive [name??] i tried before)...stay away
worst gps ever! horrible customer service..i must start my rant by saying the only way that this trashy piece of pittyfully designed equipment has a rating of 4.5 stars is because the company wrote the reviews desguised as happy shoppers. this is my third gps unit and the second one that i have hated. my first was the first miowalker a pda/gps. it was incredible to say the least!! just over 400 dollars it was perfect it connected to the sattelite no matter where i was in under a minute, even if i was moving around town. it had a battery so i could take it with me on foot, and was a fully functioning pda. then, cause i live in l.a., my car got broken into and it was stolen. so i decide to "upgrade" by purchasing a more expensive unit from a more recognizable name "magellan." the only reason i switched was the gps was a little glitchy. i blamed that on all the pda features that i didn't need, boy was i wrong. the magellan arrived from amazon two months after i ordered it, and then cancelled the order. the download process was relatively complicated compared to my mio, and of course i had to purchase a seperate sd card (which at the time was an extra expense). so here are the problems with the unit...a) it works for a few weeks and then stops finding you. the only way to fix this is to reformat the machine with your computer. this process takes a long time, and is not convenient if you are on a road trip. when it stops finding you what i mean is it takes 15-25 minutes to locate you if you are sitting still and if you move, it might take an hour or never. compared to my mio's one minute you should be dettered yet..b) the way it finds addresses is so annoying, without a phone book you will be completely lost. i was recently in montreal canada looking for a hotel on a street the hotel claimed was called demaisenneuve. so i typed it into my gps and it said not found. i was annoyed because this is a major downtownstreet in a major downtown area. so in an attempt to outsmart the system i physically dragged the curser over montreal and manually found the street. it took about half an hour sitting in my car wasting gas and time. i found the street. this thing was less like hal and more like shallow hal when it came it a.i. wanna know why the machine couldn't find the street. cause the streets real name was boulevard de maisenneuve. i mean are you serious. are you telling me that couldn't pop up as an option. my mio would have had me half way to my poutine by the time this thing even knew i had a heartbeat. .3.megellan dousn't care. i called them to complain. they told me, to reformat. i did and it worked. the funny thing is they told me, rudely, that it is normal to take 15min to connect. well you know what, who the hell needs 15 minutes to find something. you are better off taking mapquest or a map and finding it yourself. mio's policy is better, it should take under a minute...trust me, this product is bull, the software is confusing and poor, the hardware is not up to par and is over priced...only purchase if you like being lost and then looking stupid as you tell your friends "dont worry i got a gps." when half an hour later they are twiddling their thumbs in the middle of southern america while duelling banjo's is heard from a nearby farm. ..magellen should go to hell
map updates, customer service  hahahaha.the maps are old, an customer service is clueless. the website is worthless also. the product works, but the old information constantly makes you travel out of the way before you get to your location. i for one will try another brand
roadmaps are not accurate in new york and new jersey!.i bought the product and tested it for about 6 months ago.  here are some of the problems i encountered:..1. the roadmaps are outdated and about 2 years old.2. parts of route 18 in piscataway, nj is missing from the database.3. cities are listed under townships in new york, and new jersey; for instance, bethpage, ny is listed under oyster bay, town of, ny.4. address are listed under wrong towns; for instance, ups in trenton, nj is listed under hamilton, nj.5. sometimes, the voice directions do not match the drawn picture on the screen.6. the magellan gps calculates arrival at destination based on total distance traversed, which in many occasions is inaccurate.7. many time, you would be asked to make a left turn on a major highway even when the road is at a different level.8. the road exclude feature does not work especially on the new jersey turnpike, nj.9. trips are divided into small segments, and you are constantly routed on and off the same highway.10. technical support always states that buying model 700, or model 760 is a better choice, and fixes for model 300, and model 360 would be availabe in the near future..      otherwise, satellite locks are fast, and screen updates are pretty good.  the gps is worthless if you plan on travelling excessly in new york or new jerse
do not buy this recorder.shame on sony. i wish i could give this zero stars. this is the least user-friendly or professional friendly recorder i have ever purchased. the instructions are terribly translated, and very hard to follow, even for the seasoned recording user. but the worst part is that all the controls are on this ridiculously tiny button on the front which, unless you have very long, sharp fingernails or incredibly thin fingers, you are sure to hit stop when you are trying to hit play, etc etc. so what if the sound quality is good if you can't get the tiny little button to move to where you need it to go? a waste of time and an exercise in frustration. don't bother
very poor sound quality.i have returned this product. the sound quality and sensitivity was very poor. other reviews do not report this, but the one i had produced virtually unusable recordings..also, the toggle for the menu was very sensitive and i often had to make several trys to complete an operation..very disappointing
beware! beltronics will not honor it's warranty.i own a different model of beltronics radar detector (the express 925) which i have had for less than a month. it developed a porblem with the display, so i called beltronics so that i could get it repaired. surprise! surprise! the lady there told me they will not honor the warranty of any beltronics radar detector not sold by an "authorized reseller" and she told me that amazon is not an authorized reseller. so if you buy your radar detector from amazon or other non authorized dealers, they will not honor the warranty if you have a problem. check beltronics web site to verify this!
good for photos, bad for general printing needs..if you're looking exclusively for a photo printer, this is a good choice. it's easy to set up and easy to use. you can print direct from the camera, or from the computer. the printer can tell what kind of paper you're using  adjusts print quality accordingly. on glossy photo paper, the photo prints are excellent...however, if you're like me and need one printer for all your needs -- photo  home office printing of paper, envelopes, labels  business cards, this printer is a bad choice. the paper trays are layered on top of each other and tucked into the machine, making them a hassle to unload and load different papers. the trays also hold a very small amount of paper, requiring frequent reloading, even if you're just using plain paper. lastly, the trays also feel flimsy and are sure to break after repeated paper switches. (you have to lift the top tray up and pull the bottom tray out to load  unload and then snap back into place). i also couldn't get it to print envelopes. (printer doesn't line up with envelope feeder, printing text off the envelope instead of on). i'm very disappointed with this purchase  am hoping amazon.com accepts returns
nice product, but no support.the iriver h10 has some good good and not so good points. first, it's a bargain for music enthusiasts who enjoy lots of room for storage. alas, there's virtually no support for it that i could find. the iriver website contains no firmware updates, no pdf manuals, no replacement batteries and, worse, it's as if the company had never heard of the h10. doing a site search came up with two references to the h100, but it's as if the h10 never existed...the h10 has good sound playback. it also contains a tiny seagate hard drive which reads data into a buffer, then locks the heads until more data are needed. although designed to take a certain amount of abuse, the h10 should not be dropped or jarred while the hard drive is actually in use. another major hit for the h10 is that it has no mass storage device usb setting. this means the unit sinks or swims on how well it synchronizes, and this can be a problem with windows media player, which many times requires multi-schronizations to transfer media files. besides, with 20 gigs, it would be nice to be able to also use the h10 to transfer other types of files...the h10 would be perfect if it had a replacable battery, was made by a company that acknowledged its existence, and a msc usb mode. as it is, it's probably fine for some users. just don't expect support.
iriver.don't waste your money. what iriver doesn't tell their customers is that once the battery goes dead, the system is useless. i will never buy one of their products again and i'm doing my best to inform everyone out there that they'll be tossing their money in the trash by purchasing any iriver products. my system cost me $340.00 and it is now as useless as the customer service department at irive
bad design.only works with windows media player for transfers.not easy to work.bad sound (iaudio is better
think twice before you buy.i have had problems with this item since i bought it.  i returned it to iriver once and when it came back and didnt work correctly i contacted globazar to get a refund and the never returned my email.  i didnt use amazons site to pay, i used my credit card so i cant get my money back now.  i will never buy form globazar again
plenty problems.i'm now on my third scanner of this type. ..the first worked for ca. 1 week until it went dead in the middle of a scan. i returned it to the shop and soon recieved a new one. this lasted for a month - and the same thing happened again. well, today i recieved my third scanner, which worked fine - for 15 minutes!! three different scanners, same problem. the design and consept is great - but that does not help at all. if i could rate this with 0 stars i would
still works but i hate it.my mouse hasnt broken yet but it's unresponsive when the bluetooth thingy is plugged into my computer and i hafta shake the mouse around until it starts working.  battery life is horrible so i always have to recharge it.  the only pro i can see is that it's small and has an on/off switch (not that it even matters)
hello in there!!.i had the mouse for about two months and it broke. i sent it back to iogrear and after a couple of weeks i received a mouse back but i think it was a refurb. that one worked for awhile and now the scroll wheel doesn't work. in my opinion it is a waste of money
nice until it broke.used it for 2 weeks and then the on/off switch no longer turned the mouse on.  i had registered it with iogear and contacted them to complain.  they asked me to return it and then sent me a refurbished on that didn't work at all.  seemed like a good mouse and the price was right, but 0 for 2 has made me give the kensington version a try
great pictures - poor hardware quality.i purchased this printer 10 months ago after reading the reviews which all seemed great.  i've always been an hp fan...great product?....give it some time.  my printer has never been moved from its original location.  it has developed blue blocks of color on everything despite numerous attempts at cleaning, aligning, cartridge changes, etc.  when i contacted epson tech support they sent a document on how to clean, align, and change the cartridges.  it's not worth the hassle of sending it 40 miles to a service center.  hp is looking better all the time
not a great mic.this mic was great, for the short time it worked. i only had it for about 2 weeks or so before it quit working. i was glad i had only paid about $4 for it
weak and outdated.this is creative's attempt to capitalize on the success of apple's ipod shuffle by producing a flash mp3 player with no display. this is basically the original nomad muvo, and two years ago when i reviewed that same product i gave it a great review.  but that was two years ago, and an mp3 player without a display just doesn't cut it today.  if you want a no thrills mp3 player for exercise, buy the original nomad muvo, which you can find brand new for about $15. if you're thinking of getting this, go ahead and spend the nominal extra cost to get the nomad muvo tx fm, which includes a display for just a few dollars more...one advantage of this is that it is easy to use.  no software is required, just plug in the usb key to a computer and copy your music.  you'll have to rename some of your files though to get it to play in the order you want to.  battery life is around 18 hours on 1 aaa battery, which is pretty good.  ..the ipod shuffle is successful because of marketing, not because anyone really wants an mp3 player without a display.
don't buy ipod or care!!!.do not buy one of these pieces of crap.  in my first year i had two of them die on me.  since they were covered under the apple warranty apple replaced them after serval hours of me waiting at the apple store.  before the end of my first year i bought the apple care extended warranty to cover the current ipod i had for another year, figuring it would die on me within the year, and it did, this time killing my computer's bios while it was at it.  another serval hours of waiting for help at the apple store, they said they couldn't replace it because it wasn't covered anymore.  i check with apple and for reasons that no one can explain to me, the apple care was "returned".  this was not done at my request, nor was i ever notified of this so called return.  i will never buy another apple product, i got better customer service from dell when i was speaking with people that didn't speak english.  i have spent way more time and money on this terrible piece of s*** than i ever thought i would.  i recommend a archos or creative product instead
100% waste of money.i couldn't get them to fix a cracked screen just 2 months after purchase.  no pressure was put on it, it wasn't dropped, and was in a leather case the entire time.  it was a small crack in the corner (no exterior damage, of course).  i'd prefer to simply set three $20 bills on fire than purchase this useless "protection"
not compatible with all series.plugged this into a talkabout t6200 and it just transmitted.  transmit button didn't work, vox didn't work.  i have a pair of some older model, i should try the headset on those...would give this 0 stars if i could
save your money.i got this dvd player because it was cheap and i figured it would get the job done. well big surpise every dvd i put in it skipped all over and soon it made a loud grinding noise..stay away from this dvd player
get the coby 224 instead!.skip this dvd player and buy the coby 224 instead. usually the 224 can be found for under $30. it plays ntsc and pal, and also has the codes to be a region free player. i have had mine over a year and love it. it is a small, solid little workhorse
massive frustation..this unit was a complete waste of my money. i set it up, it worked fine for 1 day. we watched 2 dvds on it total. after that, the player made a harsh grinding noise and quit. it is now fubar. it powers up, but will not load or play any discs..on a seperate note, the remote that was included with this is very difficult to operate. you need to be right in front of the player, and press the button again and again for it to respond. i tried to program my universal remote to work with it, but the company is apparently too obscure to have codes that will work with universal remotes. .please don't waste your time and cash with this dvd player. it will probaby just encourage coby to turn out more trash like this
don't buy this card.i should have paid more and purchased a known brand. this piece died on me after two months. really disappointed. is there a way to get this replaced if there is some sort of warrenty?
you get what you pay for.i ordered a no-name 2gb minisd card like this one in june; it died in september. ..meanwhile, my sandisk sd card purchased in dec 2004 is still going strong...i just replaced the dead no-name card with a new sandisk card; if i had done this in the first place, like i knew i shoulda, i coulda saved myself $48
doa g-wireless.used this card to replace a linksys wusb54g wireless-g usb adapter that had start to act up on me. i was going to install a 5 port usb pci hub so i figured, "why not ditch the corded adapter while i'm cracking the case?". ..no dice. the card never worked. i made sure that i grounded my self before installing. i was on the phone w/ linksys tech support for an hour and we repeated the same driver install dance that you normally go through on these sort of calls...my computer uses the latest version of xp and is a pretty decent system that's about 4 years old. p4, 2 ghz, 1024 mb of ecc registered memory. yada, yada, yada...i finally returned the linksys card and got a d-link pci adapter. it's worked fine since then though it doesn't have the range of my old usb adapter. i think i'll stick with belkin wirelss products from now on.
not bad but....this is one of those mice that has awesome potential but it doesn't quite live up to it. firstly the good points:..pros:.1) fit is nice and ultra comfortable, perhaps the most comfortable. .2) no need for batteries..3) performance is excellent for the cursor, perhaps the best out there. .4) great wireless range. .cons:.1) drastically short battery life..2) no forward button..3) buggy software..4) wireless is unreliable..5) compatability issues with other products. ..i must admit i was very taken by this mouse. when this thing works it is simply the best thing out there, but over time its problems really begin to surface. i bought it for gaming and for use with adobe photoshop and it that fashion it works wonderfully. admittedly i find very little difference in how it functions within games than any of the ms intellimouse designs that are available but this may be that my system is actually pretty good, so on a subpar machine you may find a performance improvement. the first problems that i noticed where with the software. the mouse didn't work with firefox with the default drivers but this is fixed by downloading the updates from logitech, so don't even bother with the install cd. after this update all seems well however once again over time little problems show themselves. the software doesn't always want to work with your existing hardware and after trying to figure out what was causing the issues by removing all of the keyboards and joysticks (the mouse repeatedly trying to open the address bar in ie) i decided to go without the logitech software and just use windows default mouse settings. this solved most of its little idiosyncracies except for its occasional slowdowns on startup and a number of other little nigglies. so far the problems are all just little annoying things that i can live with, but after awhile i got annoyed at having to change the blasted battery all of the time and then the wireless lag hit. many people have this problem and it causes the mouse cursor to hang for 5-10 seconds or so. in the end i decided that while this mouse is brilliant at times, it is too mercurial to be of use for me. i have abandonded it in favour of the ms wireless laser mouse 6000 which works reliably and offers similar cursor accuracy for games and for photoshop. if you are the sort of person who could tolerate its mercurial nature then this is a winner, if not, then there are better options instead of wondering two or three months down the track why you spent so much on an irritating mouse.
would not recommend - no warranty.i just purchased this item and even though amazons website says there is a warranty, i just got off the phone with amazon customer service and they confirm these are refurbrished units and were going to update the website to indicate that there is in fact no warranty provided
doesn't last long.i am on my second viking card. my first lasted about a year and died, slowly losing a few pictures here and there and then an entire christmas full of pictures before i had a change to upload them on my computer. viking replaced the first card no problem, but i'm still out the pictures and now the new card doesn't work after about eight months of use.  i don't know if this is normal for all cards, but at the price i originally paid (about $45), it really stinks...update:  my second card started dying after about 6 months of use
wrong memory card.this item was offered as a promotuonal item included with the purchase of a nikon p2 coolpix camera.however the compact flash memory card does not work with this camera only sd memory card.this a mistake made by amazon obiously i took it because i though that it worked with the camera. i have noticed that you have made a correction and in the latest promotion the sd memory card is offered..amazon should replace this card since i have not use for it..thanks for the opportunity of being able to make this comment
compatibility problem.i got this for christmas for use with a cassiopeia e125. the software loaded fine, but the receiver did not appear to get a signal. the ambicom office was closed during christmas break, so i put it aside. this week i e-mailed ambicom. their response is as follows:."unfortunately, the software is not compatible with pda os.  it's only for pocket pc 2002 and 2003. sorry for this incovenient caused.".amazon's product description and the (sparse) ambicom documentation did not reveal this detail. now i'm stuck with something i probably can't use.
introduces noise.i like the compact size and dual role for the chargers cord, but when the ipod's battery is not fully charged while playing via the i-tunes module, a very noticable whine or wissle is generated by the charger.  it works well when the charging current is not required during play (it's just keeping the battery topped off), or if you are just charging and not listening to your ipod, but if you want to do both at the same time forget about it with this charger
junk!.this worked reasonably well for 5 1/2 months and broke.  like another reviewer stated, my charger has the indicator light on, but nothing is happening.  what a rip off.  beware
horrible product. does not work!.jut horrible!  brand new out of the box it does not work (does not charge my ipod).  when i plug it into the cigarette lighter by itself, the green light comes on indicating that it is charging (but there is nothing plugged into it!!), and if i have my radio on, i will start to hear a slight buzzing sound.  as soon as i plug in my ipod via the provided firewire cable, the green light goes out and it just sits there getting hot and not doing anything.  it's not the fire wire cable, since i used it with ipod's standard charger.  the problem is with the actual unit that plugs into the cigarette lighter
not the best choice.'retractable' cord doesn't work, so you are left with a long flimsy cord with a big useless hunk of plastic in the center of it. the device creates a high pitched buzzing noise whenever you try to charge the ipod and play music at the same time.  there are other models of ipod car chargers, i imagine *any* of them will function better than this one does
nice but delicate.this is the second time i order this device..it's a very nice, simple and usefull gadget.unfortunatly, this one is not working at all..i'm about to make replaced
yes, i bought it. yes i hated it. yes, i returned it. yes, they replaced it. no, it didn't work. no, i'm never buying it again..i bought an iriver back in january and oh my it was a nightmare using it. i took great care of it, used a case and everything but it was having trouble copying files after a month of working out with it. so i returned it under warranty time and got a replacement. guess what? same thing. i returned it again. i'm done with the iriver
horrible - do not waste your money.i have had this product for 9 months and it has not worked properly for 8 months.  i have had one "return to company and they will fix it" and it came back worse than when it started.  it would not play half of the songs i downloaded, even with the suggested low bit rate change per the company.  i have to reset it to switch songs, to turn it off, to turn it on - basically to perform any function.  i can only get customer service via their website, and it has been a never ending "have you tried....." despite the blatant fact that it should work the first time, simply, without a lot of reformatting and resetting.  .i bought this product for sound quality as well as being anti-ipod.  now i will spend the money for an ipod and count the cash i lost as a lesson - products don't sell by the millions if they don't work (ipod vs. iriver)
unhappy pappy.i could not be less pleased with this piece of electronic dung. terrible software. takes forever to find songs. when you skip a song it takes sometimes up to 30 seconds for it to play the next song. freezes up constantly on me. i have to completely reset it. when i try to log onto napster to go, it tells me i have the wrong player, so i have to reboot my computer then it will work. also it fades into songs instead of playing them right away, you can hear the song slowly fade in. i hate this thing
battery life sucks big time.i got this device last week from amazon. i fully charged it for 24hrs and left it on the table, in the evening when i picked it up to record i found that batter is more then 85% drained. i was only able to record 20 minute of recording...voice quality is good, menu option sucks. it just do not worth $$400...in my views it doesn't worth even single star...i am returning this device today
great unit - power drain problem.i wanted this unit to record guitar practice sessions to analyze and improve my playing. ease of use and sound quality are outstanding for that.  however, i returned the unit because the battery charge would drain off over night and require recharging
the unit is not funtional after only 4 months of use.my microtrak was not funtional after only 4 months of normal use. i wrote to m-audio custom service and they told me that they could not help me because i live in mexico even and when m-audio has a dealer in mexico city(i buy the unit by internet in usa). according with item warranty i have try to send my microtrack to microtrack technical servie for repair but they don't answer my emails. what kind of product is that dont have a custom service for possible future technical problems. now i losed 400 dlls.
piece of garbage.this router is a piece of garbage.  i've known several people who have these (or the 4 port version) and they all have problems with  it locking up, and there is no way to fix it besides pulling the plug.  there ought to be a class action lawsuit against linksys for making a product this poor - there is simply no excuse.  didn't they do any testing at all before releasing it to the public???..their ethernet cards are total garbage too - they cause your computer to spontaneously reboot under heavy network traffic.  do yourself a favour, and don't buy linksys
only one port!.you would need a hub too, pretty pointless to manufacture a router with only one port
provides fast speed, but hangs frequently.i've been using wgt624 for many months and i am not satisfied with it. it hangs frequently. when it hangs you can't even access the router with a wire (lan ports). it works only if you turn it off and on. i've always had the latest firmware updates, but none of those helped.
a bad product all around.i bought this because i got a good deal on it at a local store. however, after setting it up and not being able to get the router to work without frequent drop outs requiring a reboot, i went online to check reviews. i was amazed to find that nearly everyone  here has had the exact same experience as me. this product must be faulty in its basic design. .in terms of the wireless card for my laptop that goes with it, i couldn't even get it to work. after a very frusterating few days, i returned the product and bought a lynksys and it set up like a dream. flawless so far (only 2 days but still eons better than the netgear product)...i would absolutely avoid this product like the plague!
wgt624 sucks out loud ... i don't suggest it....netgear is a major name and i expected better. router has the latest firmware yet it still randomly stops the wireless transmitter dropping all clients. worse, when you turn on upnp (universal plug and play) all network traffic becomes unbearably slow ... i have broadband my router should never slow down cnn to the point where i can watch the frames draw in slow detail .... not good. if you turn upnp off then xbox live becomes a roll of the dice in terms of what features will or won't work due to nat settings that can't be changed manually on the router. long story short, i don't recommend it. save your money for another companies product
i didnt even get to use it.its a cheap knockoff.i plugged it in, and 3 seconds later, the thing pops!  sparks blew off inside of the transformer piece.  its completely shot now.  .do not buy
5 pounds shipping?!.eforcity sent me the wrong and defective items before - there is no way this item could weigh 4 lbs and have a shipping weight of 5lbs... that is how they make money on 89 cent "products". i had to use the amazon guarantee to be reimbursed from the last time eforcity sent me garbage. thank you amazon, you rock
do not save on your charger!!!.i had one of these because i was too cheap. :( it toasted my ipod on the first charge. if you are lucky, you may get one that works. if not..
bull s.i bought these for use in my vacations. it worked ok a few times, but one day it stop working.
very disappointing useless gadget.i just got it, and i am sending it back for a bunch of reasons...1st, it doesn't work with my dish system..2nd, the setup is a nightmare. even after downloading the firmware, and software updates, this was a disaster. the remote would just display firmware successfully updated, and would not leave that screen no matter what buttons you push..3rd, their database is horribly incomplete, and inaccurate..4th, it's a cute idea to try to have one button control but unless it works right it is just another useless selling gimmick..5th, again, it doesn't control my dish sytem, but the $8 philips remote i have, does that just fine. what a crock. .6th, if a company can't answer their phones within 10 minutes, that is normally a clue that they aren't well managed...of course you have to install software but it doesn't stop there, you have to disable your firewall and popup blockers, and all that good stuff, and of course you have to answer no in 5 different places to not get their email solicitations, as well as answer questions like where you live, and your comfort levels with different products, most likely more market research. god i'm so burned out on companies gathering every piece of info on me that they can. ..overall an abosolute nightmare, and waste of a perfectly good evening...i originally bought this because of the high compliments other users gave it, but i just don't see how that is. now i get to pay to ship this junk back
does not retract.agree with the prior reviewers.  i can not get it to retract any longer and that was only after 3 uses!
do not wast your time with this product...period.i am on my second one and i will be returning this one also. both of them worked once and then would not retract fully after that. i was so mad i almost threw it against the wall. i thought the first one was a defect, but then when i got the second one i realized it was a design flaw... if you buy the targus one keep your receipt because i guarantee you will be returning it. what i don't get is how targus has the guts to release this product and also put on it: satisfaction guaranteed. what a joke..
not a reliable device.60gb = ipaperweight ..i loved it while it worked, but it doesn't seem to work long.  i've had 2 of these - each lasted ~7mo. before the drive croaked and began generating "internal disk errors" that prevent the device from being reset, reformatted, or in any way accessed by itunes or my computer. apple's warranty is good only 1 yr. from the date of purchase.  it covered the 1st one but not the 2nd.  ~$250 to repair.  i now refer to it as the ipaperweight
ipods stink!!.had a 4th gen 40 gig that just causes me headaches. sent in 3 times to apple and now it does not connect to crappy itunes software.i am ebaying the ipod and getting a creative...i hate ipods!
thay are cheep, but on the other hand; thay are cheep.well... i have heared better. here are some other things you (yes you!) should know about these:.with there lack of rf\if sheleding you will, fantly, hear local radio stations, or just static. and when your computer is turened off, the power stays on to these, so you will still hear the radio or stact coming out of them, but that can be fixed by turing them off, but, you will of corse have to turn them back on when you want to listen to somthing..being a 2.1 system rather than a 2.0 system, it has better lows then speaker systems without a subwoofer: infact, befor i got a subwoofer to go with the harman/kardon's that i replased these with, i found myself missing these cheep blk's because the blk's could go lower...that said, i shall call these: just ok
i would rate this speaker  negtive five star if i could.dear friends, .buy this product if you don't mind having crappy speakers that cracks constantly and picks up the noise from electric current as soon as you turn it on. i mean to be fair, of course i am not expecting sound quality from high-end audio systems that are more then ten times pricier, but trust me, these speakers sucks so bad that they don't even worth a couple bucks. if you don't trust me, then go ahead and buy it. but don't regret that you are not warned
broken subwoofer.i've only had these speakers for 6 months and the subwoofer has already stopped working. these speakers are cheap but they are also flimsy and have poor workmanship. spend the few extra bucks and get something better
monster does not support directv high def.i bought this device because i needed a surge protector.  i could have bought a cheap $50 surge protector but considering the cost of this device $160 this was a bargain.  i wanted to protect a new samsung dlp, home theater and new h20 directv hdr.  its a solid metal piece, the volt meter and indigo glow is a discussion piece.  i noticed the fluctuation in my house voltage from 115 to 120...why a 2, well to my surprise one of the satellites do not register in the directv.   only when i disconnect the satellite coax from the monster device and plug it directly into the directv h20 dvr did it register.  i would imagine all the monster devices have the same problem no matter the cost since the enginneering would be similar...really too bad considering monster's reputation, would have been better off buying a cheaper device.
worse ever keyboard.what an experience ! i have had to re-install the setpoint function repeatedly (8 or 9 times) in the first two weeks of use and it still doesn't work. it seems to drop out when the computer is shut off. in addition the software is the slowest i have ever used and the help funtion is useless. it is impossible to contact anyone about problems..i have a logitech trackball mouse which has always worked well but the keyboard is a disaster
worse than some no-brands..ok, i might just be a weirdo, since other people seem to like this keyboard, but i do regret buying it and i miss my old "standard issue" dell keyboard this one was supposed to replace...in my opinion, this keyboard is flawed in several important ways:..- the layout of home/end/... key group is non-traditional, with large delete key and no insert one. i know, it is my fault, that  i didn't pay attention when i purchased this model but man does it hurt! being a partial touch-typist, i keep making mistakes by hitting end instead of pgup. i don't know, maybe the new layout is better in some way or it reflects the new state of computing these days, but i fail to see any particular advantage of it...- the [darn! hit pgdn instead of end... again!] function keys have low-profile funky round shape. they might look cool but i find them more annoying compared to the traditional ones...- i dislike the tactile feedback of this keyboard. the keys have short "throw" and feel clumped together (although this is just a feeling - i didn't do any measurements). as a result, even though i cannot quite put a finger on it (pardon the pun), of 4 desktop keyboards i have to use on a day-to-day basis, this one somehow makes using it a chore. in fact, it makes me  miss the old keyboard this one replaced...- yet another subjective thing: the labels on the keys are smaller than usual and they sit squarely in the middle of each key (as opposed to the traditional upper left corner placement). somehow, i find this annoying as well. such placement will also be a showstopper for those planning to affix labels for a second language...overall, i'm quickly reaching the point where the chore associated with using this keyboard will outweigh the guilt of buying another one. microsoft digital media pro keyboard is in the same price/features category. having been a happy user of it at my home desktop pc (which i use a lot) i wholeheartedly recommend it as an alternative for the model reviewed. besides, according to a recent pc magazine review, a number of no-brand keyboards usually sold by chains like compusa actually sport very good quality at very low prices, so this might be another route for a conscious keyboard shopper
prepare to shoot yourself.this d-link hardware unit is fine.  the problem is with vonage service...don't sign up for vonage unless you are a masochist.  if everything is working fine, you'll have no problem.  but if you need to make so much as one little adjustment to your account, or you need tech support---forget it.  you have never seen such incompetence.  you will literally spend entire days on the phone speaking to utterly incompetent people who cannot speak english.  in the end, they will tell you they can't help you.  then they will tell you you can't cancel your account because of your contract.  and if you have complaints about that, they may actually curse at you and hang up.  this actually happened to me.  carpe diem
i got burned.as a frequent amazon shopper, i tend to trust reviews.  this time, i went against better judgement and took a chance on these memorex dual layer discs.  0 for 15.  try another brand....i got burned
i have yet to burn a successful copy.i'm 0 for 5 so far.  i three different dual-layer burners, so i don't think its the hardware.  these were very expensive, so i try not to use them when i can use a single side dvd.  but when i do need to use them, they always seem to fail.  now that i read these comments, i know its the brand.  don't buy these
avoid buying at all costs!.these discs are horrible.  i bought a spindle of fifty and only had 2 successful burns.  if you read about memorex dual layer discs in newsgroups of dvd copying websites everyone in the forum complains about how bad they are.  i'll never burn to memorex ever again.  avoid at all costs
worst quality and lackluster warranty.this is by far the poorest quality dvd+r dl on the market.  failure rate is about 75%.  memorex contracted these discs out to cmc magnetics.  please don't confuse cmc with mcc, which is top of the line and belongs to verbatim.  these discs will fail in the burn and give crc, bad sectors, unable to read, invalid type, and other various error codes.  if you like expensive coasters, then these are the brand for you.  if you want quality dl media with extremely low compression artifacts and nice effortless burns, then go with verbatim...memorex will honor a warranty to a point.  if you make more than one warranty claim for the same product; say several weeks later for more bad discs, they will not honor it.  so beware there too
no stars - read below.i purchased a second 1gb travel drive to mate up with one that had been working fine.  the second drive is a different version (although they look identical) which does not work with my computer.  there is no question that my computer is older technology having had a win 98 o/s which i upgraded to win me.  after talking with tech support and trying all the recommended solutions, tech support recommended i get a replacement or refund under their warranty program.  bottom line, they passed the buck: not their problem - "...go contact your computer manufacturer".  so i'll be selling my memorex drives on ebay and recommend you think twice before purchasing this product.  also, it took a month to get a reply in the first place
not any good.i bought one of these drives 3 months ago. it has overheated as long as i have had it even if it isn't being used - if it's in the drive it gets hot. it actually got so hot that the plastic melted on it(this happened in the course of 20 minutes!)...it also wasn't always recognized when plugged in. pretty much at random some computers wouldnt recognize it, and finally a few days ago it began to give disk read errors and failing to copy files...i sent it back and i hope to get a refund but i'll probably just get a replacement...it sounds like a good price, but i advise you not to get this drive
i can't recommend it.it was cheap. it plays my ipod. it sounds very tinny..i would spend a little more and get better sound next time. i didn't think the poor quality would bother me, but it does and i find myself not docking my i pod in my office (where the dock is located) as often as i would if the sound were great
sucky mcsuckle.fuzzy, high-pitched (wake up all the dogs in the neighborhood)wailing sounds in bewteen and often during songs. ..just do yourself a favor, and pony up for a bose. ..you'll just be happier in the end.
you get what you pay for!.it's ok.  the coby tf-dvd7107 plays dvds nicely, but:.1. the remote control froze the screen when used.2. sometimes the dvd will freeze.3. the during play menu, doesn't allow quick language switches.4. it can have a moderate whirring noise when playing.so far, it's still working and i've had it for a few months.  i wouldn't be surprised if it broke in a year's time
headphones, great sound and scratchy microphone.the sound from these headphones can't be beat, but even though the attached mike boom functions well-it's sound is scatchy on both ends. you really need the usb connector type headset, not the 3.5 mm connectors on this unit. i have tried usb headset and they are clear as a bell
i'll never buy another toshiba product.bought this tv in may of 2005.  it died in early march.  the parts have been on back order since then.  if you want a nice heavy paperweight i would suggest this product
title? how about "worst product i have ever used.".this is one of the worst products i have ever used. it gives you no detailed instructions for ironing on, like how long you are supposed to do it; it just says "iron the transfer onto light fabric." it ruined the brand new white tank top i bought for this project...and left me angry and frustrated. i would have given it 0 stars but that wasn't an option! phone # on package, but you end up with an answering machine, and i did find in very small print (that you aren't looking for when shopping) it does say, "we shall not be responsible for incidental or consequential damages related to the use of this product." i guess that says it all, doesn't it
over one month and no item.i ordered this item on aug. 16 it is now sept. 19 and no kit. it is not very useful
qt 3 vs qt 2 vs sony nc50 vs shure e4c.quick note --- i have tried all four headphones (qt 2, qt 3, sony nc50, shure e4c) while travelling on airplanes, so i've taken them to the best noise challenge possible --- my comparisons of all four are below --- i do not recommend purchasing the qt 3 --- my reasons below - ..the qt 3 have an excellent sound, are very portable, and very comfy --- but i'm going to be comparing them head-to-head to the shure e4c and the sony mdr-nc50 (my other favorite headphones)..1. sound --- the shure e4c clearly has the best sound, mostly because they are engineered to allow for the highest amount of fidelity to come through, whereas the sony nc50 and qt 3 muffle their sounds with way too much bass, in an attempt to cover up the loss of fidelity --- still, the sound of qt 3 is very good, but it's not better than the sony mdr nc50, which is is probably a bit better ..2. comfort --- i was impressed with the qt 3's fit and comfort, mainly because their sound seems to be just as good as the qt 2, yet its clearly smaller and much lighter ---- the sony mdr nc50 is bigger, and the shure e4c is buds --- if you like headsets (not buds) then i would prefer the qt 3 over the sony mdr nc50 when it comes to size/comfort, only because they are much smaller and more portable - but not by a lot..3. noise cancelling --- the noise cancelling is pretty solid on the qt 3, but i'm more impressed with the sony nc50 noise cancelling ability --- i found the sony nc50 to have better sound and noise cancelling ability, but more importantly is the fact that the sony nc50 has a monitor button that allows one to interrupt the music and hear outside noises, in case someone is trying to talk to you --- the fact that bose couldn't include this feature is a bit disappointing ---- the shure e4c, of course, are buds and do not have noise cancelling abilities, but their proximity to one's earlobe makes noise cancelling unnecessary..4. price --- believe me --- the qt 3's are not worth $350 --- the sony nc50 has better sound quality, better noise cancelling, and better features (monitor button) --- the only reason the qt 3 would be better than the nc50 is because of size and portability (but that's only by a little - the nc50 is not huge) --- with that said, you can get better headphones for 1/3 the price --- if you are game for going to the $350 price range, then go for the shure e4c or e5c, as their sound quality is terrific (but granted, you'll have to like 'buds')..don't be afraid to spend over $300 for great headphones --- they do make an awesome difference --- but the qt 3 is a ripoff because sony has produced a better, all-around, pair of headphones for 1/3 the price..and clearly, the best sound is found in a company like shure --- believe me, even though the shure headphones lack 'noise cancelling' it is a feature that should not deceive you --- i've often  used the shure e4c on many airplane rides and have always been very pleased..so in conclusion --- the qt 3 is not bad --- it's actually good --- but it's not worth the price when there are so many better products out there..happy buying!!!! love and peace!!!
way overpriced.once you get over the shock of an extra battery costing $50 (!!!) and not available for 4-6 weeks, you may start thinking, hey, they could charge anything. there's a marketing genius in there somewhere. or not. maybe it's a pack of 10?..quality is fine if you've never put on decent headphones. makes everything sound like fm radio, played through speakers in a swimming pool. bass is really muddled. i'm no audiophile, i mean really muddled, or extra deep, or something. like mud. definitely worse than my old ipod standard buds (and i think one of them is blown, and they still sound better). this from the same company that makes the wave radio? unbelievable. voices sound good, though, so depends what you listen to...did i mention that the custom battery is really annoying? gotta carry the charger around. what's the point of smaller headphones if you gotta carry more stuff? charger's only $40, go figure. maybe it comes with a battery? you wish, sucka!..two points for style. the guys on the plane are gonna stare. required for business-class. plus, my wife likes them. 5 stars for watching tv
17bii+ problem.my biggest issue with the 17bii+ is the one that apparently plagues other users as well.  my first and sometimes second keystroke doesn't always register.  it happens randomly and is a major problem for me. i've gone through four of these calculators and three of the four had the same problem. i kept returning them until i got one that works...it's unfortunate. a calculator that can't calculate is useless. the company has/had a great reputation. they really should get their act together
occasional keystrokes do not register.--after a little longer trial i still experienced many keystrokes not registering - i am returning the unit and looking for a 17bii (not the "+").----------------.--as an update, you can tell from my below review i was upset about the keystrokes not registering - i do however, very much like the new design of this calculator, so i have decided to give it a little longer trial period.  the "3" key was a problem and after repeatedly pressing it i noticed i couldn't get it to not register again, so i am hoping that repeated use may help the problem.  i will give an update on the outcome..----------------..i have had this unit for 5 days - i read the other reviews about keystrokes not registering and was hoping this problem was fixed - it has happened to me many times already.  this is a huge problem when you are using the calculator for your job when clients depend on you.  if you don't catch the mistake that results from a non-registering keystroke it can be costly.  this is a beautiful calculator, too bad they did such a poor job with the keys.  i own a 17bii and bought this as a second unit to carry with me when away from the office.  i will be returning the 17bii+ and looking for a used 17bii to replace it.  one would think the newer model would be an improvement, not the case here
good and bad.this is a nice little player in some ways, it had the things i was looking for:..1) runs on an aaa battery, so no worries about charging.2) has an sd card slot - great!.3) 1 gb of built in memory - nice..the interface and functionality of the player are very lacking.  i got used to it after a couple weeks, but the deal breaker was when i got enough music on it to see that it wasn't playing music in the right order.  i had a whole cd of music in one folder and it wasn't playing the songs in the right order.  it wasn't even playing them in any kind of predictable order.  this thing uses the id3 tags heavily, but it was ignoring the track # on those too.  i finally called tech support, and they told me the lyra was not programmed to play songs in any particular order - not alphabetically, or by track #, or file name, nothing...when a manufacturer loses sight of the most basic level of functionaltiy - i can't control what order i hear tracks in - at all?  i mean, come on.  this is an automatic "return to sender"
this thing sucks.hi my names is john..yea i know everyone is giving this a 5 star or 4 star rating, but i think this thing sucks.  don't get me wrong, when you first get it the thing is awesome. it is cool lookin, it protects the lcd screen well and all of the rest of the ipod.  but what happens overtime. lets take a look..1: the case becomes loose..2.  the protective screen moves around cuzz it looses its stickyness and scratches the lcd screen..3.  it gets dirty reallly easily and you cant get it off..4.  it makes the hold switch hard to get to..in my opinion get something scratch proof from agent 18 or xtrememac
many defects.the first thing i noticed on this mp3 player after i turn it on is that the screen was not centered.  very dificult to figure out how it works.  don't have a lock key and i got it accidentally turn off and on when i move.  finally, i returned this product to amazon
warning: this doesn't work with ipod nano g2.the new (aluminium) nanos just doesn't fit in the dock. unfortunately this isn't mentioned anywhere on this page as far as i can see...buyer beware! (mines on the way back to the warehouse as we speak
for $30 it was over priced.i agree with the comment below.  i was under the assumption as the previous reviewer.  i would pay about $5 with no shipping but no more.  it basically is more cosmetic than productive
not very useful.i don't find this to be that useful. the only benefit is that it holds the ipod upright (it has a line out feature, but that's not why i purchased it and i won't use that). i assumed (incorrectly) that it came with it's own power cord, so that it would, by itself, charge the ipod. you must purchase a separate plug or use the usb jack that it came with. i wanted an addition means of charging the nano. had i known that it was just a base, i wouldn't have purchased this item, certainly not for $30. for me, the utility of this isn't worth more than a few bucks, and i'm not exactly the miser type
i should have known better.the price was right($20), that should have been my first clue to the poor quality. ..the sound was ok at best. low end was a bit muffled and the high's were not crisp. ..they blocked out un-wanted noise out adaquately, but the inter-changable buds are prone to falling off and getting lost way to easily. there is no case or protective pouch for storage. the gauge of the wire is too thin and the jacket of the wire is easily damaged. the in-line volume control switch feels cheap and flimsy, like it ready to break apart. .. i did not expect awesome sounding headphones for $20. for the price, i expected a decent sounding pair that was well  constructed so it could take some abuse...i cannot recommend these headphones based on the poor construction and vunerability of the earbuds getting lost..do not waste your money on these headphones. keep looking and be prepared to spend a little more. it will be worth it in the long run.
don't waste your mony on this very expensive junk..these are nearly useless. the volume must be regulated by  the consumer product safety commission. you have to stay oriented to the transmitter, no swivel chairs. get a wire set if you want to feel your music
disappointed.i was disappointed with the order processing.  the seller ignored my immediate e-mail noting a correction on the shipping address.  i called and they said they ignore e-mails.  they were rude on the phone and did not address the shipping address correction.  ..nonetheless, i eventually received the item.
no better range than my built-in.software installation the first time and i had to get a registry cleaner to clean everything up to the point where i could install it again. finally got everything installed, but the d-link wouldn't even log in to my wireless network. on top of that, there was no improvement on signal strength over the built-in on my laptop
bad bad products.it suddenly stoped working after two months. the tech support is even worse, alway tried to let me believe the problem is from router. don't trust d-link
tivo users beware.i purchased 2 d-link dwl-g120 802.11g adapters from amazon through office depot to use on two tivo dvr's. i wanted the extra speed of these adapters, which were the only 802.11g adapters recommended by tivo. i bought them specifically to make use of the tivo to go features that allows you to watch a show on one tivo that was recorded on another one via the network and to transfer recordings from a tivo to my pc.  neither feature worked with these adapters.  if you read the tivo website carefully, you will see they recommend d-link dwl-g120 version b2.  the amazon website did not indicate what version was being sold.  i was shipped the b1 version and they keep losing the connection whenever i try to transfer recordings from one tivo to the other or to my pc.  a tivo person on their community forum verified that a different chipset is on the b2 and that the b1 causes hangups and freezes like what i experienced.  ..by the way, i don't think the 802.11g makes the transfers any faster than 802.11b.  even when the transfers were working before freezing, the speed was about the same or slower than real time.  i've read technical reviews on other adapters and they all say the same thing.  of course, tivo doesn't mention this in all their hype about tivo to go...i emailed office depot to see if i could get a refund or exchange them for the proper version.  so far, no reply from office depot. to be fair, the first adapter was defective, but office depot shipped me a replacement within 3 business days after i phoned them, not that it mattered as it turned out. i'll give them a great review as a merchant if they take back the two i still have...my advice, pay the extra cost and buy adapters direct from tivo.  then you only have one vendor to deal with if problems develop.  if i ever get the b2 version and they work well, i'll post a new review, but for now i'm giving these adapters the lowest rating possible - 1 star
couldn't get it to work.buy a sound blaster audigy. this card wouldn't work after hours of trying. the sb card took two minutes to install.
no tech support.i purcahsed the riveria and have had problems for days with it..i installed it and windows xp did not acknowledge the device. i tried to isntall the drivers and the cd doesnt work and so i went to the website to get the drivers there and they dont have drivers for xp, just windows 98. the cd starts to install and just stops. i disabled the old audio card and disabld norton anti virus and still the card is not recognized by my computer...even worse..they have no technical support by phone, only fax and email. you cannot get proper technical support by fax...what a sad joke. i dont know if the audio card and cd are no good because i cant speak to anyone. i have done everything they give you to do to troubleshoot on the website and stil it doesnt work. by the time i send this back through the mail and get a refund it wil be a month from now....i wanted to just intsall it and start recording
velcro delimma.the second time i removed the ipaq from the case the velcro stuck to the case and would not stick to the ipaq again.  what do you do then?  without velcro, the case does not serve its purpose - or the hand held bounces around inside.  i have contacted sumdex, but have not heard from them yet.  velcro is great but...
low quality.i didn't heed the warnings on the previous reviews and bought these dvds anyway.  the bad reviews were unfortunately accurate and these discs refuse to work in my nec burner and only operate at 2x in my powerbook's superdrive...spend a little extra and get a better brand
works, but you will not receive a penny from creative.the camera works. most of those complaining probably didn't touch the focus dial.. you have to adjust it manually. the quality beats any logitech in my opinion...[...
don't work buy logitech.creative was help and now i'm stuck with a cam that don't work.  i would never buy from creative again
does not work with multiple laptops.go check out creative's discussion forums in their support area and do a search on toshiba. myself and many others have toshiba laptops that these do not work with. i have contacted support with no assistanced given whatsoever. in fact they have told multiple people to go get a powered usb adapter.. this totally defeats the purpose of a laptop camera. i have other creative webcams that work fine without that hassle on this laptop. it is this model thats sucks. (...
failed to install, had to return..i should have checked the creative labs web site first.  after i tried and failed several times to install this web cam to my notebook computer (even with the creative labs tech support), i checked their discussion forum to learn that this is a wide-spread problem.  there is some design flaw with the camera or the drivers and there appears to be a large number of notebook makes and models that do not recognize the device when you plug it into the usb port.
does not seem to work with axim 51 running windows mobile 5.0 pocket pc.i installed driver from disk and everything went just like the directions said.  dell axim 51 pocket pc registered that software had loaded properly, but when i plugged in the wireless adapter and tried to initiate the config, the status line indicated "driver not installed" and the program summarily ended, kicking me back to my desktop.  i called customer support at linksys and they were not able to offer any assistance.  i tried downloading the driver from the linksys website and it appeared exactly like the build that came with my product installation disk.  behaved the same also, gave the same error - driver not installed.  i'm sending it back
uncomfortable.the speakers don't stay snug against your ear canal, and the ear clip is uncomfortable.  bad design
save yourself the trouble....if you like to gamble on mediocre hardware, then by all means by this card, maybe you'll get lucky and it won't lockup your machine or freeze your system for several minutes randomly.  do yourself a favor and search google for "netgear fa311" and look at all the problems.  this card has a major hardware flaw that can't be solved by drivers or firmware updates.  i've tried using 3 different drivers, two from netgear, and one from the chip manufacturer themselves, all 3 resulted in random freezes within 5 minutes of booting into windows.  if netgear is aware of the problem they're yet another company that doesn't support their customers because they don't admit it and they don't offer a fix.  probably because it's a hardware issue that can't be fixed with software.  i hear these problems are solved on the fa312 because it uses a totally different chipset, so if you absolutely have to buy a card from netgear, get that instead of the fa311
don't use this card with windows xp.i've had constant problems with this card since i upgraded to xp. i've given up on trying to make this work and i'm going to go buy another card
flaky.overall i like netgear...but i think this card may have been rushed to market.  it worked fine at first, but overtime developed issues to the point where, the card will not establish a connection with the gigabit switch.  i have some 100 mb switch ports still available, and the card works ok in them, but when i connect it to the gigabit switch, it will not establish a connection.  we have upgraded drivers, reseated the cards, tried different ports, even rebuilt the computer and it still will not maintain a connection unless we have it connected to the 100 mb switch...which kind of defeats the purpose.  hopefully netgear's newer gigabit cards are more stable
the worst network card ever.i have had some nics of questionable quality, but this card is a joke.  i bought it almost a year ago, and it worked just fine for the majority of that time.  recently, it has made my system unstable and i blue screen several times a day while attempting to download.  my advice: get a better card from a better manufacturer
buy the cheap ones!.using the component input on your tv can make a huge difference in picture quality, but the differentce between the lower priced monster cables and the most expensive monster cables in not noticeable. save yourself $50 and buy the cheap ones
dead after 45 days.....just long enough to convince me i didnt need the receipt, therefore no return possible. and any one who has a problem has to jump through hoops to get it fixed by d-link
garbage.i simply wouldn't buy this product or any belkin product for that matter because most of them contain lead and are unhealthy.  how can they get away with selling such products.  just because they let you know that it contains harmful chemicals doesn't make it right
not happy with this product.this product contains lead and other harmful chemicals in the gel part of the pad.  if you are allergic to lead do not buy this product.  i bought 2 for gifts and have to return them because of allergic reactions to it.  it is a good buy but not at the cost of your own health
very fragile headphones.i can't review the sound quality of these earphones as they broke in my briefcase before i could use them on a long flight causing me to press a broken earpiece against my head in an almost comical fashion for an hour until i threw them under the seat in front of me and left them there. ganted these are not supposed to be industructable, but they should withstand some everyday usage parameters. there are much better choices
not very compatible with sony fs laptop.i have used 6 dvd-r out of ten now. and 2 failed. i use sony fs550. maybe they are not very compatible, or i burned too much data on a single disc. (i usually burn 4450mb, close to the 4489 limit shown on nero)
the rebate is a scam!  order from someone else..the rebate must be postmarked within days of when the product is ordered, not when it is shipped or when it is received. i received my product too late to claim the rebate
shipped too late.this product although is good but the shipping sucks. i waited 15 days for the product and by then the rebate had expired since it needs to be sent with the package invoice and since the package was  very very late i couldnt help it. ..so be aware of this trick that they play
motorola t7400r gmrs.nice pieces of equipment, but not what i was led to believe. they delivered what they promised, except for the range. no, i did not expect "12 miles" of range, even within a line of site. i came into this deal expecting and requiring a range of only two miles as the crow flies to communicate with other parties. unfortunatly, all the moto's could muster was 7 tenths of a mile through light foilage (pine trees). nice two-way radio's, but unless you are within a line of site, forget their promise of distance. if you can see the target, then you will connect. if not, use your cellular
motorola t7400r gmrs / frs rechargeable 7 mile two-way radio, 2 pack, yellow.don't waste your money ! you will be lucky to get a half of a mile out of them...don
this item is not available.after six weeks of waitng and exchange numerous e-mails with amazon staff, i finally recieved a message that this item has not yet been released by the manufacturer, and amazon will notify me when it becomes available.  ignore the 2-3 day shipping above and the 41% of people who bought this item.  it is all untrue they don't have it haven't sold any and don't know when they will. i will change this review when and if my order is delivered
went through 2 units with skipping problems.the one star is for battery life. otherwise incredibly frustrating to go through two players both with unpredictable stutter and skip problems on different disks. ..in addition, the screen controls are limited. if you are playing an older letterboxed dvd, it will only show it with blackbands all around resulting in a 5' picture. you can only stretch the picture, not magnify it to fill the 16x9 screen
dead pixel is true!!!.as many other customers i didn't believe in the problem of the dead pixel and decided to take the risk. unfortunately when i first opened the toshiba sd-p1850 the dead pixel was there right in the middle of the screen. ..i live in dominican republic and for me it will be very difficult to return this item (and probably very expensive to do it), so i will have to live with this red pixel in the dvd's screen for as long as it works...please don't make the same mistake!
toshiba usually reliable, not in this case.my positive experiences with toshiba in the past is what lead me to purchase this specific brand dvd player.  my family and i went on two vacations within the last month and this was purchased for my children to watch their movies during the plane rides. immediately out of the box the dvd player functioned very loudly when loading a dvd, making a grinding/grunting noise.  it did have a beautiful picture on the lcd screen, however.  the player only lasted about 3 weeks and stopped working during our return flights from our second vacation.  it didn't even last one month!  i would avoid purchasing this item again because, even when working, it took forever to load dvd's and was very loud when doing so.  not to mention that if you have problems with the unit, you have to send it to toshiba for service and cannot return it to the vendor you purchase if from, which is a significant inconvenience.
"never operate in moving vehicle".like others, i did a lot of research before choosing the sd-p1850. the description of the unit says "take your favorite entertainment on the road with you and keep your kids entertained during long car trips with the slim-profile toshiba sd-p1850 portable dvd player".  imagine my surprise when i read the owner's manual and in several places it warns " do not operate the player in a moving vehicle. vibration may prevent proper playback or cause damage to the disc." and "do not use the player in a place subject to vibration."  and yet, it includes a vehicle adapter.  what are we supposed to do with it?  send the kids out to the car to watch videos while the car remains in the driveway
completely without merit.having used other video calibration disks before (the digital essentials and a few others i can't recall), i have to say that this dvd isn't worth the plastic it's encoded on.  there is basically no real information, and the set-up is guided by some wanna-be pop star who goes out of her way to make the whole process as non-technical as possible by removing any indication of what you're actually trying to achieve.  the few calibrations they have you work through are basic at best, and they entirely skip over color calibration.  pure uselessness
monster hole in my wallet.color me stupid.save you money and your time..thirty dollars for 20 minutes?? hah!! just like every other monster product; overpriced and over-rated. save you money buy a.real calibration dvd. .if i could give it back, i would. .don't be sucked in by the name....
good for the simple minded.this dvd is okay. it does what it advertises, but there are much better calibration dvds out there. this dvd doesn't contain any audio calibration, which is what i also wanted. some of the calibration on the dvd is too subjective for my taste. i really thought the music video at the end was rather pointless. if you're a guy with a short attention span, this dvd will probably work for you...i found that "the avia guide to home theater" dvd was much better. the avia dvd provides much less subjective calibration. it contains audio calibration. it contains suggestions on the types of cables to use, and other helpful suggestions for setting up your home theater. the only downside of the avia dvd was that it wasn't widescreen, unlike this widescreen dvd, but in reality the widescreen video is only useful if you're too blind to notice that your aspect ratio on the tv is causing circles to look like ovals...personally, i thought this monster/isf dvd was a waste of my money
complete waste of money.marc anderson's review below hits the nail on the head. this is possibly the most useless tv tool and/or calibration tool that has ever been marketed. it is about as high tec as a plastic pair of 3-d glasses and about as useful also. when you buy a calibration disc you are not interested in someone's singing career or her "cutsy" expressions about calibration. this really is a disc that explains the 4-5 basic components of tv calibration whilst leaving the viewer hanging at the point where more info. is necessary. it may be helpful to someone who has not owned a color tv in the last 45 years but otherwise there is no value added. it is certainly easy to use because there is nothing really to use. absolutely terrible
there has got to be something better..don't waste your money on this. it seems the only reason this dvd was made was to feature someone's girlfriend's video. it's nothing more than...if you see an x on the screen your brightness is set too high and the girl in the middle should look good while the one one the right looks pasty. now your done let's watch a terrible music video.
poor design.the headband broke in 2 places after a few months of usage. even though the sound you hear is fairly good, it is not worth the money
not worth the price.  can get better headphones for a fifth of this price.just because its a bose you tend to think that they sound better.  indeed if you go to a bestbuy store, where there is lot of ambient noise and try these haedphones you perceive it to sound better.  but return home and then compare them with other cheaper headphones and you will find that the bose is not tremendous after all...i listened with these headphones for 3 weeks and returned them because i eventually found that i got more satisfaction from the cheaper sennheiser hd 202 headphone for which i had paid only 20$ at amazon whereas the bose cost me almost 160$ including taxes.  ..so please don't go just by brand name.  trust your ears and not your eyes because you are going to listen through your ears and not eyes.  forget the bose symbol on your headphone and compare them to any other headphone that you previously own.  they will sound as good.  don't waste your money on this product...the audio is too loud.  the treble is too high pitching and almost pains your ears after some time.  the bass is reduced, that's the reason, it does not blur even at high volumes.  overall mediocre soun
triport are junk.my experience is poor!  i purchased the product for quality sound and i do love the sound, however the engineers at bose corp. should be fired!   i loved the sound of my first pair so much that i purchased my second set of head phones - shortly after this my nightmare began.  in a year and a half, i have had to send both pairs of triport headphones back to bose corp. and not just once but twice!  this product is junk, but it does sound good.  i urge anyone who has purchased a pair, to send them back if they can because eventually they will break.  i also urge anyone who has a pair that is broken to send them back. don't buy this produc
in addition....it appears it can't convert from digital optical to coaxial, so all the devices you want to use with the switch have to be the same, or whatever you connecting the output to has to be willing to accept coaxial audio sometimes and optical other times.  ..i'm also not a big fan of the way it switches devices.  you have to teach it an ir command, but what if you are using it with a device that doesn't have a remote (say a game console, for example).  now you have one more device to adjust because they didn't want to include a remote...i haven't noticed signal degradation, though i haven't used it much yet.  over all i'm pretty disappointed because what i got doesn't match the description very closely. i should have done more research...though i
poor picture quality.i was not impressed at all.  i have more components than jacks on my television, so i eagerly awaited the arrival of this switcher.  after following the directions and installing the unit, i noticed severe degradation in video signal.  it is now sitting somewhere in my closet
youch!  i must have big ears.actually, i had never given any thought at all to the size of my ears -- until, that is, i got these headphones.  and the big headache that goes along with them when i use them...the earpads are simply too small and the head band too tight for comfort.  no luck when i tried bending the band to enlarge it...the noise-reduction switch does seem to work well -- otherwise, these headphones would have rated one star...i've now bought a different brand. i cannot recommend these
brittle.i have had these 6 months, and they have broken already.  the folding portion is poorly constructed.  they were under normal usage conditions, i hardly folded them.  cheap.  bad news
i'm tired of wrestling with the earpads.i'm in general agreement with other reviews, with one major addition...comfort is not exceptional. i've used these on a transatlantic flight, and i could only stand to wear them about four hours. my ears became too sore after that. i had some seinheisers before that did not have that problem...sound quality is marginal, but it's about what i'd expect from noise cancellation headphones in this price range. ditto for the noise cancellation. the set folds up pretty well, but not nearly as nicely as expensive sets such as bose...in short, there are no outstanding reasons to buy this set. but there's one reason that makes wish i had not. i'm tired of putting those silly ear pads back on...the first one fell off the third or fourth time i used the headphones. i worked hard to try and get it back on exactly right. then the other side fell off shortly thereafter. now they both fall off with regularity. i'm way past trying to get them back on with the edges property tucked in because it's not worth the fifteen minutes it takes every time. now i just slip them on, and know that they'll fall off again in two or three wearings...i'm thinking of super-gluing those pesky suckers on. i think that's the only way they might stay for a while
disappointed in the sound quality.first of all, let me start off by saying that i am a sound technician. i work the sound board for bands, events, and the like. sound quality is all i ever look for in a headphone and, oftentimes, i get disappointed, as i did here...i purchased these because i was looking for a set with both passive and active noise cancelling, which this does. for reference, passive is when it covers your entire ear. and, as noise cancelling goes, the philips hn110 isn't bad. it surrounds your entire ear and, while playing music, i could not hear my father when he spoke to me. that was the idea. however, the active noise cancelling is traditionally weak. i say traditionally because most active noise cancelling headphones can only block out so much (mostly in low frequency ranges). ..what really disappointed me about this set was the quality of the sound. i read another review where they picked up a defective set where the singing ranges were not working, so it could be possible that this set has a similar issue about ranges. keep that in mind. i purchased this set to play on a mp3 player (a creative zen nano plus). when i began to listen to songs i knew very well, however, the bass was weak and everything was very flat sounding. even stranger than that, i turned on the active sound cancelling and the sound improved somewhat to a tolerable level (but still not good enough). ..i am actually befuddled on how this worked out. it is a pain in the butt to find out the input impedence on these suckers, which, according the website, is 25 ohms. for those who don't know, that is somewhat of a measurement of how much power the phones need to produce their full range of sound. 25 ohms is not a lot. now, i understand that my mp3 player is not high powered, but the pair i used previously (jvc nc100) had an impedence of 64 ohms and the full range of sound at full levels was present on that same mp3 player. ..i am taking a wild guess in that this pair of headphones is listing the lowest needed impedence for any level to come out, as opposed to good levels. i intend to return these because of sound quality. for anyone that knows little about quality headphones and wants noise cancelling, good quality, and some semblence of affordability, i would recommend moving over to companies like jvc, koss, or sennheiser. those three tend to stand up to professional reviewers well and i've been using jvc and koss all my life. i intend to go back there
bad product.these ear phones are very defective. they broke into 3 parts in 4 months. do not buy it
waste of money!!.dont buy and i had tough time in adjusting the ear piece as it falls out every time you hang it over the ear.
awful awful, not the first time sony product dies.i used this product, maybe 5 times, and it completely died 13 months after i purchased it. it was stored in 1 place the entire time, never moved, never dropped, never abused. and it dies. i then attempt to take advantage of the visa "double your warranty" extended warranty coverage, only to be told that because i used my online "amazon' gift certificate to pay for a portion of this product, that this excludes the extended warranty. so i toss out a brand new looking sony product. .thank you sony. i will never buy another sony product agai
horrible sound.i bought this tv mostly due to its slim wall mountable profile.  i expected it to act fine on its own as tv.  however, the sound is absolutely horrible... like the tv is inside a tin can.  i want the sleek appearance of an lcd... without ugly computer speakers hanging off the side.  caveat emptor... they might as well call this one an lcd monitor with built in non-hd tuner
netgear warranties not being honored!.i purchased a netgear jfs516 16 port switch in may 2003. it came with a 2 year warranty. in february 2005 i smelled smoked. the switch burned out. contacted netgear warranty support only to learn i need an rma number to return the switch. but i can't get an rma number because netgear runs an automated phone system that routes you to a disconnected number. after two months of trying and sending email messages to their customer support department the problem remains. after 90 days forget about any netgear product warranty
a cheap piece of junk.i bought this thing and it worked great for about three months. yeah it sounds nice and all that but now it doesn't power up at all. i tried just the batteries-nothing. i tried the power cord-still nothing. i tried taking it back to target, nothing. altec lansing customer service wasn't helpful. in the trash it went after i took a baseball bat to it. i need something that works and this did for awhile but it was manufactured horribly and is cheap plastic. i went with jbl and am very satisfied with that.
totally disappointed.i bought these speakers after doing an extensive research on thousands of options for mi ipod, and unfortunately ended up buying the worst! the "universal" adaptor is so universal that does not work with any kind of plug. the only way the speakers will work is if you use batteries. the sound is not good at all for the price i paid for them...i have the jbl stage ones and are way far better for a good value
does not last long.i bought this amp with my headset back in march 2005 and already it stops working.  there is no tone coming through the headset and i am really disappointed with the quality of this unit.  i'll try to get plantronic to take a look, but who really needs the hassle?  granted it is used daily in a office environment, but at the price this unit costs, i expect it to work properly in such setting.  instead, it is just another piece of cheap electronic
picture freezes randomly.very disappointed with this product.  the tv freezes unexpectly from the very first day i brought it.  happens at least once a day since.  only way to unfreeze is to pull the power cord.  controls (remote and on the set) become unresponsive when the freeze occurs.  requested amazon to take the tv back
poor quality, poor service.i bought a sharp lcd tv from j r in new york last jan, after a year and half, when powering on the tv, sometimes works, sometimes not. after unplug in, wait for a while and plug back, worked for a couple months. send it to service center to checkup, was told that the lcd control board needs to be replaced. when request to get back the replaced lcd control board, was told that sharp does not give back the replaced board, it has to be shipped back, otherwise, you have to pay additional fee to get back the replaced board.. it's rather strange to hear such a lousy policy from any vendor....but, if you do want to get a sharp, better get a long long warranty..
we would not buy a sharp aquos tv again!.we purchased a sharp aquos 26" tv (model lc-26ga4u) in the fall of 2004.  ever since we purchased it, it has had a very annoying clicking sound when it is on, and even for a few minutes after it is turned off.  we have taken the tv to two different sharp approved repair shops and they have not been able to fix the problem.  we have contacted sharp twice recently, and have not heard back from them.  we are very disappointed in our tv and would not buy another sharp again!
caveat emptor--not such a great deal so far.i ordered and recieved the sharp aquos 26" lcd-tv.  the reviews were highly positive so i thought that it was worth the risk of buying such an expensive product online.  after setting up the tv i noticed a thin red vertical line on the left side of the lcd panel, at first unobtrusive but then more and more noticeable.  i called sharp and they referred me to a local tech repair store to have the tv looked at.  when i called the repair store i was told that they did not know how to repair the brand new set, and that they had emailed sharp for instructions.  the t.v. was delivered four days ago to my home; two days later it was in the shop; and now it will remain there until next week at the very least, i have been told.  not such a great deal after all.
50 minutes, 52 seconds on hold.i was on hold 50 minutes, 52 seconds before anybody answered.  i heard "your call is important to us" at least 100 times, which wasn't very convincing
bobw.warning! don't make the same mistake as i!..do not purchase this product if you utilize a higher level encryption (like wpa)! this adapter will only support wep, and it's very misleading on the box! in fact, it doesn't even mention anything about encryption, but that if "your setup's a little different - just configure your network settings through your pc's web browser, plug it into your game box, and go."..hah! after spending an hour on the phone with tech support, i found out that their developers are "working" on releasing a firmware that will support wpa, but until then, i'll have to use wep encryption, which is so 1990s (and this product was released in 2004)! if you don't care about wireless encryption, then this product is for you, but you're just asking for neighbors to eavesdrop on you
wstsd obi 1.oh my where to begin? bought this product a few months ago for my ps2 and eventually xbox 360. initially i ran the setup cd, hooked up the unit to my ps2, nothing, wouldn't work. after hours fiddling with everything from the advanced setting menu of this component to the setting menues of my wireless router. i finally got it to work. .however, for the last 3 months for no apparent reason it stops working at least once a week. i am sure it is not my wireless router because my laptop located in the same room, with a wireless pcmcia card connects just fine. typically when the unit stops working, i run through the advanced setup, ensure that all the settings are in order, reneter and save them, and it works again. today i fired up my xbox 360 and once again the unit doesn't work. tried to reenter info to no avail. now for some reason i can't even locate the bloddy thing!!! the startup cd can't locate the device and the ip address used to access the system settings can't seem to locate it either even though it is plugged in to my router!!!. .i also tend to agree with most of the reviewers, the instructions where not helpful in the least..this is truely a piece of junk, save yourself the hassle and get something else
not 100 percent xbox 360 compatible.i bought this because i have a house full of linksys equipment and i figured this would make installation and setup a breeze.  my wireless router is the wrt54gx2, with 4 wired ports to go with the wireless.  the setup and install of the game adapter was no problem, even with wpa encryption...to make a long story short(er), both my xbox and xbox 360 worked great with xbox live ... and then i could not get xbox live on the xbox 360 to work with xbox games.  xbox live kept insisting that i needed an update, yet the update would always hang.  after 3 calls to microsoft (and about 4 hours of tech support) a support supervisor told me that this adapter is not on the compatible list, but is also not on the incompatible list.  (notice how the product description does not mention xbox 360.)  anyway, once i moved the tv and xbox 360 across the basement and was able to use a wired ethernet connection, the update completed and i was back on to xbox live with halo 2...for me, this game adapter was not 100% compatible with the xbox 360 and xbox live.  i could play on line fine, but updates and free downloads did not work.  i'm now deciding whether to run a 70 foot ethernet line to my xbox 360 or go with the microsoft wireless game adapter.
please please please help!!!!!!!!!!!!!.i cannot get this to connect to the playstation....after i attempt to connect online with my playstation, i get a prompt saying:.."there was a time out while attempting to connect to the network. please check your network connections"..wtf??? i've spoken with about 8 linksys tech people (no, i'm not kidding, it's been at least 8) and they all walk me through the same process.....same end result - it won't work!!!..i'm currently on my third linksys gaming adapter....they can't all be defective like the tech support people say. ..i don't get it...and with all the time i've spent, i don't wanna give up....3 trips to best buy now and probably the better part of 12 hours on the phone to friggin new dehli......i can be reached via email at: cp0861@yahoo.com..i'll offer a small reward if anyone gets me online....ps2 or xbox game of your choice shipped to you. i'm that determined...
horrible.this is the first product i have ever felt a need to review..it works, for a few hours, or a few days, maybe even a week..then it quits working.  restarting doesn't help.  disconnect, drag back to your computer, run the setup utility, put everything back together, eventually it will work again.  for a little while...absolutely horrible experience, simply amazingly bad.  ..additionally, setup directions are tremendously lacking, it picks ips that won't work on the network it is used on, and make no mention of what you need to change or why.  ..i have tried it with two different wireless routers, both of which my laptop could consistently connect to without problem, so it is definitely this "gaming adapter"...save yourself the frustration, buy a different product
frustrating product..i haven't seen a review yet that really compared options among various wireless adapters so i thought i'd give it a try..i live in an apartment complex with concrete walls that barely allow for a cell phone signal.  the little bit i use the internet i didn't want to pay 60$/month so i bought a linksys wusb54g wireless-g usb adapter, netgear wg511 wireless 802.11g pc card, and a hawking wireless g usb network adapter w. hi gain 6db antenna basically just to make sure i got one that would work.  .the worst of the 3 was the linksys usb adapter.  it could pick up weaker signals without having to balance the laptop at a weird angle out the window, but the software which runs it doesn't like weak signals so anything under 50% keeps the thing scanning even after you're connected. which means constant disconnects unless you manually stop the scanner while connected.  even then, it had a frustrating habit of losing the connection. ..the netgear card was much better at holding a signal, although it did require a balancing act and careful angling to get the signal.  the software was great.  the biggest complaint i had with this is i was dealing with really low signals which slow the internet to a crawl.  it would take a few minutes to load yahoo.  with better signals the card would be great...the hawking usb adapter is by far the best of the bunch.  i'm picking up signals i never saw with the other two, and they are coming in with decent percentages. the software couldn't be better.  connection doesn't take minutes like the other two, and the radar dish antenna can be pointed for better signal gain.  i haven't had a connection loss once using it, and the internet is running at better than dial up speed (i'm connecting to a 23% signal).  .overall, i'd pick the netgear card for travel with a laptop due to it's size and portability, but for home use the hawking usb adapter was head and shoulders above the others
entertainment dock great, remote control not so great.physically, the remote control is not of the same quality as the dock.  it has three buttons at the top and a simulated ipod selection wheel below them that is actually 5 discreet membrane type buttons under a disc.  the range is about 20ft and even close to the dock the buttons "miss".  i'm not sure if the problems are purely related to the transmitter/receiver pair or poor quality buttons or both.  it is unfortunate as the base and cabling that came with it are of the same solid durable feel as an ipod.  the remote alone is what dragged my rating down to a 1
a little known fact for the dock 500, that will ruin your ipod..this is a fantastic dock in features, but a little known fact about the kensington dock 500 is that it continuously charges your ipod whether the battery is full or not. the problem with this is that it will eventually ruin the battery in your ipod, giving you decreased runtime and eventually killing it altogether. this is why high end battery chargers stop charging when batteries are full. kensington actually admits to the continuous charging on their website in the faq section. i found this out from the staff at a genius bar in an apple store after i purchased the kensington dock. luckily i was still able to return mine and get a dock by a different company that stops charging when the battery is full. .i would recommend the belkin tunecommand or the keyspan av dock. both of these units are basically identical to the dock 500; except that they both stop charging when the battery is full. ohh, and they cost less too.
not for lefties.i'm sure this mouse would be great if you are right-handed, but not for lefties. for one, the mouse does not support left-handed capabilities. you can't even swap the click buttons. left-handed people should stay away from this mouse. is it too much to ask for mice that support left-handers and have some extra buttons like the right-handers have
canon is the best choice inkjet product but the shipping is more costly than the item itself from this seller..great inkjet product; but, i didn't realize that the shipping was more than the cost of the item.  the inkjet cartridges by canon are the best; but, beware of the shipping.  wait for the free super saver shipping or for the shipping costs to come down
way too bulky.(...) ... however, the picture is misleading, this thing is way too thick and bulky for a cd case. the binding is like 4 inches big of stiff cardboard, making it inconvenient to travel with or put anywhere, it would ahve gotten one star except that it was so cheap, myabe im overexaggerating on the importance of size but to me, thats an important part of any cd cas
don't fit.i love the design and light-weight feel of these earbuds.  i can't even tell that i'm wearing them..unfortunately, the buds themselves are too large for my ear canals.  instead of going in my ear, they just rest on against my ear canal.  so, i'm not getting the full effect of the bass and volume.  since i've always worn earbuds and never had this problem before, i think it's a design flaw..i'd only recommend these to people who don't listen to loud music
barely worth the price (and i got them for free).okay, i have to admit -- i really have nothing to gripe about. i got a set of these for free with my rio mp3 player. as you'd expect of the "standard equipment" that you get for free, they're junk. the sound is tolerable, but they're incredibly flimsy and no amount of squashing, stretching, twisting, or other manipulation could get them to stay in my ears if i was doing anything more active than sitting at my computer. you can simulate this effect by buying some twizzlers at the store, wrapping them around your ears, and seeing how well they stay put. the soft rubber of these earpieces is very close to the same consistency...but really, would you expect anything more from a pair of $4 headphones? probably not. the one thing i would recommend them for, based on their price, would be wearing them in situations where you want a cheap but usable pair, if you were concerned about them getting damaged or lost
printer cartridges? what printer cartridges?.i received a printer refill kit. no cartridges were sent. i wanted the cartridges not the refill kit. and i ordered two of them!!
970cse.we use an hp 970cse.   the black and white works ok, but the color doesn't come out well in the 970cse.  so we replaced it with an epson stylus c84 and are much happier.   also, the hp 970cse printed really slooowwwww in color....we tried all sorts of options to no avail
beware!.be careful with this product. there are a number of problems present in the current model of the 30" acd. ..the most notable one is the famous 'pixel-dancing' or flickering problem. you can read all about it in the following apple discussion thread:..[...]..scroll down to the end and you'll see that this problem is still very much present in these displays...i'm now going for my second replacement since i purchased the original display, and i hope i get a decent display this time. it seems to be a hit or miss situation, i'm afraid...despite this, however, if you do receive one of the good displays, you'll absolutely love it. just make sure you buy it from somewhere you can obtain a replacement and, in the worst of cases, a refund
useless; cannot tap screen through the protector!.once you get past the high price for a single screen protector (which comes over-packaged and is difficult to unpack and apply), you will discover that this ill-fitting screen protector prevents you from tapping the screen on your cingular 8125.  i just got an 8125 and ordered several boxwave accessories; i am very displeased with all of them and will never buy a boxwave product again.  don't waste your money
don't buy this product.i was at the golf show a few years ago when this first came out, and i thought, what a wonderful idea.  i was going to buy one, then i got a chance to play with a guy who had one, and i had my rangefinder.  the skycaddy, was always off 5-10 yards, didn't even lock in until the 5th hole, and was a complete waste of time.  my friend is so po'd about it, he was a babbling idiot, he can't get hold of the service people, can't get it to operate, etc, etc....i hear that several pro shops around the country are dropping them, because their members are so upset after buying one from them...i just bought a new nikon 500, and its a dream, small and extremely accurate....too bad skycaddy blew this product, i'm sure someone will come out with a better mouse trap, color, etc, but the reputation of gps because of skycaddy will hurt them
skycaddie vs bushnell laser range finder.hands down the bushnell laser products are much more accurate, quicker, and dependable.  i didn't mind the price of the sky golf product or the subscription fee, but the accuracy is sometimes off 5-10 yards which is totally unacceptable.  i plan on either selling mine or storing it until they upgrade the software to improve the accuracy.  if you are an avid golfer looking for a dependable product which is fun to use, this definately is not it.  save your money and step off your own distance or use something else.  golf is frustrating enough without wasting your money on this
skygolf support is terrible, save your money.i was an early purchaser of the skycaddie.  i thought it worked just "okay" until my buddie bought one (after playing a round with mine)and, standing side by side with our two skycaddies, his satelite reception was 4 bars vs my 1 bar, and his yardages was always 5 or 6 yards different then mine.  upon calling skygolf, they said it must be my firmware that needed updating.  well, it's been two weeks after they received my unit and still no status on when i'm getting it back..  save your money, buy a bushnell laser yardage finder.  it's simpler, more reliable and more accurate..update:  the good news:  i got my unit back.  the bad news:  it does not work any better.  i'm sticking w/my bushnell laser finder
do not buy this piece of junk!!!.i got this pos for christmas because i was excited by the ad, the concept, and natalie gulbis.  it' a neat idea and i love gadgets.  upon removing it from the box it looks and feels cheap, like a happy meal toy cell phone.  cheap plastic and a poor lcd screen.  if that were it, i could live with it, but i can not get this thing to connect to the website to down load the necessary software.  i have been trying all day, from different computers, and still nothing.  i call the support number, sit on hold for about fifteen minutes and then it just hangs up on you.  this is a fairly expensive toy.  you would think skygolf would spens a little less money on advertising and a little more on r d.  this thing is junk.  stick with a bushnell 1500 pinseeker instead.  traditional rangefinder, but it works great.  nothing to crash, no support needed, and it works!!!  i am sending this expensive piece of junk back first t hing tomorrow.  the sad thing is, skygolf is destroying its image and reputation.  if they had put a little more effort into their development, and actually had someone there to answer the phones, this could have been a really nead golf tool that people wouldn't mind paying for.  the annual $20 membership fee is no problem, if it works.  right now, i wouldn't pay $20 for the unit its self, let alone the membership.  don't waste your money on this... well, i was going to call it an expensive paper weight, but it wouldn't even work for that... it weighs about as much as a sheet of card stock.
your money is better spent elsewhere.like most have pointed out, it's a digital signal and there's no need for all the gas-injected, gold plated, shielded stuff monster cables hype.  for analog signals this stuff absolutely makes a difference because analog cables are highly affected by outside em interference...some people have pointed out that monster cables are more durable.  so yes, if you plan on swinging around on your cables it might matter.  if, like most people, you plug the stuff in behind your equipment then leave it be for months and months, don't waste your money
dont waste your money.a $10 cable does the same thing.  do not believe the hype.  monster is overpriced and people are starting to realize it.  its digital, 1s and 0s.  either it reads it or it doesnt.
way too expensive.this is nothing more than a vga cable with different plugs. it is a rip off. gold plated connectors or not. use your compenent connections for near same quality image for one tenth the cost
look elsewhere.i think an extended service plan is a good idea for small digital cameras, but get it from the manufacturer. new plans are practically useless, and i learned it is going to take eight weeks for a refund
warranty.i have written and talked to people about this warranty.  i asked that it be cancelled and never received anything in the mail concerning this warranty but was still charged for it.  the camera was purchased on 9/11/06.  i would like my refund of $29.99 as soon as possible since i have never received any paperwork on this warranty and had asked that it be cancelled long ago.
where's my contract?.haven't used this product and to date, haven't received a copy of the service plan agreement....
payed for never got.payed for extended serevice plan and never got a thing in the mail letting me know the plan.....
extended warrentee.after reading the tearms of the contract and comparing them to the factory warrentee i found the service plan contract was vertully usless and canceled i
don't waste your money!.i bought a mini-disc player. after 4 months it needed repair and i called n.e.w and they told me that since it was within the first year i had to send it to sony to get repaired.  weeks later and alot of disappointment. the new service plan company will not pay my labor charges after they told me to send it to sony.  now they say i should have sent it to them for replacement.  hey, i was only following directions and got screwed. and got stuck with the labor charges.  make sure you don't fall for the same game.  insist on sending it to them according to their plan
big rip off.the web page says it covers everything but when you read the "terms and conditions" it only covers manufacurer defects i called the new customer service and asked why and they hung up on me.  tried to report it to amazon but they did not seem too interested.  i would not touch these warrentys with a ten foot pole !!
poor  design.the belkin tunebase is designed to last exactly one week. the swivel at the ipod end broke almost immediately. there are many other better choices on the market. very disappointing for a company like belkin
save your money peeps.this item is flawed to hell..i even returned the first purchase thinking it was faulty, but alas no. the replcement was just as dissapointing..the adapter returns your pc to sub standard dial up connection speed.. i have pc in attic and hub downstairs and believe me this product just doesnt work...invest in 50ft of ethernet, cable its cheaper, i admit it's a little more unsightly hanging cable down the stairs but what the h*ll the cable works and this doesn't!..save your cas
should be more sturdy.the audio outfitters earpod does what it claims to do, and does it well; however, the earpod's lid came apart from the earpod within six months (i uploaded a picture to show what i'm talking about.) the earpod is not broken -- it is easily put back together but comes apart even more easily, so it is no longer suitable for jogging. i still use it to protect my earphones when i travel (and in this capacity it works well) but not when i'm wearing them
not as good as my sony earbuds and twice the price.i am somewhat disappointed.  the base response is less than i had hoped for, and these earbuds don't go very loud.  perhaps i should have bought the er-6i.  i run long distance and i listen to rock like led zepplin, and i had thought these would be better than the sony's i have - wrong.  i did note that the high end is very precise.  i suppose if you are into classical these these buds are for you
don't do it.i wholeheartedly agree with d.kraft. these are horrible. there is absolutely no bass, and i mean no bass at all. i thought there was something wrong with my sandisk so i plugged in the oems but they worked fine. tried the foam inserts and they didn't help a bit. i already had the eq set up for maximum bass. i never minded the sound quality of the earbuds that came with the unit, was just bothered by the wind noise while cycling, so was looking for something quieter but with better overall response so i could enjoy the music at a lower volume and still be happy. these are not the answer, i can assure you. i don't know what the reviewer at the top spotlight review was using before these but they must have been pretty awful. or he works for etymotic. personally, i think his review is "hogwash". but that's just my personal experience. you may take it for what it's worth, i suppose
worst phone i have purchased.purchased this phone in august, base and one extra phone. it is now november 16th and i have calls cut out with no notice repeatedly.  calls to customer service are not helpful.  i was once even told to make sure the cord from wall to phone was straight or that would cause the cordless to cut out and the customer service goes down from there.  the base phone is already not working and new batteries have not helped.  phone itself began getting hot!  i have never placed a review, but felt this was so bad that it needs to be known
whatever happened to att quality?.after two days the color display failed.  the display looked like an old film with vertical lines and no color.  ..the inability to share phone books also was a big drawback.  i think i would have tolerated that, if the display did not fail.  for the price, i expect quality and features.  not getting quality, is unacceptable at this price range.  i learned that att really don't make these phones, vtech does.  ..the handset on this and the base unit e5965c do not fit the face well.  ..consumer reports rated these phones high, but after using them for a week, i was really disappointed and returned the set for a refund...i am now considering the panasonic kx-tg5776s
brand new  not working.the handsets (two of them) i purchased would not charge.  apparently the batteries were faulty.  i did read this in other reviews as a problem, but wrongly i assumed it was just a fluke.  att seems to have a quality control problem.  i sent them back and purchased a motorola product which has worked wonderfully from the start.  i do not recommend the at t handsets nor the base phone that goes with it.  the base phone i ordered had a different model number on the phone itself than was on the outside box.  the inside model number was not the one i ordered.  again, quality control problems
not up to date.it is easy to load but the data is old and does not show accurate local information. it was too broad for my use
very imprecise, poor and obsolete software..very imprecise, poor and obsolete software. lack of trails, roads etc.. , could be even danger in the remote area to person who trust it. you will have some use but rather with  good paper topographic map.
nice design...   but the photo quality is strongly lacking.i was strongly considering buying this printer - until i saw my friend's prints she made with it...i'm usually a fan of hp but i really feel they took a step backwards with the photosmart series.  the only real drawback to this printer is the fact that it only uses a tri-color cartridge. yup, there is only cyan, magenta, and yellow.  no black!  the way this printer makes black (or shades of grey for that matter) is by combining all 3 colors to form a composite black...this causes the prints to seem washed out and lacking dark contrast (not to mention using a large amount of ink).  if you have any sort of darkness, shading, or greys in there, they will be represented poorly.  don't believe me? go to a local store, ask to see the examples, and compare it to other printers.
regional coding.i cannot recommend hp to anybody anymore. the company introduced regional coding, which means printer cartridges from one region cannot be used in another. for most this is probably not an issue, for those busily traveling around it is. also, it is an issue of principle, its bad enough for dvd, but printer cartridges? hp has introduced this rather secretely and if you don't read the box cover etc very carefully, you may not notice. the main issue is in europe. i got caught out. i bought a 3 catridges overseas - i could not use them on my hp printer. i asked for a refund, hp email support (us) was nice but ineffective. hp customer support (europe) was snotty and very rude. i think hp does not care about its customers and this cost me over us$75, almost 50% of my printer (my sixth and last hp). don't buy hp
buy the cheap ones!.using the component input on your tv can make a huge difference in picture quality, but the differentce between the lower priced monster cables and the most expensive monster cables in not noticeable. save yourself $50 and buy the cheap ones
i give it one too many stars!.this drive is very fast and convenient.  i liked mine and bought a second.  unfortunately, they were like mice, they moved quickly and died quickly, one at 2 months, the other at 3 months.  with respect to tech support for the drive, it was easier to find on-line complaints than on-line service.  but the price is cheap.  if all you need to do is transfer documents between computers, i imagine you could buy a dozen and at least 6 would still function after a year.  the company needs to learn some basic lessons about quality control.  but did i say they were cheap
worst customer service!.i returned the item and it took a long time to get the refund, which only happended after i submit a claim through amazon
degraded quality, no modem connection.i had looked at all the other reviews on this page and i had high hopes that it would replace my 4-way cable amplifier so when the power goes out (our power goes out once, sometimes twice around here per week!) i would have a battery backup and an internet connection to submit this since my voip requires cable. i was wrong. i had the monster splitter come in today and plugged it in. all of the sudden the coax-hooked-up tv in my bedroom was very, very fuzzy... the other big-screen tv downstairs and the tv in the other bedroom was messing up the picture and the cable modem couldn't even connect because of this. i went back to the cable amplifer and everything was back to normal. clear pictures on all three tv's, and cable modem finds a connection. and i've hooked it up tightly-- according to comcast, it's the monster splitter so i'm going to return it immediately. my advice is if you don't have a strong cable connection, don't use this splitter at all, because you'll just get a fuzzy  bad connection with it
splitter from cable company gave superior signal.much to my shock, this pricey splitter delivered a worse signal than the one supplied by my cable company.  the technician showed me why:  right on the front of this splitter is printed the loss outputs for each connection (-7.4db and -9.6db).  these losses are much higher than the splitter supplied by adelphia (-3.5db and -7db).  if you had good luck with this splitter, you may have a better signal coming into your house than i do.  for those of us with cable signals that leave something to be desired, i don't think this splitter delivers
bewar the c:13:01 error!.i had this memory stick for less than a month when it all of a sudden dumped all my photos while offering the c:13:01 memory stick error prompt. after much research i found that there were no solutions, so now the stick is dead and all of my important photos are lost to the wind
terrible quality.  doesn't work in all sd devices.lexar cards don't work in panasonic sd audio devices.  i couldn't understand why it wouldn't work since sd is supposed to be pretty standard.  i called panasonic and they said that lexar and kodak cards are so low in quality and slow to write that they won't work with the the sd audio format...no problems using other brands like sandisk, panasonic, kingmax, etc
gps 10 broke shortly after arriving  tech support busy.i wanted a gps to use on a road trip to arizona and ordered a gps 10 to use with a dell axim pda. got he gps 10 at end of april and used a couple of times. it worked as advertised. on the road trip to arizona i plugged it into the cigeratte lighter to charge the battery. the unit got so hot i could not hold it. after that the gps 10 would not come back on. ..i have been trying for 3 days to call garmin tech support and it is almost always busy. i did get thru once after holding for 45 minutes. after listening to the menu i selected the outdoor option and was on hold some more. finally someone answered the phone, said i was in the wrong que, tried to transfer me but we got disconnected. tried calling again and was busy...finally got on the web site and sent a message to tech support. after 36 hrs. i got a response that said send it back for repairs...recieved the new one and got the blue tooth to connect to my pda (dell axim 51v) but it would not connect to the garmin que software. another call to garmin (busy, hold, disconnect, busy again) after a week or so finally got thru to garmin. seems i needed a new unlock code since i changed units and the software is linked to the gps unit and they must match. once you get them all connected it works. but the next time you want to use it you must delete the bluetooth connection and go thru the bluetooth setup again. ..if you use it with microsoft streets the unit will connect and follow along with little effort. the only problem is that ms streets will only download a small area at a time to the pda. but it does work if you stay in the small area or load another map set...bottom line - i've had the system for 4 plus months and haven't got it to work properly in the whole time. wasn't a good use of a couple hundred bucks
doesn't really work with windows mobile 5....i've been using gps-10 deluxe with dell axim x51v for 2 months, every weekend. my wife is using it every weekday. the version of garmin que that came with the package was 2.5. i'm on 2.8 now. i would rate this combo 4, hoping garmin will eventually fix all these bugs and glitches with que software running on windows mobile 5. my wife rated it 0. so, average is 2. .she wants the thing to work perfect from the start, naive. she doesn't like all those win32 exceptions, 'no gps connected' messages, freezes (especially while que does routing and she's on the highway), bluetooth disappearance, soft and even hard resets, no-reply from garmin customer service, and this general feeling that the software has never been tested on wm5, and you are a "guinea pig" working for garmin doing qa on it
yeah they kinda suck.so i needed a replacement for my stock ipod ear buds and these appeared better.  found out that they are uncomfortable and don't stay in.  also if you're wearing a winter hat then they fall out.  the sound quality was nice but the impractical design makes them utterly useless. do more research before you buy this item
disapointed.i just purchased these headphone at walmart.  i am currently a music major, and needed some headphones for my metronome.  i picked up these, thinking i could get double the use out of them, using them with my met and my ipod.  well, i just came back from my first practice with them.  they were a bit uncomfortable, and got in the way a little bit.  sitting here i wanted to check out this "surround sound" attribute, as well as check the qaulity.  i plugged them in, and threw on some jazz.  these headphones were a wast of money.  my ipod headphones sound so much better than these.  philips over compinsated and put too much base in them, as for the high range, there is very little.  the sound has a very closed off sense to it.  i'll keep the headphones because all i'll be using them for is a click for when i practice, and i don't have the time to go out and return them.  do yourself a favor, stay away from these, try the sony's, they've been making decent earbuds for a some time now
these really, really suck..i am not one of those snobby audiophile people. i don't use all those silly terms and pretend i can hear some decreased audio quality at sound frequencies only my cat hears. but i do know crap when i hear it. so let's start off with the most basic function of these ear buds - to deliver decent quality sound to your ears. they fail at that. my crappy $[...] sony earbuds and the ones that came with my ipod both sound a lot better. (unfortunately for me, the dog chewed up both pairs, which is why i bought the philips buds to begin with.) and as for the "surround sound", well come on, you really didn't expect that for $15, did you? ..in fact my expectations for ear buds are pretty low. the only criteria they have to meet is a.) delivering sound to my ears that's decent and b.) staying comfortably in my ears. that's it. so how does philips screw something so simple up?..besides the sub-par sound quality, let's look at the other shortfalls:..-ear piece is horribly designed, period. this alone made these earbuds completely non-functional for me. they won't stay in your ears. i get the concept of "in-ear" headphones, but philips doesn't. the headphones fall out while you are standing perfectly still. the only time they somewhat stay in is when you spend about five minutes pulling your ear into various configurations to shove them farther in the ear canal - which makes them uncomfortable to wear. even then, a quick turn of the head in any direction and they are coming out. they were completely unusable for jogging, biking or pretty much anything. the biggest issue is that the earpiece is just way, way to big to accommodate a normal adult ear. (i'm female, but still, i don't have particularly small or delicate ears, just averaged-sized ones.) i got all excited when i saw a second set of earpieces in the case, and then i realized those were even bigger. doh. to give you an idea of how bad these are at staying in, i tried to wear them while riding my vespa - yeah i know, a bad idea to wear any kind of earphones while on a motorbike, but i digress. even wearing these with my *very snug* helmet over them, they still fell out! ..next: stupid features - wish they had spent more time worrying about function than form. philips spent too much time trying to design features to "wow" us, instead of actually making a simple product that functions well.  we are talking budget earbuds here, we don't want bells and whistles, we want something that just works...-the cord for one ear is longer than the other. the idea behind this is that you can put the long one around the back of your head and somehow this is better than the typical y-style headphone. i found it annoying and the entire length of cord felt too short . the only good thing i can see about this design is that it allows you to differentiate the right and left earbud by touch alone - which is nice when it's dark. but i mostly just found it annoying...-stupid case. i don't get the point of this case. unlike other ones, where there is a molded area to hold the earbuds, and then you wind the cord around the outside, this is just a stupid floppy piece of rubber over a plastic core. the holes you see in pictures are to hold the alternate earpieces, not the earbuds. you are supposed to wind the earbuds around the core too, so they get all tangled up. also, the packaging sucks. they knot the crap out of the cord. it seriously took me a good 15 minutes just to unknot the cord and get the stupid things off the spool. what purpose does that serve other than to annoy the crap out of people?..i was all set to return these, and of course, the dog destroyed them. you'd think i'd learn after three pairs? i am most likely going to replace these with the standard ipod earphones. the long cord on those seems a bit odd at first, but i've come to really like the extra length. and those actually stay in your ears
ruined a good workout.these are the worst headphones i have ever encountered. i would take the $5 kind that start to hurt your ears any day over these. the only way i could get them to stay in my ears was to stay still like a statue. i took them to work out and they kept falling out during my cardio. i looked like an idiot trying to stick them back in over and over until i finally gave up. i tried to talk to philips about this problem and the guy told me that maybe i should have bought headphones that are designed for "more active music listening". was he kidding? shouldn't headphones be able to withstand 30 minutes on an eliptical? i wasn't on a trampoline or anything. from some of the other reviews, it seems like they will work for some people's ears, but not for everyone. sadly, my husband and i both got a pair, so now we have double the disapointment. steer clear of this set and get something that doen't have such mixed reviews
the person who made this absolutely have the lowest iq on earth!!!.why make an ear bud if you can't get this out of the case? they should just wrap this ear bud in a wire in a case instead of this stupid circular case. i spent countless hours cutting it open just to get it out. when i did, it sounded terrible. one star because this doesn't allow me to rate a 0
nice print job but....hp "seems" to be the best. although, i hope some one can do better then what i have been getting. the print job has been fine and outright great, but ink problems after ink problems after ink problems. ..you wont get as much out of a cartridge as stated on the product plus refilling to save money is down right difficult do to built firmware. ..as soon as the product is taged as empty you are lost. the printer does not alow you to bypass firmware that states there is a problem ie empty. so refills are hard to make work. ..so all in all great ink, and print jobs are outstanding, but built in efferts to stop refilling should be considerd difficult for the budget minded.
bad color ink cartridge.this was the first time i had ever ordered a cartridge from this.this company. the cartridge had bad streaks, and left a horrible image of color ink on my clipart pictures and photo's. when i emailed this company they did not get back with me until days later. i have not received my replacement cartridge.
don't waste your money on this overpriced ripoff.speaking from real experience, don't waste your money buying this cable which makes absolutely no difference from a cabe you can find with half or less the price. i bought a few top of the line monster cables once i got the top of the line sony xbr960 hdtv. later on i switched cables around, with other brand, cheaper component cables such as philips pts1000 (the hdmi standard owner by the way), and also other hdmi cables (even no name brands coming with my dvd player). you know what? i see absolutely no difference even under close examination. the sony xbr960 produces the finest pitch you can find on any tv. you think about what that means. stop buying this ridiculously priced cables, and save your $$ and buy somethinfg else on your shopping list. digital is digital. don't let monster mislead you that their cables produce more 11010 ... than others.
ease of use.i cannot get the computer to recognize the speakers, cannot get any sound from them
interference!!.don't buy these speakers, despite the attractive price, if you plan on using a cell phone anywhere near them. the interference is soo horrible, it makes this painfully loud and anoying buzzing/popping noise because they are not properly shielded by cell phone interference. ..im mad that i got stuck with them but im going to buy a more expensive pair next time. definetly learned my lesson.
okay, but only lasted 1 week..i bought this wheel for 80 dollars at circuit city, and to tell the truth it was a waste of my money. it is very bulky and it barely fit on my desk, and the racing just isn't realistic in my opinion. after one week (i took very good care of it) it just broke, stopped working. i reccomend you spend your money on something else
nice price but poor lasting batter y performance..i bought this item for my digital camera. i was hoping to get away from conventional batteries. but these batteries only last a very short time without being recharged and even then do not last any time at all. i let them frain down all the way and let them recharge fully and still they do not last any length of time in a digital camera. they may last longer in any other thing that takes aa batteries but not as demanding as a camera with zoom and all. i haven't tried them on that. but i do not reccommend them for a digital camera with auto focus and zoom
this fax will self-destruct in one year.....aside from the horrible speaker, which reduces phone messages to nearly indecipherable gargling sounds, this fax appears to be pre-programmed to self-destruct within a year.  a few days after the warranty expired, our machine lost its ability to maintain a stable phone line connection (and the problem is not with the phone line).  furthermore, when we try to use it for copying it consistently fails with a "paper jam" error, even though there is nothing of the kind.  naturally, i'm really glad i bought the now worthless 1 year replacement package as well.  what a total waste of $140.  if you're in the market for a reliable fax, i'd look further than this fragile toy
horrible answer machine/great fax.if the answer machine feature isn't essential, the fax is great.  if you don't give a fig who is calling or care to hear messages, this is the machine for you.  you will never have to return a call agin because you won't be able to understand a single word of the digitally recorded message.  thank goodness for caller id -- it provides a tiny clue
garmin c330 adapter 010-10085-00 cigarette lighter.i have no idea why amazon recommends this for the c330 gps as it doesn't fit that model. i ordered it on amazons recommendation and decided it is too much trouble to send it back. they need to check out what works with what. be careful what they add as accessories as they may not work with the model you order
not compatible with c330..the website encourages you to purchase this part with your c330. this presents two big problems:..1. you don't need it!.2. it is not compatible with the c330!..somebody needs to fix this on the website
doesn't fit unit.it won't plug into my street pilot, as the plug is different.  i'm sure it fit some unit, but it's a door stop for me.  what units it fits should be better described or corrected
scratched my ipod.i currently have the 60 gb video ipod, and at first this product was working great for me. i did try to run with it but my ipod was to big, and the band didn't support it much so it wobbled a lot. the cover is what i am particularly upset about. the cover scratched my ipod up pretty bad from continuously taking it out and putting it back in to charge or update my ipod. i know it is the cover that scratched it, because i always keep my ipod in the cover and i also keep it in the isnug protective case (the one that is zipped up and has an extra netted compartment for the buds.)  i would not recommend this product to anyone, and i am currently looking for a new case to put my ipod in that has an opening at the bottom so i don't have to take my ipod out to charge it
has anyone had experience with this service plan?.does amazon back this plan in anyway?..has anyone bought this plan?..has anyone obtained service through this plan?..has anyone received a new item through the lemon policy?..has anyone had three service calls for the same problem without being offered the lemon policy
trimline phone.i purchased this telephone for my older mother due to the fact it had lighted key pad.  when i hooked it up for her needless to say the numbers were very dull where she still had a hard time seeing.  we packed the product up and put it in the closet
vertical mount.susposed to be capable of wall installation.  isn't.  handset will fall off if phone is more than one inch from upright
good phone if it's actually working.i have two. i was pleased with the first one for a year and a half, but now the ringer works only when it is in the mood to. i have tried reprogramming it and double-checked that the ringer is switched on. some days it just won't ring. the second one, i picked up a few weeks ago. it would be great if that one would allow me to dial the number nine, especially since the one number i want to be able to dial quickly from any phone is 9-1-1. i am not happy. also, sometimes when it's on touchtone, it will only dial via pulse, so when i tried to do telephone banking, i had to run to another phone. no amount of toggling back and forth will get it to switch over to touchtone. ..i was suspicious about the quality of this phone when i noticed the tricky marketing ploy:  the phone has the att logo - from the old american telephone  telegraph from which we could expect better quality, but at  t has licensed its logo out to "advanced american telephones." these "american" telephones are made in china likely under the sorts of working conditions that would explain the shoddiness. i miss the days of quality manufacturing...btw, when i went to request a return number from dynadirect (the company that ships this product), i was not pleased that the form  that needed to be filled out was not a secure form. it asked for way too much personal info not to be an https site. i can't return the phone since after a week i threw out the box only to then discover that i had not yet dialed a number that contained a nine in it
un-creative speakers.after reading all of the reviews on amazon, i decided to buy these speakers to go with my creative mp3 player (which i love by the way)  i have been very disappointed with this product.  the first thing i noticed after opening the box was that this product did not include an ac adapter.  how hard would that have been?  c'mon, creative!  so i was forced to use batteries.  i will say that the batteries last for several hours, but when the batteries get to be about half juiced the speakers automatically turn off if the volume is too loud.  very frustrating.  i will say that when the batteries are fresh, the speakers sound very good.  this product is a big tease.  lots of potential, but doesn't quite fit the bill
nice design, but bad response time.the anycom mouse is a very nice looking design and the docking charger works well, but it is driving me nuts with it's slow response time.  i end up having to click twice on almost everything.  it is as if the rate  that it's sending information to the computer is slow, so it doesn't sense a click unless you hold the button down for an extra moment.  fine if you work like that, but not if you're used to a regular mouse response...it is also pretty small.  great for travel, but my large hands get cramped up using it for extended periods
too narrow and no connection.i bought this mouse for use as an travel and desktop use mouse.  after a lot of searching around on the internet, i felt that the small size, nice red color (matches my laptop's protective case), had an on/off switch, and the ability to recharge while using it was what i wanted.  .immediately, i had problems with .1) slipping the battery cover off, very stubborn, and with no instructions other than "hold down the battery cover latch and remove cover."  no diagrams..2) constantly flashing lights on the charger while the mouse was on, even after leaving it to recharge for hours .3) absolutely no connectivity to my laptop, an ibook running panther with an internal bluetooth receiver (know that it works, used it before).  called support at anycom who suggested to hold down the "connect" button until the laptop found it, using the bluetooth device set up panel.  never connected whether charging or not..4) the mouse is just too narrow, the high slope of the sides cause my fingers to slip off, and i have to tense my hand to press the buttons.  maybe i just have long fingers on a narrow hand, but nonetheless, the ergonomics are horrible..5) no instructions on how to connect to a mac. i figured it out myself but would think that to advertise compatibility with macs would include instructions.  ..can't tell you how well the batteries work and if the charger gets in the way, haven't been using it other than flipping it over and pressing connect.  huge let down, will be returning it for a refund
"lost connection" horrid design, and disgusting response time!.between the constant dropped signals, the delay in waking up from "sleep mode" and the horrendous battery life, about 3 hrs... i'd give this piece of junk 0 stars, but the ratings end at one... i also know that it isn't my bluetooth adapter seeing as my wireless apple keyboard works like a charm... i hate this mouse! this is the second mouse that i have returned to amazon due to poor functionality...1. way to tiny, it slips out of my hand and causes major cramps...2. "power saving" mode sucks! it is dead in less then 3 hrs. also, it takes about 6 seconds to "wake up" so when i go to grab the mouse, it does not work...3. frequent lost connections are a real pain in the rear! for every ten minutes of use, i must re-pair the mouse to my computer. wow, even now as i write this review, the "lost signan" icon just flashed.. the mouse just stopped working! perfect example!..4. the bluetooth indicator light (on the adapter) blinks like crazy! its annoying!!!..5. lame quality and response! i know that wireless mice are prone to delays and such, but i compared this mouse with my friend's (apple) mouse. the apple mouse is 10000x better. i regret buying this poorly made contraption...as you can see, i am less then pleased with this mouse. i hope i didn't just get a lemon, but i am turned away from buying any future anycom product. hopefully amazon will accept the return seeing as i had to have it re ordered, (lost in the mail)... ugh, i hate this mouse!!! i wish they made a wireless mighty-mouse!!
does not retract.agree with the prior reviewers.  i can not get it to retract any longer and that was only after 3 uses!
sent wrong card.1 of canon powershot sd500 7mp digital elph camera with 3x optical zoom by canon [electronics]--i purchased this =camera--was advised to purchase the above card--(card was recommended to go with the camera on amazon website)--which i did--the card does not fit the sd500 camera--was a waste of money and tim
don't bother ordering.don't bother ordering this because amazon will cancel your order without notifying you they did...buy from newegg instead.  i won't stray from them again
so the rules don't apply to amazon?.i'm sure the product is great, but this review is more for the company... like everyone else, my order got cancelled. why? because they messed up! people called to confirm the price and they said it was correct. if something is mis-marked in a retail store, you get it for the price it's listed at! so why doesn't that law apply to amazon.com
watch out on white.i've done this a number of times... making "big brother" or "baby" t-shirts.  when using the hp paper, the white transfer backing stands out substantially against the white of the t-shirt.  the end effect is that of a 1970's "patch"...i had better luck when the paper had to be "reversed" and then transferred onto the t-shirt.
excited at the concept, disappointed at the result.easy to use and iron on.  looks great!!  but that is before you wash it.  if you intend to use more than once, forget it.  we followed directions perfectly and the shirt was still ruined
price to good to be true.i bought the hp 97 tri-color inkjet cartridge from ace digital club (adc) through the amazon web-site, i should have known better, if the sale price is to good to be true... it is! they charged me $16.00 + change for shipping/handeling... i will not make this mistake again. .darlene, kodiak, alask
worthless.you get what you pay for. you want cheap you will get cheap. my phone is echoey sounding. well, both of my cordless phones are. it picks up sound from all over my home and transmits it into the call on the line. the lcd features are ok- not impressive but plain old ok. the channel button does not do what it should do, at least not that well. the thing i like about this phone is the transfer feature, did i mention there is no page feature on the 2nd handse so once you phone is lost you will have to call you rown number to find it.
bad quality awful service- do not buy it.my phone is less than a year old the batteries went dead and not a single electronic store sales the replacement batteries .when i tried to buy them form att or to get info on where to get new batteries they just told me i have to buy a new phone..more over not only their customer support is well below decent but also  service representatives on the phone are rude and not considered and when i tried to pass my complains to her manager she just hung up on me..do not buy this product unless you want waste your time and money  and buy a new phone 6 month from now
great features but horrible voice quality.this phone has a lot of great features, but it is packaged with a horrible sound quality answering machine.  you and anyone calling you can all sound like they are using a computer to do their talking for them.  you will not be able to recognize the persons voice.  i tried this phone after having a uniden digital answering machine/phone for 10 years.  i returned the att phone 8 hours after buying it
i did not know what u3 was!.it let you work on the flash drive as an idependent drive, having your own session in any computer and is amazyng how mwnay programs theare are in the net to be daownloaded for this technolog
mechanical failure.this highly innovative contraption is a wonder to behold, and had problems staight out of the box. i inserted my memory card, loaded the paper tray, made sure every setting was right, and pressed the print button. the paper immediately popped out the back end. then, i spent the next three hours checking and rechecking the manual, doing everything right, and only got three prints. i strongly suggest that you find an alternative, since because of the mechanical design of this printer, i'm sure my problem is very common
do not buy.i am on my second product, having returned the first, and the device worked well for a couple of weeks before failing in the same way the first did -- lights flashing and customer service unsure how to reset the device. belkin's customer service seems to do their best, and returning products through amazon is easy, but the product is a dud.   ..i am using the device with a thinkpad and hp laserjet. a rather typical and simple set up.
warning:  does not work with apple computers of any kind.after wasting almost four hours trying to get this to work on two different apple os x computers, i finally gave up and waited three days over the holiday to contact belkin tech support.  i returned the product after belkin tech suppport confirmed that this product does not work with apple computers.  so, do not buy this product if you are trying to connect with any apple computers
no range.i love apple products, but this thing has no range. we can not use a wireless laptop 5 feet form the station. we are thinking of dumping this for a linksys. if we could get someone at linksys who knows how to use a mac
microphone worked for 2 weeks.......then i spent other 2 weeks to understand it was gone as my laptop has an inbuilt micro that was automatically activated...
extremely dissapointed.i just got this product today, just took it out of the package and i'm already unhappy. the sound quality is a joke. even the simple "click" sound when i open a page on a website sounds terrible. i can't get the microphone to work even though i know its not a problem with my computer. the headset i bought to replace this one with was about as broken as it could possibly be and the microphone on that one still worked. it doesn't make any sense that a brand new headset wouldn't work properly...i started to lose interest in sony a few years ago when my playstation 2 was stolen and i realised that i never enjoyed any of the game on it enough to buy a new one. since then, i've still respected sony's products as being of high quality... until now
please invest in some quality raw materials.......well, the remote functions are great, they are very convenient  i have become hooked.....however that said, they really decided to spare the expense  used crappy materials to put this product together. they fall apart for no apparent reason. i am now on my 3rd remote  it has barely been a year.... why can't they just sell the remote by its self, now i am stuck with 3 crappy pairs of what seems to be the most uncomfortable ear buds ever made...they reaalllllly need to fix this  come out with something new...
quality is not a factor here.i heard how tdk and verbatim were the cream of the crop, so i got these. while people are right that you don't get a lot of coasters the problem is that only a dvd drive on a computer is going to read them if burned at a decent speed. when burning at 6x (slowest setting on my 16x burner) my ps2,xbox, and three dvd players have had a very hard time reading from these discs. i bought some sony +r that are 1x-8x since they were cheap and at my local wal mart, they shame tdk. i've tried many of the cheaper brands such as hp, memorex, khypermedia,sony, and phillips (can't remember others now) and only memorex was worse than tdk. i will stick to sony and/or phillips; never a problem with sony and minimal with phillips
its ok, but i am sure there is something better.bought this to go with my zire 31.  the case fits well - although the cover itself is just a flap - no closure.  for carrying around in an outside pocket on my purse its ok. if it were just another piece of floatsam in my suitcase of a purse, i can't imagine it would do much good.  its a little difficult to get the stylus out of the back when the zire is in the case, but not impossible.  .the stylus is cool - a blackpen, an orange pen, a pencil and stylus all in one.  it took me a few minutes to figure out exactly how to switch from one to another - but i managed.  the screen protectors are ok - nothing spectacular.  don't follow the lines printed on the screen cover when you trim them to fit your pda - the lines for my zire 31 are a bit small.  .all in all, this is ok - but i think next time i will try to find a better case.  i would advise any pda noobs to buy the pda, take it with you to a store that sells cases and pick one out from there.
no no no!!!!!!!!.i bought this thinking it was a "real" super audio cd player, boy was i wrong!!! the only difference between this player's reading of the sacd and cd layer is that the sacd area allows more information than the cd layer, otherwise this player gives you no real difference in sound between the two. it took me a long time to realize i was fooling myself into thinking that i was really enjoying sam cooke's "portrait of a legend" sacd the way it was supposed to be heard. i have been doing a lot of research and found out a player has to have 24bit/192khz dac capability to even begin to enjoy the sacd layer and this player does not use that method to produce playback of sacd.(if you're on a budget make sure you look for that in the techinal analysis) once again this is not for anyone who wants to hear the true beauty of sacd. i am now about to purchase the marantz sa8260 sacd player. it has gotten great reviews and was rated "class a recommended" in stereophile magazine.
bad mouse.this mouse is very bad. it jumps quite often while moving. i have reinstalled the software twice but the problem is still there. when jumping is happening, it may do nothing, may close a window, or may delete data. the outcome depends on the application function. after i changed to logictech lx7 mouse, the problem is gone.
the worst.this is the worst mouse i have ever used! i use it with wow on a wintel and it's horrible. i have a kensington mouse i use on my emac that was about the same price and it is much better
piece of junk!.have this usb card for some time now.  this has crashed 3 of my machines and took me a few weeks to determine it was this card causing the issue.  it does not play well with xp service pack 2.  i don't have time to mess with uninstalling service pack 2 and windows update.  ..i works for a few weeks and 'pow', your staring at a blue screen of death! ..trashing it and buying something else...beware!  if you are not a systems admin or a computer guru, don't bother.
piece of junk..haven't had it that long and it simply died one day.  it went from running one moment to dead with no external events as possible causes.  ..personally, wouldn't buy another product from d-link since i've heard wayyyyyyy to many complaints about their products and drivers
beware centrino owners.i bought this to connect my notebook to my di-624 at 108mbps...it worked well enough and i didn't have any of the driver installation issues other reviewers have mentioned...however the d-link drivers interfere with the intel wireless drivers on centrino notebooks - my internal wireless card stopped working and after i got d-link customer support to acknowledge there was a problem, the only solution they could offer was to re-install windows. thanks guys...also, i've recently upgraded to a di-634 router and i can no longer connect at 108mbps if i have any kind of encryption turned on. this is probably a propblem with the router, but its worth knowing
non-washable plastic transfer.this basically glues a plastic sheet to your shirt with your design printed on the plastic.  wearing it feels like you might imagine it would, and it doesn't survive washing very well, even if you wash it by hand very gently.  the directions tell you to iron it for much longer than it can handle.  if you do as you're told, you'll burn it
color display problem and electronic hum.this tv has the color display problem, there is an abnormal spot of red color on the lower left corner of the tv and an abnormal spot of green color on the lower right corner of the tv. i discovered it when i connect it to my dvd player, where dvd player itself has no problem. it supposes to show me a blue screen with dvd player's brand name on it, but it showed me these two additional abnormal color spot, which is so annoying. especially when i watch movie with subtitle of white color on left right and all subtitle on the right side changed to light green color...also there is electronic hum when i turn on the tv, but it's not really a big deals. ..it might be just this one has such problem, so i returned it as a defective unit.
no worth.initially i felt good, but in a week or so the mike was not working properly. i need to play with it to make it to wor
save your money.i wasn't sure what i was thinking when i bought these headphones??? maybe being a bose product, i expected an out of body experience or something but that never happened. $300!!! they're not worth that money unless you get excited over a nice fancy case and a few adapters! i've tried many headphones that are much less in cost and some of them are just as good as the bose. plus, whoever needed a battery for headphones to work? i find myself forgetting to turn it off and if you don't it will just stay on and when the battery is low, you get all kind of crackling and the power shuts off and on!.don't get me wrong, with a fresh battery, they do sound very good but they are not worth $300!.so, save your money!!
overpriced, overrated, bleh..really muddy, overblown bass that swallows the rest of the sound. horrible headphones, especially given their price; i've literally found ten dollar headphones that sound much better than these. people who're used to crap, cheap headphones or stock earbuds will love them, but do yourself a favor and listen to some real headphones. if you want something that's closed and sound isolating with good bass response that doesn't destroy the mids and highs completely, do yourself a favor and go take a look at the akg k81dj. they can be had for a bit over a sixth the price of these awful things, and sound many times better. bose as a company is all about advertising and image, not quality; once you hear some real audio equipment, you'll know.
looks good but function nothing..this product does not improve anything for me. i cry for motorola's and amazon's name. don't sale it. don't be fooled by brand name and price that i learned
you may not need it.check with your credit card companies.  both american express and visa automatically double the manufacturer's warrantee at no cost if you use their card for the purchase!!  so if your manufacturer offers 1 year at no cost then you can get 2 years at no cost by using one of the participating credit card companies at the point of purchase...these warranties aren't very good on "lemons" and they always say that if the tv lasts 2 years it's probably going to last 5 years...
don't buy this tv!.i ordered this tv a few weeks ago. when it came, the tuner didn't work and it would not tune in to tv stations at all. amazon was real good about replacing it for another. when that one came, i took it out of the box and there was a completely different problem with that one! i could hear it just fine as it tuned in to different stations, but there was no picture at all! this one is going back too! what a waste of time and i am still without a tv in the room i was going to use this in because these small tvs are hard to find nowadays
it works.i put batteries in it to see if it worked.  it did.  it was cheap, for emergencies only, and that was what i wanted
if i could rate it a "0" i would...but 1 is the lowest choice!.i know that you can't expect much for under $20....and it was too good to be true.  first, the dials are hard to use....then the sound was terruble and the picture quality was poor...and on and on. i guess if you're in a 3rd world country , this would be a good buy....but my advice is, "don't even consider this set !" i sent it back as quickly as i could and felt stupid for even thinking that i could get a decent set with an am-fm radio for this price
difficult to set up.i have had a very frustrating and difficult time setting up this adaptor...still does not work.  many emails to linksys. they told me to start all over setting up my router .... when i have time i will try it again...the price was right ... but it needs to set up easily!
not good..it works okay sometimes, but there is a lot of static.  i'd go with another one.
disappointing.i purchased this for home use at my desk. the sound quality was fine while it worked, which ended up being about two months
works fine for a year then dies without warning.i've had this router for a little over a year and it's worked perfectly during that time. however, recently the internet (wan) port seems to have stopped working, and i can no longer access the internet either through wireless or through a wired connection. the wan indicator light is on and blinking, and the pc light on my cable modem is also on, showing that they recognize each other, but there is no internet traffic going through. i tried resetting the router, reverting back to factory settings, and upgrading the firmware, but no luck. i had to finally resort to hooking up my cable modem directly to my computer to use the internet. i haven't tried contacting tech support, but after calling them a couple years ago for another dlink router i had and spending close to two hours on the phone with them, i'll pass. time to toss this piece of junk in the trash.
it works, and then it doesn't....i purchased this router based on...sigh...the price.  they never sent me my rebate, so that was always a bit of a sore spot, but even worse was the performance.  now it did work.  sometimes.  but i'd have to come home and reset it all of the time, and it was especially temperamental in the mornings...  i do believe it was tied to power fluctuations (lightning, power outages, etc.) as written below, but it doesn't matter.  after less than one year, the unit simply doesn't work now, can't be hard reset, and really can't be used.  the moral of this story, is of course:  'you get what you pay for'
problems....problems........i bought this product, and had problems with it from beginning. i contacted technical support to get me a new one. they do not issue an rma number. they asked me to trouble shoot before they issue the rma number. i was asked to troubleshoot the product for 40 minutes, and after that......do you know what happens? the phone gets disconnected. i called again, repeated the process ...another 40 min of troubleshooting...again phone disconnects. third time, fortunately the phone got disconnected within 10 min......i guess the support person is going to issue the rma number, as i almost completed their troubleshooting process...their phone lines are too bad. their phone lines disconnect after 20-40 min (there might be an algorithm...??? who knows). this was one of the worst customer support i have ever seen. want to help yourself? do no buy this d-link product.
rather poor.really cheap router... saved me a lot of money.  however, i had to reset the router very often because it just quit working.  i had a few times where the power to my house would flicker in bad weather, and every single time the router just quit and wouldn't accept any new connections until it was reset.  all my other hardware, including my vonage linksys router, that was plugged into the same circuit protector didn't have a problem with the power flicker.  after having this router for three months, it went completely dead and wouldn't power on again when plugged in.  after my problems and what i've read other customers saying who have used this router, i'm not even worrying about sending it back
*pulls out handfuls of hair in frustration*.this has to be one of the dumber routers that i have worked with. first, the default ip address is 192.168.0.1, an address that conflicts with many dsl modems. several times, my internet connection would go down, and i could not access my dsl modem through the router, even though all was properly connected. i would have to plug my computer directly into the modem, and then into the router to get the connection working again. many times when this happened, i could not even access the router by typing in the ip address! sometimes i would be able to access the "home page" but not any other pages. just recently, the router has been randomly disconnecting for a few seconds, messing up skype calls and cancelling uploads in process. there are only two possible user names: admin and user, a potential security flaw. why is this labeled a "high speed" router? there are many gigabit routers around, and 108mbps+ routers exist, so this is "average speed" at best. the "firewall" is just an afterthougt so dlink could put something else on the box; it does not compare to say, that of a linksys besfr51...so with this router down (i am currently plugged directly into the dsl modem), my search goes on for a router that will simply work without complaining
last d-link.had the 514 b router that worked great. tried the 524 and had nothing but trouble. had to send the first one back. they said they had a bunch of bad chips. the second 524 worked for a couple months and then refused to keep a connection. finally bought a cheap belkin and no more problems. the 524 goes in the junk heap. not recommended
going to get a linksys router....my biggest qualm is that since i upgraded the firmware to my di-524 at the d-link website, i have experienced random restarts from this router.  additionally, it requires a reset everytime you make a change to its configuration.  this is extremely annoying, especially having had a router that never had to do that (linksys wrt54g.)  i normally used this di-524 in case i needed wireless from the lan in a hotel. i had to pull this router out since i hosed my linksys from being too inquisitive with third party firmwares.  d-link has truly shown me how much i'm missing from my linksys wrt54g and so with that, i'm going to grab another linksys router.  some of you may not even care about the firmware factor, but if you do like to keep your routers up to date, and you're an advanced user, please don't buy this.  save your money and get a linksys
motorola 2 way radios.i originally had a problem with the charger unit.  i got a quick response from amazon.  they sent another motorola unit out to me.  this unit works great, i have been pleased with the customer service from amazon.  i also have been pleased with my purchase order.  it has better range and more features then the old motorola radios i used to have, plus the price was right!  it's everything i expected. .joh
good design, poor reliability.i bought 3 of these from amazon.com, as i like the design and sound quality.  unfortunately the build quality is poor.  on one of the units, if i anwer an incoming call, i get a dial tone and the call is cut off.  one of the other units, i get intermittant disconnects.  one, however, works fine
stay away.we had a dcs-900 for several years.  other than the occasional re-boot never had an issue.  this was the replacement.  right away we never could get 33 of 36 computers to be able to access it (all 36 worked fine with the dcs-900).  technical support was a joke, "lower the security on the computers and remove the old activex object installed by the dcs-900".  turning off security didn't help (like we were going to do that for any length of time).  we couldn't find and they couldn't say what the activex object was we were supposed to be deleting (nice job, most reputable companies sign their objects).  now the thing has gone totally toes up after just a couple of weeks.  guess what, d-link says no returns under any circumstances, deal with your vendor.  if we can't get it going in a day or so, hopefully amazon will take it back/exchange it
reached capacity after 24 mb.everything has been working fine until six months and 24mb storage bites later, my kingston 512mb datatraveler says it's full every time i try to store word documents. mind you, it says i have 488 mb remaining so you can imagine how frustrating this experience is. i'll have to buy another flash drive, maybe a sandisk...update: i subsequently bought a 512mb pny attache flash drive and it got overloaded at the same point so apparently the capacity "512" doesn't match up with my imac's definition
i own 2 choppers and will never buy anything from razor again.last christmas i bought my son a razor chopper. he has rode it a total of maybe 5 hours all year. why u ask. it stays broke! it only has a 90 day warrenty.  shortly after the 90 days electrical shorts started poping up through out the system. bad connections , bad wire etc. razor has been no help at all. they are next to impossible to get intouch with. now i gave them the benifit of the doubt and thought maybe i just got a lemon. my daughter loved  his so i bought her one for christmas this year. took it outta the box tonight to charge it and guess what.... its already broke.here it is 2 days before christmas and her biggest and most expencive($203 with tax and dilivery)present is broken and god only knows when she will actually get to ride it
out of production - no support.this was a great idea but there are a few problems.  first the software works on win 98 amp; 2000 only - not xp.  second, the software is full of bugs. three, there is no support or updates as the company's u.s. web site is gone. too bad.  if it only worked
software update needed.can someone please send me the link to download the newest software for this @#^$$ organizer? i've written kds twice in the past month and have not received a response. i'm running xp and from what i can tell, the update will fix the problems i'm having
usability depends a lot on the car.the other three reviewers must be driving 1960's trucks or something. on a sedan you'll be *very* hard pressed to find a proper surface to attach this to...mind you, it only has two degrees of freedom, and in the vertical one it only rotates 180 degrees or so. this is a major problem. unless you have a vertical windshield, forget about attaching your gps to it. you'd only be able to rotate the gps screen downwards, so you won't be able to read it!.the only alternative is to attach it to a horizontal surface. good luck finding one. garmin does a good job explaining what not to attach it to (air bags etc.), but there's hardly anything suitable left...also, the sticky base needs a perfectly flat surface to attach to. hard to find one in a modern car. in my protege i attached it next to the base of stick. this puts my gps pretty much out of sight. i need look down whenever i get a beep from my 76 to read what turn i need to do next
great picture; poor sound.i was impressed with the reception and quality of the picture, however the sound was so poor i had to return the product. the sound is distorted and i had several others listen to so i could be sure it was not just my hearing. i wish the sound had been better so i could have kept the product because the picture is really great
can't figure out how it will hold the ipaq..may be i got a defective one. .there is nothing inside to hold the ipaq. its just a 3 fold cover. ipaq comes with a much better case when you buy it new
pesima calidad.recibi el estuche apenas hace 15 dias y esta descocido por los costados de la tapa. para ser un producto de hp, deja mucho que desear...estoy iniciando el proceso para su devolucion.
this does not fit the ipaq hx2755.this does not fit the ipaq hx2755. do not try! there are plenty of other cases out there that will work. i ended up with a 94 cent digital camera case from wal-mart that works better than this thing.
not for most ipaqs.this case will not work with most ipaq pdas because it is designed for ipaqs with a side hinging cover.  the case actually attaches to the hinge of the cover, thereby replacing whatever cover was on the pda.  unfortunately, my hx2755 has a cover that hinges from the top, so this case won't really work for it.  its a tight squeeze with the cover attached for my pda to fit, but it does have some room for a few credit cards and maybe some sd cards
buyer beware.i bought the samsung dvd-hd960 a short six weeks ago, and it is already broken despite careful and limited use.  samsung's reaction?  they could not care less that their product went from questionable performance to worthless in six weeks; they just say to mail it to a california location, at my own expense, where it will allegedly be repaired in an unspecified time.  this is their full-warranty service. i wonder if, after repair, the unit will be up to its original inferior standards.  be very careful dealing with samsung; their interest in the customer ends after the sale is completed
not so sure of the up conversion technology....to make it short and sweet. i have the jvc 61" hd-61fn97 true 1080p hd-ila projection tv and the jvc rx-d412b audio/video control receiver. my main dvd player prior to his purchase was the xbox 360. well after using every connection possible and testing each source a million times to include back to back comparisons with duplicate dvd's. i would say that the samsung 960 did not display anything amazing that the xbox 360 couldnt display. i'm returning my samsung dvd player tomorrow. i thought the up conversion was going to help out but instead made noticeable distortions at 720p and 1080i settings. i could not get the tv to validate the 1080p via hdmi connection. i would say this was a week long evolution. from online support to on the phone support, countless hours were spent trying to get the set up to display max resolution with minimum distotion. "maybe my hdtv is to big". but the samsung 960 does come with the hdmi cable which will save you about $50 bucks
trouble with burned cds, unimpressive upconverting.i didn't realize how important it was that my dvd player music well until i purchased this unit: half of my cd collection is cd-rs, and whenever i put a cd-r in this player, i got a second of silence for every 10 to 20 seconds of music. i called samsung, and they told me that the unit was defective; however, i don't think i'll take my chances on trying another unit. the upconverting to 1080i, incidentally, was virtually imperceptible until i brought my eyes to within about three or four inches of the screen. finally, the build quality of this unit is not impressive and borders on cheap, and the halting tray movement indicates poor design. i'm not sure that i am ready to give up on upconverting quite yet, but i do know that i need to purchase a more robust and reliable player.
not a good receiver.i just cancelled my subscription of xm because for 2 months that i've tried xm, it seems to me that the normal radios have more interesting songs than xm...another reason of the camcellation of xm is the receiver. i used xm in my car and there're some problems;.1. the signal was too bad even the places that the normal radio have a signal, xm didn't..2. i have to set up the receiver everytime i want to listen to xm. if you want to have a sattellite radio in your car, i recommend using the one that comes with a navigator so you don't have to set up everytime that you want to listen. accoring to the manual, to get the best signal, it said that i should put the antenna (signal detector) outside the car which is impossible for me. i have to go through a door and put it above of the roof. moreover, i tried and i couldn't shut the door very close or it will destroy the cable that coome with the antenna...my conclusion;.for delphi xm roady : bad signal...better get the one that comes with the navigator and install in your car console..for xm radio : nothing really different from the ordinary radio (xm is more boring in my opinion)
full price for half quality.i recently purchased this fm transmitter because i knew how quality the name was.  i was excited after reading other itrip  horror stories because this has a power outlet and does not draw power from the ipod itself, so the transmitting power would be stronger.  i paid $50 (way too much) and used it in my maxima all the way home.  we have several cars and it didn't work in any of the other vehicles: 2 chevys and one vw passat.  it was programmed to work on the lower frequencies and it was as if it was not powerful enough to boradcast over them... and there was no local frequency to over power.  besides, when it did work, there was too much static for me to enjoy the music.  i would not reccomend this product
poor..no matter what volume or frequency, i get static and distortion. i wonder if the quality varies from unit to unit since some have had no problem.  .i won't buy one again
a lot of static!.i bought this thinking it would be good and no matter what station i have it on there's always static.  it's very annoying.  i would not suggest anyone to but this.
unreliable energizer 2500 mah aa experience.i've been using nimh batteries from sanyo, nexcell, powerex and accupower for over 6 years. use them for everything from high current drain digital cameras and high-end digital audio recorders to cd players, bathroom scales and flashlights. ..i rely on two of the excellent maha mh-c401fsb smart 2-rate chargers. these charge and monitor each battery independently, not in pairs. energizer 2500 mah units were fine for about three months. then i noticed that devices would be calling for new batteries with little to no use. this has never happened with other aas nimh, including those with less than half the advertised capacity. the maha charger also started reporting that some of the energizer aas were not taking a charge at all...kept finding that typically one out of four were the problem. many of the 32 aa energizers i bought have had problems. repeatedly have had one battery run out of charge while others still test very strong. felt pen dots put on discharged batteries showed it was the same batteries time and time again. have reverted in some cases to 1600 mah sanyo oem batteries put in service in feb 2001 and those provide longer and more reliable performance!..in my considerable experience with these 2500 mah aa energizers they have been a very big disappointment and, regardless of warranty, cannot be relied upon
expected much more.for the price i expected a radio of exceptional design and engineering.  i've had my radio for over a year and it is on now all the time. it has to be, because the power/sleep button froze just after the warrantee ran out. this necessariy means i can't use the alarm or the weather alert function (since they are turned off by the self-same power button). i'll admit, the tuner programming buttons are helpful, but the fm antenna is the same old inflexable telescoping that can easily be bent or broken off. the am reception, to my thinking, is really no better than cheaper radios. the tv band is a nice addition, but most of the interesting stations are on uhf (beyond channel 13) which this radio can't receive. and, for the money, this radio should have led buttons that would enable easy operation in the dark. in general i advise you to save your money.
terrible quality,and lackluster reception.not what i expected,maybe i was unlucky.radio played like the weather,very  unpredictable including the quality of the radio.this might be an isolated case
lcd failure after four years.i too have had a cc radio plus for approximately four years.  i had excellent reception, but the lcd display has failed making it useless as far as i'm concerned.  i initially received the radio as a christmas gift about four years ago.  the first one i received did not play at all and had to be returned for a replacement.  the replacement was promptly received with minimal hassle, but now the lcd display has failed.  this looks like an engineering failure to me based upon the number of lcd failures i see documented here.  it's too expensive if it only lasts 4 years
bad lcd:  repairs and replacement radio have also failed.i originally purchased ccradio in 1999. lcd display began to fail and i eventually contacted ccrane who offered to repair for free. note that at this time the unit was not under any actual or implied warranty. i received radio back fairly quickly and all seemed ok until.....the repaired lcd began to fail. i again eventually contacted ccrane. this time they generously said they would replace my repaired ccradio with a new ccradio plus. i appreciated this as this was long past any warranty period. i really liked the ccradioplus and all the features (esp.the aux input).all seemed ok until.....the replacement radio's lcd began to fail. i have hobbled along with the malfuntioning replacement's bad lcd display along with other problems (alarm sound pops and clips, short battery life, flickering lcd backlight). i've just called ccrane again, and they have again offered to fix the radio. to their credit, note that 7 years have passed since my original purchase...this is clearly a poorly engineered product with profound quality control failures that have been widely documented over a long period of time. i hesitate to send in the radio for another repair or even replacement that i fear will only go bad yet again. ..note this radio is great when working properly. many useful features and great performance abound. also note that ccrane seems willing to repair or even replace long after warranty expires...but after being thrice-bitten, i fear that any offering in th ccradio line will require perpetual repair. regretfully, i strongly do not recommend purchase. ..*** update ***   i did send in my unit for a third free repair. after 6 weeks, my radio returned. the lcd is new, but the replacement lcd has a limited viewing angle. it is badly positioned so that when looking at the display straight-on (as i do when it is on my nightstand) the displayed digits look badly faded/grayed-out! why the repair techs did not check the viewing angle is beyond me! this is now my 4th bad repair/replacement. to quote a previous reviewer, "i'm through with ccrane!" stay away from this company's products and their perpetual-repair bench...carl
you can find a better product..i have sampled about 5 different brands/styles of sport headphones over the last few years. these "sportclips" from koss are the worst. the sound quality is diminshed, the cord is way too long, and the sport clips are not particularly malleable and as such do a poor job of conforming to the ear. keep looking, almost anything will be a better choice than this product
sturdy, but otherwise not that great.i've been using these headphones for a few months at the gym...pros:.- they are sturdy and well-made...- sweat does not seem to bother them...cons:.- they don't fit well in my ears.  i don't have a problem with most earbuds, so this is unusual.  the buds are large and the earpieces don't give much support on me - they fall out easily...- the earpieces are not adjustable...- the sound is just not good when they're not in your ear canal.  no bass at all, and the other frequencies are muddy....summary:.i would not recommend these for those looking for good sound.  i would also not recommend these for people doing vigorous activity where they're likely to fall out
get used to the blue screen.i have had trouble with this piece of hardware since i installed it. i went through numerous conversations with d-link support trying to identify the issue, installing different driver versions and none of them have worked. don't buy it, if you want my advice.
it's true about the bsod (blue screen of death).it started out great, no probs with connectivity. then i updated the driver. after that if i left the pc on overnight, the next morning there would be a bsod. sometimes even after a couple of hours you would get one too, eventually i got tired of it and took the card out. i've swithced to using cable now, had it out for over 6 months now and i don't think i'm going to put it back
weak microphone makes headset unusable.i have tried using this headset with 2 different panasonic cordless phones, one 900mhz and the other 5.8ghz.  for both phones, on a variety of calls, the other party has trouble hearing me and says that i sound as if i am very far away.  i had been using an old uniden headset on the same phones and it worked fine, but then the plastic head-band broke and i bought the panasonic tca-98.  what a waste of money
microphone gain too low.i constantly get complaints that the person at the other end of the line can't hear me because the sound of my voice is so low.  otherwise, it is a great headset.  comfortable, good headphone, sunds clear and loud.  just the micraphone seems to have trouble.  so i'm not using it
do not buy brother 2070n if you need a network printer.this company (brother) is totally ignorant on networking. they have based networks on "autoip" which is irrelevant to office and home networking. therefore, it does not configure on regular dhcp configuration. ..setup documentation contains "nothing". .user manual contains "nothing"..technical support contains "nothing"...nothing, nothing and nothing. .that's what you get!..ignorant and arrogant companies who take consumers lightly pay the price:..brother 2070n printer is returned..lexmark e120n is purchased.
iriver.don't waste your money. what iriver doesn't tell their customers is that once the battery goes dead, the system is useless. i will never buy one of their products again and i'm doing my best to inform everyone out there that they'll be tossing their money in the trash by purchasing any iriver products. my system cost me $[...] and it is now as useless as the customer service department at irive
disappointing.the h10 is a nice looking device that doesn't work.  i have a constant reoccurring problem where the device will hang when you select a song or playlist.  the hourglass (initializing) will remain until the unit runs down the battery.  the only solution is to reinstall the firmware which also deletes all your files.  you have to use windows media player to transfer and sync files.  wmp is clumsy to use.  it is not user friendly at all.  anyway, after the firmware reinstall it will work for a while and then just start hanging again.  i used to be a faithful iriver customer, but not any more.
the disappearing mp3 player.i have a 5gb but a lot of the h10's are having the same problem.  i can play all of the songs that i owned myself but everything through the subscription service has run out and can't be reinstalled. i've done a little research about the disappearing mp3 player and it appears to be a problem that is affecting a lot of the h10's and 1 other model i can't remember right now and iriver can't figure it out; although i've been told they are trying desperately to find the bug....so buy with caution....
not worth the headache.i've had this mp3 player since it came out and, if anyone is still considering getting it, i must advise otherwise.  the mp3 player itself looks and feels great, and the navigational features are very easy to use.  the problem is that the player itself is extremely unreliable.  i have used 3 versions of this player (expecting each time that the player was simply faulty), and all of them glitch up terribly.  i constantly have to take my battery out to reset the player as it will freeze during normal play.  it also freezes half of the time that i try to sync with wmp.  in addition, sometimes it simply refuses to take deleted songs off of my h10's list of tracks (even though they no longer exist on the player)...finally, iriver has terrible customer service and they do not even back their own products!  as a owner of two irivers (h10 and the 120), i have seen for a while how they function: they will offer updates for their faulty firmware for about a month, and then they leave that product to produce a new one.  it seems like they have a new mp3 player being introduced every few months.  their customer service is extremely hard to get a hold of, and if you do, they will simply say you need to send it to the factory (occasionally you will get a rep that will actually send you a brand new one for free, though)...be smart, stick to a creative, the new toshiba gigabeat s, or (clench your fists) an ipod
nice when it worked, but poorly made and unreliable.nice gadget for the 1 year and 11 days that i had it, until it suddenly broke completely, for no apparent reason, and i had to buy a new player.  the warranty is 1 year!  $229 for a disposable mp3 player is a lot of dough...initial use was painful due to flaky firmware that iriver eventually improved, they just released it too soon.  that got better but the user experience with iriver plus yahoo music engine was awful, largely due to yahoo music engine being brand new.  better now but this is still a collaboration between three vendors (iriver, yahoo, and microsoft) that is not always smooth...bottom line is that i'm deeply unhappy with having this device fail on me 11 days out of warranty.  i have replaced it with a creative zen player and will never buy anything from iriver again
nice mouse while it worked....if you are going to spend in the neighborhood of $100.00 for a mouse you should expect a reliable product, right? i bought this mx revolution two months ago and i now own a very attractive paperweight. the recharging system has stopped charging and it appears to be a problem experienced by other users. there are several discussion threads on the logitech web site from others who have seen there investment become useless in record time...save yourself the aggravation and money...opt for a device that allows you to change the batteries or at least has a charging system that won't collapse in the first two months...big disapointment
oh what a rip off.i really tried to like this mouse. i used it for over a month. the mouse works 70% of the time. doesn't seem like much but to be mousing a lot and have everything quit working abruptly is extremely frustrating. this is a huge waste of money and i hope i can spare others with this review...stay away from this dog
overpriced.as for digital technology, monster cable has once again ruined the marketplace by greatly over estimating what their products are worth.  the great difference with the digital output/inpt devices compared to analog is simple.  if the digital signal reaches the device it needs to it can't be any more or less clear.  because your digital signal is comprised of "0's" and "1's" if you can see your tv or hear the music then what ever cable you use works-  there is no distortation across digital signals, so don't pay the extra money- in fact you shouldn't need to spend more than around $30-50.
sony sppa946 is a terrible phone.i have had three of these phones brought to me for repair because the charging circuit goes bad and drains the battery
simply horrible.everything about the phone is bad. the answering system, the voiceon the answering system, the ability to fast forward through messages...go waste your money on something better than this
lousy technical support.things were fine until i allowed the update service to download new software.  once that occured, nothing worked.  i dealt with logitech's online technical support.  despite describing in my email to tech support that i had already done most of the things that technical support would require me to do, i had to start all over and go through each step that i had already gone through, only to have email tech support conclude after two weeks of this craziness that i should talk to their phone support.  the product still doesn't work properly.  tech support was just frustrating beyond comprehension. the product is great when everyting works correctly.  but run into a problem, and you're truly stuck.  logitech could do much better with their support, but they don't.  if you have any technical understanding you will know far more than their robotic technical support people and will only be frustrated by their rote answers
excellent looks, not so good underneath.this is an awesome looking keyboard/mouse package but has its problems.  logitech has done a poor job of getting the software right.  ..one of the problems is that often when the keyboard has been idle for a time and you then press a key you get a double keystroke.  this seems like nothing to speak of but often results in an incorrect password or web address if you are not careful.  ..another problem, the mouse will sometimes lose directional control.  you can use the scroll wheel but moving the mouse up or down/ left or right gives no movement on screen.  you can either reboot the pc or press the connect button to reestablish a proper connection.  there seems no particular reason for the loss of connection.  ..the final problem is with the mouse battery.  the battery is rechargeable but you must recharge extremely often.  i would recommend redocking the mouse every other day or you will have problems.  this seems like no big deal but if you are not use to docking a mouse forgetfulness kicks in quickly...logitech support is absolutely no help what so ever.  when these problems are presented to them they only suggest moving the bluetooth receiver to the front of your pc.  otherwise, the problems are categorized as "environmental" which is seems the logitech secret code for "we did little or no qa testing so you the customer must suffer".
almost perfect.i loved this set the first two months i had it. it's so much easier to type on the laptop style keyboards, and the media pad was unexpectedly versatile. the mouse fits your hand perfectly, and the battery lasts forever. however......beware......of.....the.....receiver!!!..(and logitech customer support)..while on vacation, the receiver for my dinovo went missing from my office. i thought "no big deal, i'll just call and get a replacement. all it is is a $15 piece of plastic." how wrong i was. ..after being transferred from dept to dept and explaining what happened about 6 times, i was hung up on. then i did it again, this time for only about an hour, until they finally tell me that there is absolutely, positively, no way in hell that i'll ever be able to get a replacement for the receiver, no matter what i pay. my only option was to buy an out of warranty system (the whole thing!) for $85. i carefully explained to the phone that this was ridiculous, and i wanted my money back. so the phone gave me an address to send my now useless dinovo to, and thanked me for my patronage. i sent it in 3 weeks ago, and haven't heard a thing yet. needless to say, i'm more than a little put off, especially considering how expensive the dinovo is. ..i would recommend that you not buy this, or any, product from logitech. ever. unless you want to be miserable. and stupid...addition: just got the ms laser mouse and comfort keyboard 6000 set. i highly recommend this one over the dinovo; not only is it half the price and twice as comfortable, it looks really neat, too
net gear wg311.i sent  the product at the appropriate time and they did not give me full credit.  very unhappy with the
conflict with xp.i have had to alter the way people log on and off my computer. the software alters the way the computer will now let you log on and off. i can no longer switch users, each user has to log off. i would not buy this brand again
poor reception.i have this on a desktop with win xp.  this adapter goes through cycles of good to poor reception repeatedly.  it will occasionally drop the connection.  whereas, my 2 laptops placed at the same location receives excellent signal constantly.  go figure
time consuming with dell demension xp pro sp2.comapring to my other machine which has a different card used to be at the same location, this card gave me weak signal and dropping connections as many folks have mentioned earlier. with xp pro sp2, this card always caused "nmi: parity check / memory parity error" blue screen at system shutdown - dell demension 3100...i was with a dell cust rep on the phone for 2+ hours this afternoon to go thru all kinds steps to finally identify that this card caused the issue. here when i did a seach with keywords nmi netgear shutdown and finally found this forum. i am "glad" to see that this card caused same issue with another dell customer! wow, lots of people have problem with this card
stay away from netgear.bad xp sp2 compatibility. not sure if it is my amd chip or sp2 because even the xp update from netgear woulnt help. bsod's daily needed a restore to get them to stop. buy a linksys, havent had a single problem with them. linksys wmp54g is worth the extra money
netgear  -  not!.i'd stay away from this one.  issues with windows xp sp2.  netgear does not seam to be able to get all the  bugs out...i have one and have to reboot every few days just so it'll re-connect to my netgear wireless router
netgear wg311 54 mbps wireless pci adapter.the absolute worst product.  stay away!!  there have been zero days that i have not had a problem witht this adapter.  i get the windows bsod everyday.  went out and bought the linksys equivalent and have not had any problems thus far.
couldn't be worse.this couldn't be a bigger dud. . .the first problem is the long narrow shape of the keyboard, there is no room for your mouse, there is also no room for the keyboard. .  .the pain in my arms are so servere from using the game controls at the far left end of the desk and my mouse on the right, i can't sleep at night.  the pain is from my left shoulder, and it feels like the bone is cutting through my skin.  its from the awkward distance and angle of working the controls.  .  .then there are the drivers...hello! goodbye! the end!  . .their support team can't get it through their head that i have a notebook, and that the keyboard is attached to the notebook.  .  .they now want me to buy screen shot software, so i can take screen shots of all my error messages. ..the keyboard and the support instructions i have received have completely ruined a game ... morrowind.  .   .i can no longer access the console in the morrowind goty pc game from fiddling around with drivers for this thing.   .  .the drivers that come with this have problems, they are incompatible with the latest required microsoft downloads. .  .they owe me a keyboard and a game...not mention a bottle of aspirin for my left arm.  .   .marf
great hardware, horrible software.this kybd is not a true plug and play.  the you must install the cd and select the game you want to use it with to make it work...the problem is that the cd installs microsoft.net on your computer witch talks to microsoft everytime you boot up.  after buying this keyboard and installing the software, i was no longer able to boot my computer without a internet connection first.  good luck to the modem users...next there is no customization at all.  you pick the game you want to set up for and thats it.  if your game is not on the list (its a short list, only about 25 games are on it) or if you want to change a few keys, its imossible...the spyware install, the isp required boot, and complete lack of key customization force me to give this product a big thumbs down...dont buy it, or at least wait a few months till they fix the software and make it user programable.  maybe by june it might be safe
very disappointed.i read a lot of reviews of cordless phones before i bought my panasonic kx-tg5050.  wow were they ever wrong.  ..first there's the range.  it's awful.  i can't get more than 50 feet from the base before the signal dies.  i live in the country on 5.5 acres and this phone won't cover 10% of the area.  every other phone i have owned in the past 10 years has covered the area without a single problem.  i had a sony that would get a workable signal over 300 yards away.  ..then there's the quality.  i've owned this phone about two years.  it's dead as of today.  my last phone (the sony)lasted about 7 years.  it actually didn't quit then.  the numbers wore off the keypad so i bought a new phone and gave it to my son to take to college with him.  it lasted at least another year after that.  ..the voice quality was ok.  the speakerphone was ok.  nothing was exceptional about this phone which is not how it was billed before i bought it...i have lots of panasonic equipment.  i'll never own another one of their phones
poor voice quality.the transmitted voice sounds like your under water if you're within 30-40 feet of the base unit. i have had this phone for some time and followed the recommendations by panasonic support but it never seems to work. i certainly wouldn't by another one. perhaps my unit is defective. there was never any offer to replace it by panasonic even after i asked.
very muddy bass.my altec lansing 45.1 died a few weeks ago due to a lightning storm . no biggie i thought, it's lasted me more than 5 yrs after all. so out i go to get another altec lansing based on reviews that i've read. i finally decided on the vs4121 partly because it got a lot of really nice reviews, but mostly because these were the only ones available...boy was i disappointed. even w/o adjusting for inflation, the vs4121's are still more expensive than my old 45.1's. for that price, i'd say it's about half as good as my old set. midtones are not so good. but the bass was horrible. i found it to be extremely muddy and had to turn it down to almost nothing to get acceptable sound. i also had to turn the treble way up as well...i hate it, but i have no choice as my work leaves me little time to go shopping, so i'm stuck with this. i'm starting to get used to it, but i wish i didn't have to...how did this happen? isn't technology supposed to get better and cheaper over time? i auditioned the fx6021's and i loved them. too bad they were beyond my budget...bottom line, if you don't care so much about sound quality, this is an ok buy. but if you have room in your budget, i suggest you set your sights a little higher, because you'll definitely be disappointed
nice sound-but product failure.in exactly 12.5 months (just out of warranty)the system began to fail.  i use it with an ibm thinkpad and i have an earlier altec lansing acs 340 which continues to work fine. i called altec's tech support 1-800-258-3288 and was told that even though the system was out of warranty they would fix it. all i had to do was wait for a call from their tech people to check it out.  call never came.  called back and was told to connect the system to an mp3 player.  did that. system wouldn't work on either of two think pads or an ipod.  the acs 340 however would work.  two months later i am still getting the run around.  maybe my situation is an exception--but i won't buy another altec lansing speaker system.
defective unit + extremely poor tech support.unit did not work out of the box.  i was not able to get even started with the setup. i could not get a hold of a tech support person and i tried for two days!!! the "24/7 tech support" promise is a sham.  if you call them, prepare to spend all of your cell phone minutes waiting to get a live person on the line ..
i guess i have a smaller set of ears and head...according to altec designers.im highly dissappointed, all i 've heard are great reviews..and i was very excited about this item ahs302i when my boyfriend and i  saw it at amazon.com.it turns out i can never get it to stay in place...seems like my head is toooo small for your standards..and it slides right off my head..i tried bending it a bit..but then..guess what? my ears might be again tooo small for your standards..in other words..i do not recommend this product unless you have big head and ears to hold it in place.. .im currently away from home, i am in central america on business and my boyfriend is in tx, usa, so we thought what better way to keep in touch trhough the best quality that your company offers...but turns out..im truly dissapointed and sad and mad.
good sound but bad construction.this production is horrible.  i bought this as a gift.  even though it had an average sound quality (through skype), the headset broke several months later with normal use.  i would not recomend this product to anyone
awful!  buyer beware!.i received my tv less than a week ago.  i like to listen to my soaps at work.  ..today, out of the blue the tv stops working.  i turn on the radio, and the radio works fine.  i played with a bunch of buttons, nothing will work.  my friend plugged it in under her desk to see if that would work, the tv still doesn't work.  ..so i emailed coby about it, and here's the response i got:.to obtain warranty replacement, return the product freight prepaid to the.address below within the duration of the warranty. please enclose the.product, copy of receipt, detailed description of the problem and a money.order in the amount of $6.00 for each item. the money order should be made.out to coby electronics and covers the cost of return shipping and handling..failure to enclose required information will result in delay of your.shipment. please allow 4-6 weeks for product replacement..______________.kate b. carter.customer service manager.coby electronics.56-65 rust st.,.maspeth ny 11378.tel 718-416-3300 x121.fax 718-416-3305...so, they make a substandard product, i paid $18.99 for it (it's now only $14.99, no wonder!), and i have to pay to ship the tv to them, and give them a money order for $6.00 for them to ship it back.  and i have to be without a tv for 4 or more weeks.  ..can you say frustrated?
review of tv.the product lasted two weeks before it would no longer hold a picture. the screen would go dark and remain dark for awhile before it would come back on
good for listening, not for talking..i bought this thinking it will really save my time. but, it proved not of much use to me because the microphone seems to be not that good. the person on the other side can't hear me properly, it's feeble amp; i have to switch back to hand-full mode instead of hands-free
disappointment.a previous reviewer said it's only 10 bucks.  the price seems to have doubled and the quality halved.  i can hear other callers crystal clear.  the problem is this:  they keep saying, quot;what?  what?  i can't hear you.  hello?quot;  microphone adjustment doesn't make a considerable improvement.  this headset is for those who like to listen.  if you'd like to join the conversation, your words will fall on deaf ears
horrible.i've never bought a worse piece of hardware. tons of static, hum and low volume. i've tried many, many stations and settings, it's just not very good. i'm so bummed because i really had high hopes for this and i think my expectations weren't set too high. i expected it to at least sound as good as fm radio not worse that am. i wonder if i can return it, probably not
overpriced and poor design.i am very unhappy with this product.  it was overpriced and poor quality, design, and instructions.  it lack features for a product that costs this much.  i rarely purchase sony products because this is usually the case, but the only other comparable product had so many poor reviews.  i wish i could return it
bad sound: please don't buy.hi,.  ok, the specs sound quite impressive. but i would trust my ears more than the printed material. i have hooked it on to a nad c320 bee with polk 6i. i am sorry, my friends, it sounds really bad. needless to say, i checked the amp/speaker set up with a cd player. sound was pretty neat. i plugged in a sennheiser headphone to the sony tcwe475, and the sound was still bad.. i guess we need to pass it through an equalizer, 'coz there are no sound controlls in the machine. . i assure you, it sounds duller than the simplest mini component you can think of.. i bought it 'coz i trusted the specs and it was recommended by this guy in circuit-city, which brings me to another point: always trust your ears more than what others say.
fleecing loyal apple buyers.the first thing i did when opening this item was check to make sure it actually was an apple product.  its really cheap looking.  looks like something you'd find for [...] at a flea market or in the "stocking stuffers" section of the dollar store at christmas time. the nano is small so almost anything will hold it, including a rubber band and an envelope which is about as good as this unit...this looks more like the freebie armband that should come free with the unit. certainly not a [...] accessory. it just cheapens the apple image...if oem apple products are your thing, then go ahead and try this. but if you're looking for something as sweet as your nano that stays put while you workout, look for something else.  i'm returning mine this weekend to spend my money elsewhere.
don't buy this if you work out.nice little holder for the nano, but if you use it while you work out or sweat, forget this one. mine smells like a high school locker room after a couple of months of use while running. i have tried gently hand washing it to get the odor out, and the clear screen cover came loose when it got wet, plus the material still stinks. this is a waste of money and apple should be ashamed selling this.
never again.i used the 15" 3 times when 1/4 of the pixels went out. i contacted the company to no avail.  no help, no response, no resolution. i will never buy a samsung product ever again and will tell everyone i know.  worst customer service- no- no customer service!!! i had to give it one star.  0 was not an option
the battery dies  you are screwed.had the player, a little funky to figure out but was working well. works more like a hard drive than a music player, by that i mean it is not very windows freindly. it has upgrades for the software, if you have a lot of music, the moodlogic firmware upgrade is not a very good idea. the firward can really slow down the player...sound quality is good...warranty is 1 year. my player died at 1 year, 2 weeks. player was $299 when i bought it. ..it took 7 calls, emails, and 1 fax from 9/27/05 until 11/08/05 to get a response, to my request to have it fixed. ..response: it is out of the 1 year warranty, there is nothing we will do for you...$300 annuanly for a player is a rip off..buy something els
a complete disappointment.i've had this player for a year now and it's a real dud. it's got a terrible remote pickup, bad menus and worst of all, it resets some of its settings while your watching a dvd. stay away from this disaster
not even for $20.thinking about the samsung hd-841 - forget it! that player is horrible. frequently froze up, refused to play many brands of dvd-rs and would not play dvd+r dl discs. buy the toshiba sd-6980 instead. the toshiba player handles all of the dvd-r and dvd+r i've thrown at it and plays dvd+r dls as well. also does a great job with dvd-audio and sacd.
don't buy for the upconverter (breaks).i have had the upconverter on this product break twice on two different units and had one shipped back for repair and the upconverter still does not work after repair. upconverter worked for a month or two each time and then broke. this product is a piece of crap
it didnt work so i had to send it back.i received this item quickly but it did not work, the one output from the component outs was not working causing a tint to the picture. also the sound outputs were not working correctly causing a hissing noise. all in all, this item said it was remanufactured but it didnt seem like it was even tested. i was very dissapointed
no card installed.i was disappointed that this card is not recognized by my t-mobile mda, my brother's cingular's mda, or my sister-in-laws pda/smartphone.  i shall purchase a sandisk card for a bit more $$ and consider this a lesson learned.
no point.i was mistaken when i thought that this product would work with my pda. it not only caused my ppc 6700 to crash but it jacked up my laptop as well. i thought of doing an exchange only to get an email alluding to products getting returned back all the time so i declined. there is no point on getting a refund because there are so many fees i'd probably only get four dollars back. i should have known when the shipping was nearly that of the cost of the mini sd card. i've purchased a sandisk mini sd form another seller and hope that i have more luc
good price? not really. bad seller? definitely..shipping is $7.99 and they don't combine items. that means that, if you buy two, your shipping will be $15.98... on two little tiny mini sd cards! i was going to buy four of them: $56 for the little things, $32 shipping! lame
terrible!.i bought these speakers to go with my new ipod nano, and they worked ok for about 2 weeks, except that their sound isn't incredibly powerful. the static is now so deafening that i can't hear the music!! what a waste...i don't recommend these speakers at all. save your money and buy something-anything!-else
great sound, poor design.i was very excited to use these with my laptop. cargo magazine had reviewed them in their october november issue as best in class....when i first set them up i was pleased with clip-on feature since it saved valuable desk space. the sound was great compared to my built-in laptop speakers too....after a couple of days through, the speakers refused to stay clipped to the laptop screen. i tried cleaning display, the rubber pads on the clips and shimming the clips too but they just didn't have the strength to hold on....at this point i gave up and returned them to the store. too bad nobody else makes something this unique that works for more than a few days.
worked twice.worked twice; then stopped working.  the cable, which simply plugs into the cradle, still works and i use it, but i could have bought that cheaper.  the cradle, which is what i wanted, stopped working almost immediately.  you can push the button till your finger falls off and nothing happens.  piece of junk
does not work with dishnetwork superdish.beware.  this antenna's built in clips are not compatible with the metal oval superdish...it also assumes you can access the inputs at the lnb, which is impossible on the superdish (because of the plastic casing surrounding the lnbs)
incompatible with single receiver systems.nowhere in the description or packaging does it say that this antenna requires a satellite multiswitch. a multiswitch is used for systems using more than 1 tv/receiver. the antenna amplification comes from the satellite multiswitch, and without amplification, this antenna is no better than a pair of simple rabbit ears. ..this antenna may work great for those with multi-room satellite setups, but it was worthless for me.
horrible hdtv antenna.this antenna was a tremendous waste of money.  it did not do any of the things advertised on amazon.com or terk.com.  i could only barely receive 1 station and that picture was very poor quality.  i can get 3 channels with rabbit ears and they are much better quality.  it also significantly reduced, 10-15%,  the signal reception on all 3 satellite lnb's.  i would strongly recommend looking elsewhere for an hdtv antenna.  this poor quality device added to the poor quality of directv in general makes me wish everyday that i had stayed with cable tv
moving on to bigger and better.i own both the ipod (5.5) and the zune - buy a zune. not only does it not scratch or get generally as dingy looking as an ipod - the screen is absurdly larger due to not having to put the brilliant "let's see how we can test our opposable thumbs wheel" navigation "aid" on the device. not to mention, the interface itself is much more attractive and the device itself has more capabilites than the ijunk. but that's me...and not wanting to have to go through another 3 day - yes - days - synch between my wma files and itunes sad attempt at conversion
nice for home creations; not to be confused with pro labels.although one will immediately get the impression that these are great, easy to use labels, digging deeper, they begin to reveal their problems. it seems as if with every other printing job, the alignment is off, even when used with a very professional and versatile printer. the labels are great when printing simple cd-r booklets for friends, but be weary. even independent bands will be dissatisfied with these thin matte labels
no mapping capability at all....just keep in mind that if you buy this product, you will not have the capability to load any mapsource data, or any map data at all.  the unit does not come with even a rudimentary database, and although there is an optional (and riduculously overpriced) pc interface cable, you won't be able to upload anyting into the gps unit.  no street maps, no topo maps,... nada.  other comparably priced units have this capability, which seems to me to be absolutely essential if you actually want to use a gps unit to be able to navigate, which, let's face it, is the only reason that you would buy one
buyer beware.purchased this monitor directly from viewsonic.  first monitor i received had a dead pixel in the center of the screen.  closer inspection showed that this monitor was likely previously returned before it was sent to me.  called viewsonic and told them that i had a dead pixel, expecting them to take care of it no problem.  oh no, i had to pay to send it back.  in other words, i had to pay for them to replace a defective monitor that was likely previously returned for the same reason.  finally, convinced them under threat of taking it to the dept. of consumer affairs that they would cover shipping.  received another monitor out of the original packaging with several dead pixels in the right corner.  called again.  "sorry our policy says that the monitor can have up to 7 dead pixels and we consider it in perfect shape."  will not return it.  and obviously sent me two previously returned monitors.  my opinion:  these are not people you want to deal with.  they are pushing bad merchandise and making it as hard as possible to return it.  i strongly recommend amazon provide this notice to their buyers
resolution issue.very poor quality on the one i got. colors are not for grafics work. it does not work with 4:3 video grapichs resolution so you have to invest more money buying graphic card with 16:9 resolution. at the end the cost is too high.
did not work.purchased this to get a better picture, but it did not work. suffered from making everything green, unplugged, replugged etc. still the green tinge. bought the sony component cable and it works great. maybe i got a bad one, but i have read similar complaints from other people.
failed in 10 days! monster horrible customer serv!.first, i do not write reviews unless the product really ticks me off!! so monster has pushed me to the limit here, so that i write how incredible negative their customer service is, and how their cables do not work! sure, i'm sure for some people it worked, and life is peachy. but think of this!! if it doesnt work, you will take a year to get a hold of someone [took me 4 calls] for them to be totally rude and just give you an address...my cable starting losing color in 10 days, and everything became yellowish. thats right $60 to look at yellow movies and games. pathetic. now i have to mail it in, instead of them sending me a replacement first, then i mail it in. so for now they stole my money, dont let them steal yours!!
not recommended.i bought these cables because i have used monster cables and been happy with them.  however, after a month or so of use, there was a short in the cables near where they attach to the playstation.  we had to tape the cables to the power cord in order to get a color picture.  after about a week of this, they no longer would show a color picture at all.  save your money.  the cables do an incredible job while they work but are not worth the money you spend on them when they break.
terrible discs..i tried to burn these dvds on two completely different burners one is lg h10a and the other is a toshiba sd-r6472. none were successful. terrible media. this kind of stuff shouldn't be sold freely on the market. disappointing. i've lost my money
extremely bad disks.this is the worst dvds i have used ever. never buy memorex dvds unless you really want to waste your money
waste of money.pay a bit more money and get diffferent brand....this product is a waste of money.
memorex dl do not work - buyer beware!.avoid these. bought a 10pak, and burned 3 coasters out of the gate.  sold the remainder on ebay, and bought verbatim dvd+rl (part 95166). these work 100% of the time (presently have burned about 100 with 0 coasters)...as it was explained to me, memorex buys their discs from other manufacturers. they don't make their own media.  verbatim makes their own discs, and control the quality of every batch.  memorex may get theirs from a number of manufacturers, each using different quality standards, thus giving you no guarantee between discs of whether they will work or not.  i've seen more then a few people say "i bought 10 that worked great, then bought 10 more, and all those were junk". no consistency at all.  buyer beware
avoid this item.had trouble regulating sound volume.  picture went out after 11 months.  it cannot be mounted with standard mounting kits
magnavox makes the worst  hdtvs.not meant for the hdtv/ lcd times. after 45 min. the rf in stopped working, so magnavox needs me to mail in the tv for replacement. this is the worst attempt of hdtv i ever seen. it is like a no name brand that should be blank. i would not buy a magnavox anything digital video display again. everyday the set looks as if it ages 1 year and if it last longer, that would be the only good thing to say. the tv sounds as if lightning is going through the speakers and is as bad as the display which looks like lightning struck it. no way will you ever get a picture that looks like magnavox 15mf605t 15" lcd flat panel tv image on the web page
returned it..cable picture is poor. sound is terrible. despite matching its progressive scan capabilities with a progressive scan dvd player, it did not meet george lucas' picture specifications (which can be accomplished by tube-televisions over 10 years old). too bad sony has discontinued making anything under 20". .bottom line is- if you have an eye and ear for detail- do not but this tv.
very poor sound.if you're lookng for an inexpensive hdtv, stay away from this one. spend the extra money and get a good tv..the sound on this is horrendous. i have a 10 year old crt television with much better sound than this.  don't even bother with the stereo sound because it drowns out all the voices in movies
display crapped out.the lcd display failed (dimed to the point of being useless) after 6 months actual use. and i was chagrined to learn the thing has only a 90 day exchange-type warranty (consumer pays to ship defective unit) --  that's it! customer service would offer no accommodation of any type -- so, i'm the stuckee. for $300 or so, i didn't have high expectations, but this product came in lower than low on reliability, warranty and customer service. i'd advise steering clear of all phillips magnavox stuff. they demonstrated to me that, even at a good price, they are a firm that delivers much less than what you pay for
lousy tv-lousy customer service from phillips.i bought this tv for my kitchen in jan. 06. it is used very little (i don't cook much!) by march 06, the picture would shut off in about 20 minutes but the sound would remain on. we were told to send it back (we paid the $25.00 shipping) and they would fix it. they sent it back saying nothing was wrong. they were wrong! now i was told to send it back again(we pay the $25.00 shipping again) and they will send me a new one! i agreed to pay the first $25.00 but didn't feel i should pay it again when they didn't fix it the first time! they refused to budge. so i guess i am out $50.00 bucks and they are sending me another lousy tv. what's that one going to cost me? stay away from this t.v. and stay away from phillips
doesn't display 16:9 content in correct ratios.i'm disappointed with this tv. the only way to see the entire picture from a 16:9 hd source is in the 4:3 mode, which compresses the 16:9 picture from the sides to fill the 4:3 screen. there is no option for a letterbox picture (so people don't look ridiculously fat or skinny)...i called magnavox and they confirmed that this is the correct functioning of the television. not exactly hd, then, is it
the cable is enough.i only bought the cradle because of the s video out. but so far i am still not able to make it work
big ripoff.unless your usb port is located in the back of your computer i recommend not buying this. this $40 dock looks like it cost about $2 to make and it doesn't even come with any wires. just the dock for $40. they could send it in an envelope
alexdon.this device does many things well except one, navigate..it shows pictures very clearly, it plays music quite nicely but 9 out of 10 times it cannot get you from point a to point b without major confusion..every negative review i have read about this device, i am afraid is true..slow processor, unacceptably sloooow, poor maps and even worse navigating algorithms. maps shows all the names of parallel streets but hardly ever the names of intersections (which are the ones that really count, the other stuff is just clutter)..i you are looking for a good portable device that plays mp3s and shows good pictures (the display is top notch)then you may consider it, although there many nice players out there and a lot chaper (and smaller to boot)..if you are looking for a gps system, forget it, don't buy yourself a headache...i returned mine to amazon
great product...shame it does not work.i did my research for an automotive gps unit and ended up with the iway 350c because it had way more features than similarly priced units, or was half the price of units with similar features (however you want to see it). the unit worked flawlessly for exactly 3 days. the gps was pretty accurate (within 200ft), the fm modulator was very clear, and the mp3 player worked fine. i was on the road for those 3 days so i really got to enjoy it. i loved the mp3/fm modulator combination because i like my music kinda loud in the car so i was happy that the unit would interrupt the music to give me the next instruction and then go back to it. it was all fun and games until the 4th day, when the unit stopped being able to communicate with any satellites. i worked in quality assurance for years so i understand that nobody can test every single unit, and it would not bother me had the unit arrived defective. the fact that the unit developed the defect within 3 days however, has me thinking about the quality assurance of the vendors that supply lowrance with the components they use. i called lowrance and after a 20 minute wait i got an agent that had me reboot the unit and then asked me to send it in for a fix. i chose to return it to amazon instead (since it never made the 30 day mark) and get my money back. as of right now i don't know if i will get another one. i may wait until a later version of this unit, when hopefully quality issues have been sorted out. if you do buy one, do yourself a favour and buy it from a reputable store so that you can return it should something go wrong
ahh  let me count the ways in which this is terrible.i was a person who read all the reviews on amazon and all the reviews on three other sites, so even when doing your homework there is always high risk with expensive items. ok now time for the good stuff... first, the 3 1/2 screen is not really big enough and i have 20/20 vision with glasses(which i always wear when i drive). second, the this lowrance gps malfunctions while you are in the middle of a route. one example, i will give you is that when i was travelling on my way to fordham university from long island i found that it said turn right onto a street that was back in long island when i was in the bronx. this is the kind of thing that happens on a regular basis with this syste. also when you enter in addresses it doesn't always have it stored even though you may enter in the exact town street name and correct number. this thing didn't have practically any addresses in windsor and very few in montreal so i resorted to asking people for directions. also, when you get the system the  thing that sticks on the dashboard peels off in a week(at least in the summer) so your left to find something that sticks. i found foam, but only after trying different amounts of tape. then, the sticking material that connects the mount to the base didn't stick anymore after a couple of months so now i am left paying for that too. overall, this is an unreliable navigation system that is not worth getting even at its low price because of its particularly hazardous wastefulness and lack of function. i am only keeping it now since it costs me four hundred dollars, but i usually keep printed directions with me. please do yourself a favor and spend more money on a better navigation system that is installed to your car and has a better screen, even if you have to wait and save money
it doesn't print!.i installed it as instructed in the manual but it gives me an error whenever i try to print a document from word.
awful support!.the product itself is decent and prints well, but jams when you try to print envelopes. or, if it doesn't jam, the envelopes come out looking crooked. i called tech support twice, and first they told me that they can't help me because it's not their problem that it's printing crooked, but a problem with the software...that, of course, wasn't true because i was using word, which is good with envelopes. the next time i called they told me that the envelopes i am using are too thick, which is also total garbage because i was using the most standard #10 envelopes in the world! they were just totally unhelpful!..if you don't plan on printing envelopes, or calling tech support, it's a very nice machine
isn't worth the package it's in.when i got this thing from ups it was in this huge box(parcel would have been easier for me and u)  i had trouble getting it from my nieghbor(whom owr ups deleverer always gets the wrong adress) and it turned out to be a peice of 50c junk.  thier is no picture here to describe it.  i will never buy another item without information on it when shopping online.  it consists of a squirt bottle filled with oil, a styrophoam sponge with two prongs and that is about it.  you run the pronged sponge down the grooves of your keys.  it does little to what is underneath the keys(cat hair, crumbs ect.)  i had paid a good eight bux for it(can get a dust vac for that!
problem with this product.i purchased this card to use with my garmin gpsmap 60csx.  but i wasn't able to download maps and after calling garmin, customer service told me they have had problems with the "ultra" card not working with my gps unit.  no problems with the regular sandisk card, but she said not to use the "ultra.
sandisk 2gb microsd.vendor was awesome, but card doesn't work in my phone. i had to buy another one in at best buy for a replacement, since i couldn't return to this vendor. it was too late
apparently overheats; also fails for other reasons - not recommended.i have had a good deal of trouble with the netgear wg111t wireless usb adapter -- for three reasons:..1. the netgear software spontaneously quits on my windows xp professional system...2. the adapter appears to overheat. as others have mentioned, it then has to cool off before working again...3. the netgear user support -- on the web and by phone -- is poor...windows is a hostile networking environment to begin with. microsoft has structured windows to make it difficult, often impossible, to network with non-windows computers. but even taking that into account, the netgear adapter is poor
not so good.the range of reception on this usb 108 wireless adapter is not strong or reliable. i have always had great reception and speed using my netgear 108 network card, but using the same computer and just changing to the usb adapter i have found that the reception and speed is not even an tenth as good as my original card. i will be returning the item. unfortunately my pc's standard internal wireless card is better and faster than the netgear usb.-- sorry
product and service are junk.i'm taking it back. the software doesn't work so you have to install through windows. the drivers (including the new one downloadable from netgear) cause stop errors and unpredictable reboots of both computers on my network. the drivers are clearly incompatible with xp. the adapter itself overheats.  i am very dissatisfied with this product and will replace it with another brand
wireless - not yet.unfortunately i am still unable to get it to work.  i am going to try one more thing and then it goes back if it still doesn't work
logitech knowingly releases bad product.how does a major company release a flagship product that is entirely incompatible with windows xp.... the operating system on the vast majority of computers in the world??  good question and one that logitech can't answer. if you run windows xp be prepared to have major crashes and lockups with this camera. i managed to get it running with thier latest "10.0" drivers from thier website but it's only stable as a usb 1 device....if i wanted a slideshow cam i would have paid 20 bucks logitech. all that said i believe it it a good product if you can get it to run...sooo up to you. i would not reccomend it until logitech has proven they can support it...lame-os
uncomfortable fit.this item was a poor fit for me.  the microphone always seemed to touch my face no matter how i adjusted it.  on the plus side, the in-line controls are easy to operate.  i ended up returning the product
poor quality.headphones broke two weeks after i bought them.   can only hear out of one side of them, only plus side to them is that the microphone hasn't broken yet
technical data incorrect..the technical data for the dvi connector is wrong.i was expecting to receive a 24 pin digital hdmi to dvi cable (right connector) as advertised, instead i received an 18 pin digital hdmi to dvi cable (right connector)
don't buy a magellan roadmate.i have been a magellan roadmate 700 owner for over 2 years now.  customer service is lousy, and that's being generous.  map upgrades cost $100 and still didn't have my home street.  this was after contacting navteq to have it added.  (my home street shows up in mapquest.)  thales/magellan customer support assured me the updated maps (april 2006) would have my street.  they didn't.  on top  of that, i had to purchase the ac adapter separately to install the update.  the ac adapater should be included and maps should be more reasonably priced.  starting today, the auto power cord is on the fritz.  the new software doens't remember my previous address if i turn my car off/restart.  i have go through the cumbersome menus to reselect it.  this  is a downgrade from the original function.  for $1,000, i expected a lot more than this.  i will be buying something from garmin for christmas to replace this piece of junk...i would give this thing 0 stars if it were a choice
another magellan goes wrong....i bought this just under two years ago for $1,000 and was quite happy with it until a couple of months ago.  it now regularly "freezes up" and often can't get a gps signal for 2 or 3 miles when i start out on a journey.   yesterday, the sound stopped functioning.  6 months after i purchased it, a screen appearted which stated that the maps in its system were "more than 12 months old" and invited me to purchase new ones...the price of this product is much more reasonable than when i originally purchased it, so as long as you'll be happy to buy a new one after a couple of years, it will probably work for you
no handle.nice product before they decided to save a few pennies - i have purchased seven, but now it is made with out the handle - so if that was part of the atraction of this case, note that the discription says 'sturdy padded handle' -- not!.5 stars if it still had the handle or if you don't need one
has sony given up their founder's spirit?.i bought one in nov 2004. serial number 5004653. 3 weeks ago, march 2006, 1 year and 3 months after the purchase, it was broken. it can't read data from media. i contacted customer support and heard it costs $19.95 to diagnose, and $150 to fix it. can you believe this????!!!!..when i bought it, it was $295 in circuit city, and just after 1 year, it is broken! don't buy this product! don't buy sony! i have a sony media center pc(vgc ra820g) that i bought 8 months ago, but one of its dvd drives was also broken several months ago...i have been a big sony fan, trusting them for more than 25 years, but not anymore. sony is no better than other brands. it's actually worse in computing devices field. ..don't waste your money on a sony product like me.
sony are unable to make reliable dvd drives.don"t buy this junk - as soon as microsoft updates any of thier os - your shiny new sony drive will be useless..my drive worked ok-ish (never great), that is until i upgraded to xp service pack 2 - then it never worked again (even just reading disks was impossible)..sony seem unable to get this area together. their drives have sooooo many lists of things which you must do to your system in order to get the drive to work properly - this is no plug and play product!! plus, if things go wrong, be prepared for lackluster product suppport and huge prices to fix things if you are a day or so out of warranty
pretty, but pretty flawed too.problems:..first:  the label on the drive indicates a drx-710ul, but windows shows dru-710a.  even the flash utility shows dru-710, and anyone that's flashed a mobo with the wrong version of firmware understands the need to be precisly accurate when dealing with such things. i finally realized the cause of the confusion (the guts are dru-710) but because of sony's laziness and/or incompetence i had to chew up valuable time trying to figure out if a dvd-writer problem was due to what turned out to be an irrelevant hardware designator...second, after installing all of the updates (up to and including byx5) the drive still takes 10 minutes to write a dvd.  the media is not the problem:  other drives are writing on the same media (ridata 16x) consistently at 16x...the 2 stars are because:..1.  it seems to reliably burn dvd data disks, albeit slowly..2.  it's purty..there's no excuse for a company the size of sony to create products with these types of flaws.
mac users be aware!.this product does not work with the software sony provides (toast 6 lite). you need to get toast 6 titanium that will cost you another $99. once you get toast 6 it works fine, but be careful what type of dvd-r you're using. it works fine with fuji and imation dual layer (probably verbatim as well) but it doesn't recognize memorex...may 3, 2006 update..it' doesn't work with cheap fuji either (pack of 50), so it's not a matter of the company that produce the dvd-rs, it's rather the quality of the dvds. funny thing is that i gave my cheap memorex and fuji dvds to a friend and they work fine on internal burner (windows)
software problem to be aware of.the machine works wonderfully, looks good; but people should be aware of a small, potent problem with the software.  if you have (say) an internal cd-rw drive, and you're running nero for it, this sony dvd burner comes with its own version of nero that wipes out your other version.  and, this version of nero will refuse to recognize a non-sony burner of any sort.  so, that's the end of your internal cd-rw drive!  i bought this sony for an office, intending to move it from machine to machine as needed, but this awful feature means i can't use it that way, because i would end up incapacitating everyone's cd burners.  so, i have to keep it dedicated to a single machine.  might as well have bought an internal!  what a design flaw, in an otherwise wonderful device!  whether or not this issue is of immediate concern to you, you really ought to be aware of it before you buy the machine
unreliable dvd player.i purchased three sonly slv-d370p dvd/vcr combos. of the three, two have had to be returned within the first 30 days because of the dvd player. all seems well until the dvd player freezes. then from that point on it refuses to load any dvd. it attempts to load for several minutes, then an error message appears on the screen stating that the disc cannot be read. avoid this unit
not user friendly.i have an antenna and plain tv so i can't comment about the quality of the product. however, the user interface is so awful that i regret buying this product. what should have been an easy setup was very frustrating due to the 114 page owners manual. there were setup instructions on pg 99 that i had to follow and even then the instructions were not complete. if i didn't have prior experience using a vcr, i would never have figured it out based on the manual. ..the auto clock set and auto channel set is not a big selling point. it only happens the first time you plug in the unit. there is a way to force the auto setup but the two features are tied together which is inconvenient. if the power goes out and you want to take advantage of the auto clock set, it will also reset the channels which forces you to manually add/delete channels, including the channel 3/4 you use to receive input from the player. ..in order to program the vcr recorder, you have to use the up/down buttons to enter all the info, it doesn't accept the number keys! the default minutes seems to start at 30, which.forces you to up/down to zero most of the time. very unfriendly!..plus there seems to be a 20 second record gap when you're recording 2 programs back to back - not sure if i'm understanding the manual correctly on this point...programming the vcr recorder is as far as i got. i was so aggravated by this whole experience so far that i had to stop and write this review. i've never used a dvd player before and i'm not looking foward to reading this manual as my intro. :
why so expensive at amazon??.it is advertised at fry's for $79 on aug. 28, 2006
adequate for listening/playback, unacceptable for recording!.this is a handy device to have if you are unsatisfied with your stock soundcard (or have no soundcard at all).  its handy usb plug-and-play connection and variety of inputs/outputs can expand or enhance your multimedia options.  sound is adequate to good and fidelity was noticeably better than the stock card in my dell inspiron 9100...like many other musicians, i have been exploring the possibilities of home recording, taking advantage of the huge leaps in technology (hardware, software, editing/mixing) and the accompanying huge drops in recording-related expenses, i.e., studio time.  my main pc is the aforementioned dell.  it's a heavy beast with plenty of hardware guts and speed...definitely in the desktop replacement category.  as such, outboard usb or pcmcia are the only options for add-on devices...unfortunately, this soundblaster product didn't make the grade in the recording arena, at least using adobe audition...the first hurdle was constant 'out of usb bandwidth' error messages.  this may not entirely be the fault of the soundblaster but it did become a deal-breaker...the second hurdle was latency.  usb 2.0 features respectable transfer rates but doing any overdubbing/multitracking was impossible.  the click track lagged behind the guide track, which lagged behind the other existing track(s).  in short, it was impossible to synchronize anything and i didn't fancy nudging tracks back and forth in an attempt to synch them up...to be fair, creative aims this product at a certain market segment and recommends the audigy line for recording and more intricate functionality.  so...i took their advice and exchanged for the soundblaster audigy 2 zs which has worked like a champ in all departments:  sound quality, speed and of course no usb bother
it's noisy and i found it useless.the software installed easily and the device seems to work, except that there's a lot of hum, crackle and static, which varies depending on where i move it around.  it seems to pick up noise from my laptop if it's anywhere nearby.  i couldn't play a cd without getting crackling noise on the percussive notes.  i went back and forth with creative labs support by email for a long time.  they kept sending me off to do long laborious useless procedures.  i finally returned it.  i hope to get a refund, but i may be stuck with this thing if they say it checks out ok and send it back to me. also, the software is minimal and the documentation is almost nonexistent, but for 45 bucks i could live with that.  but the sound quality makes this device useless as far as i'm concerned
cheaper alternatives available.if you look around, you can find a simple, matter of fact usb power adapter for the price of a cup of coffee
satisfactory but too slow..this dvr works ok.  but when it is recording, forget about changing channels.  it is really really slow and takes like forever to even receive any remote clicks. .broadband feature is nice; but usb doesn't come cheap. its like [...].
wide screen recording.there is one, but serious flaw in this dvd recorder which is not spelled out very well in the instruction manual.  if you want to record widescreen material and have it play back in widescreen format, you must use a dvd-ram disk.  although it will record using dvd-r and other formats, if you use them to record a widescreen image, it will pay back in a squished full screen image. i think this should have been noted prominently in the instruction material
total junk.hooked it up and picture was horrible - worse than the old vcd format if you remember that and way worse than vhs - poor colors, tons of blocking etc.  if i put sidways pressure on the 1/8 jack it would get a slight bit better but not much.  by contrast if i use the cable that came with my sony camcorder (just switch the red and yellow connectors to mate up with the apple non-standard configuration) the image is quite good for composite video...i just tossed it in the trash
unit did not work with my direct tv.this unit did not work at all with my direct tv receiver. i have a new direct tv hd-tivo dvr-250. it's an all in one unit. after hooking it up correctly, i could not receive any satellite signal. removed this surge protector and everything went back to normal. i don't think it supports everything. better check before you buy
a bad substitute for table mate.i received 2 tables from wonderful buys.com.  they shipped it in the original packaging and it was severely torn and ripped.  i also found the product cheaply made.  the table part is warped and will not stay flat...these are going back to wonderful buys!  next time i'll buy the brand name table mate.  the reviews for it seem pretty positive
ez tables are junk.i ordered 5 of these for use in my home.  they all came in beat up, almost destroyed boxes.  the first one was all scratched up.  although they seem to show that there is a level surface, there is no level position so that is hard to use it as an eating table (my soda bottle kept sliding down to the end).  in the instructions it appears that there is a level position and two downward positions.  instead there is one upward position at such an angle that it is impossible to use for any purpose, and two downward positions.  i would not recommend this product
disappointing.we are looking for a replacement portable color tv/am/fm for an.old ge that we've used daily for over a dozen years.  this jensen.is unfortunately not it...the picture and sound are poorer than the ge's, tuning is .completely manual, and there are no presets.  on the plus side,.the jensen is smaller and lighter, and has audio/video/cable inputs.  it also has an ac adaptor, and a 12v cord/adaptor for use in a car...i expect that i'll use it for setting up my surround sound.system, then give it to our church for the upcoming rummage sale
no more memorex products for me.after my experience with a memorex traveldrive, i am never going to buy a memorex product again.  i do not trust the company.  the u3 technology on the traveldrive apparently overwrote or modified some system files on my computer and a card reader stopped functioning.  after spending several hours trying to deal with it, i ended up hiring a professional to get things working again (and paid four times the cost of the traveldrive).  the traveldrive also apparently put some programs on my computer in a hidden way that reinstalls the u3 junk on the traveldrive if i remove it.  i got the traveldrive planning to use it to transfer files between computers but i would never expose another computer to this.  this should have a rating of minus 5.
i'm baffled by the other reviews.i found these speakers to be thin and at times shrill on the high end and heavy on the bass, with the middle range almost entirely missing on certain types of music. if you listen to just rock, then they're fine, but if you like a broader range of music, these speakers will disapoint. i learned my lesson about buying speakers online--i'm going to return these and purchase at a store where i can listen and compare before i make a decision.
vonage is a sinking ship.i had vonage since april, 2006. i finally switched back to qwest after unending problems and hours and hours on the phone (my cell phone, as my vonage line didn't work) with tech support. here is my experience: ..1) it took about 2 months and about 2 hours on the phone for them to switch my existing phone # over to vonage. don't be too excited about getting the first month free- if your moving an existing number it will take about that long to get it switched over. ..2) after my number was finally switched over, outgoing calls were constantly being dropped after about 20-30 seconds. incoming calls would also be dropped occasionally after about a minute. this resulted in having to call the person back, saying "sorry the call was dropped- we switched to this cheaper phone service and have been having problems...." .this is with the highest speed cable internet service available (8mbps download, 600kbps upload) and a wireless 'g' system which has provided top notch internet service consistently while i had vonage problems. i spent no less than 4 - 5 calls and over 5 hours on the phone with tech support trying to fix the problem. after talking with tech support, sometimes the problem would be fixed temporarily- while i was on the phone with them- but return shortly thereafter. ..3) as a result of the problems i had, i asked to be credited for the months in which my phone service was not working. be warned, they are very hard-nosed about providing any credits for poor or no service. i spoke to a tech support person about getting a credit for a month of no service, and he told me to wait until the problem had been fixed so they could determine how much credit should be given. after the problem had been fixed (temporarily), i called back and they told me they could only provide credit for the current month, not previous months of no or poor service. they are not customer friendly about providing refunds for poor or no service. ..4) finally, in september, still with dropped calls from vonage, i switched back to qwest to get reliable phone service. i found customer service there has improved and is much better than vonage. and they gave me 3 months free promotion for coming back. ..in the end, i am happy to pay the extra $10/month (after the first 3 months free) to get phone service that works. i notice that $5 of the extra cost is for fees, etc. that the phone company has to charge but vonage does not, which is unfortunate. in any case, i guess you get what you pay for. ..one last thing: vonage has never made a profit and many business analysts say with their current business plan, they never will. this means eventually they will either go out of business, or have to raise rates. ..save yourself the problems i had- pay the extra $ to get phone service that works.
vonage is a scam.we started using vonage in feb. 2006 and we could never get it to work, their tech support would always tell us to unplug the box and we neede a faster internet connection, finally after 4 months of fighting it we went back to our local provider...then every month we were still getting charged for our vonage service.  vonage would tell us that they never received the cancellation calls and that we were still using the service(which was disconnected from our computer) they lie through their teeth and we still haven't resolved the issue.  do a search on vonage complaints and you'll see we aren't the only ones
horrible product, just plain horrible. please don't buy this!!!.it takes 6 weeks to transfer your old # to connect this same # to the vonage line. (yes, you need to wait 6 weeks to be able to use your old #. in the meantime, you get a temporary #, which doesn't make sense giving out to people coz it's gonna change again in 6 weeks - but if you don't give it to them, how are they going to be able to call you? ... but why would you give them a temporary # in the first place??? grrrr ...) then there's customer service people that speak with a heavy accent that i couldn't understand, which makes everything about vonage incomprehensible. (this should have been a flag for me, but i believe i'm an educated consumer, and what they couldn't give me over the phone, i did my own research.) and if it's not on the net, they give you incorrect information (be sure to call at least 6 times if you want to cancel your account; otherwise they will keep charging you). follow through with everything they say because what is on their records could be inaccurate, like what happened to me. do not contact them through their email system. it's a miracle if you don't get an automated response. and even when you do, be sure to call them still, and make sure that what they emailed to you is the same as what is staring at the rep's face. also, equipment is very unuser friendly. don't use it if you want to keep it simple, and that you just want to press a button to check your messages. you have to go through more than 3 people to ask your questions from setup to billing. unfair and unlawful, that's what they will do to you. if i could rate this 0, that's what it would get. it doesn't even deserve one star
pap2 is locked into vonage.there are dozens of service providers out there with different options but the pap2 is locked to vonage.  you can't use any other provider unless you can get the unlock password from vonage (which they won't give you) and reprogram your pap2.  buy the pap2-na instead which isn't locked
vonage vs this product.i just want to say i've have had vonage for more then two years and had my phone number transferred to them. my vonage service has been excellent with very few problems...i was considering purchasing this item, but have decided against is because of the reviews. the reason i posted this review is because people are knocking vonage because of there experience with their service using this product. i do agree if this product is so bad vonage should stop marketing this device and they are responsible. ..it sounds like the issue is this equipment. i am using the motorola vonage adapter with no issues.
never trust this product..i bought this product less than a year ago. 2 days ago, i locked my laptop and tried to unlock it.  but i couldn't.  it was somehow messed up and the combination did not work.  i had to cut it!!!  i don't know how it got messed up but i'm sure that it was not study enough to last long
have an ibook? don't buy this lock!.i posted a review two weeks ago, but it hasn't appeared, so i'm trying again...i bought this lock two years ago.  it has always been difficult to remove.  (note:  despite what some other reviewers seem to think, it does not have a motion detector - that's a different lock.)  recently, the lock decided to remain firmly inside my ibook, despite my efforts to remove it.  after a fruitless call to targus's customer support, i finally got it out.  that took over 30 minutes of struggle.  my next step was going to be purchasing a hack saw.  apparently, the targus lock is not a good fit for ibooks.  i'm going to send mine back and demand compensation.  if you own an ibook, i strongly suggest you buy a lock made by someone other than targus
targus pa400u defcon 1 ultra notebook computer security system.i had this for approximately 2 years. it worked fine for couple of months but suddenely started to activate the alarm without any disturbances. one day i left my laptop attached the alarm in my office for about half an hour. during this period, the alarm was activated and i was embarrased to face my office workers. this is without increasing the sensitivity of the alarm. i sent it back to targus and they were nice enough to give me a new alarm. but after several months, it started the same problem.. so, now i am afraid to use this security system with my laptop. but i did not face problems like changing the combination by its own. you can use it without the alarm activation (i.e: without batteries) but the cable is so thin, it is not recommended to protect any valubles
lock changes combination by itself - do not buy.i have been using this lock for a few months without changing the combination. suddenly i could no longer open it as it appears that the lock has changed its combination by itself. ..i called engineering in the hotel i was staying in to help me. it took them less than a minute to cut the cable with ordinary pliers.
once it's on it may never come off..while i don't have any evidence to refute the package claim that it "attaches to any notebook",  once attached to my son's computer it was almost impossible to remove.  it took 10 minutes to get it off and we were pulling so hard i thought we would damage the computer.   we will be returning it.  not recommended
changing combos.i am a student living in a dorm situation and so wanted some basic protection for my lap top computer.  i purchased the defcon cl because it was inexpensive, widely availible, and easy to use.  unfortunately, it has one major drawback, occasionally it decides to change the number combinationss which unlock it.  i went to the company website and they suggested trying the numbers immediately around the combination and if that failed trying all the number combinations possible (there are 10,000).  several hours, one blister, and 1787 combinations later, i got frustrated and used a jewelers saw to cut through the connection to my computer (this solution took only five minutes).  i would not suggest this lock to anyone who lacks the patience to try trial and error experimentation until they reach the correct combination, nor anyone attending a school with a metalsmithing program
do you ship in italy?.i wont know il you ship two headset for motorola talkabau
wrong item shipped.ordered the creative labs webcam instant and paid quickly, but received the wrong item.  shipping was fast, but item was wrong.  girlfriend received the logitech quickcam chat webcam instead and showed poorer quality.  was really unsatisfied, but didn't want to hassle with sending item back.  sorry for responding so late.  will not be ordering from again
need the linksys router.this would never stay connected over the simplest things.  the only way to reconnect to the internet is to uninstall and reinstall the program disc every time.  when you would seek help, they would ask you to do something with the router...key being linksys's router.  the adapter would probably would great if you got that.  if you don't, don't bother
not durable.my wife used hers no more than 4 times and it burned up.  she was not using very heavy at one time.  this unit was just not up to standards we set, but for the money, i guess you get what you pay for...invest in a more expensive unit.
over hyped - no support, no real maps.this device is nearly useless without buying the garmin maps which are considerably more than the initital device. garmin's web site leaves out quite a bit of info and guidance on what products can work together. i'm very tech savy and get nearly all gadgets going without issue; this is a big time exception. also, when you call the 800 numbers on the site, they are disconnected or busy.  the local number got me through but then on hold for nearly an hour...be cautious and research the device carefully.  i suspect many of the glowing reviews are placed by garmin marketing folks...i gave this one star and that is really a bit high...good luck, wish i had somthing nice to say
questionable reliability, lacking interface.this product functioned well for about 3 years when it cost about 3 to 4 times what it costs now. unfortunately, the all the connections had been so unreliable that we bought a new (ethernet only) router, despite performing several power cycles and days of troubleshooting...we bought a basic linksys ethernet router and hooked the wireless up to it with the hope that they would connect with each other easily and at least the wired computers would be able to connect reliably. it worked, but only after days of troubleshooting. ultimately we had to set static ip addresses for each of the computers, play around with the tcp/ip protocols on the computers, set the uploaded router's ip address to a different number than what was instructed on the linksys website, and dealt with other nitpicky problems such as setting one router to dchp and the other to static and setting all the correct variables. (apparently linksys thinks its consumers are willing to understand the difference between an ip address, subnet, gateway, dns, dhcp routing and static routing.) this problem was so difficult it required the work of two graduates from the rochester institute of technology (one of whom is solely responsible for a retail website whose biggest customer is microsoft) and a software engineer. individuals with only basic computer backgrounds will have a much more difficult time!..my only other complaint is with the interface. the linksys support staff insist that it's easy to use, but i can promise you that it is not. it provides explanations that are virtually meaningless even to advanced users...if you're looking for a reliable, easy to use product, this ain't it. but if you're shopping for the cheapest product or if you have extensive networking experience, then this may be a steal for you
a load of rubbish.wish i had read these reviews. couldn't get it to work at all and the customer support (sic) was useless! taking it back tomorro
an incredible waste of money and time..i am returning this router tomorrow.  not only is the setup completely non-functional, getting someone on the telephone from technical "support" that actually speaks english is completely impossible.  i just hope that i can keep from smashing the thing with a hammer until i can return it tomorrow.  do not waste your money or your time on this product
worst.  product.  ever..quite possibly the worst piece of electronics i've ever owned.  all the previous reviews here sum it up.  i normally embrace technology with open arms and try to calmly work my through problems and learn from them, but this is the first time i have simply wanted to pull an office space on something.  i'm not exactly it savvy and though all the problems i was having with it constantly dropping my connection  were my fault or my isp's fault, but now i know it really is the router.  comcast almost charged me for making them come out to try to fix something that they had no business trying to fix, but did i know that?  no.  and of course linksys' tech support is no help, as every time i called with the same issue on the same case #, they gave me the exact same advice.  that's the definition of stupidity, isn't it?: doing the same thing twice and expecting change.  ugh.  the only reason this isn't in the bottom of the trash can in pieces is because my roommate refuses to give up her wireless "convenience."  c'est la vie
not worth owning!!.i purchased this router in april 2006 along with a brand new computer.  the installation process was very easy.  from the first day i owned the computer, it would crash for no known reason.  the error report indicated that a driver from recently installed software was causing the problem.  after two months of lost connections, not being able to connect at all, and slow connections, i threw the router away.  i purchased another linksys router which was more expensive.  since i have installed the new router, my computer has not crashed, my internet connection is extremely fast and i have never lost a connection.  don't waste your money on this router; it will only cause frustration.  spend the extra money on a more reliable unit.
a manual duplex mess!.i upgraded from the 1440. to be honest, i'll probably go back to the 1440! although the 2040 is faster, it is a mess in manual duplex mode, which i use often. it wrinkles the paper, gets the pages out of order, and pulls two pages through at once. i've emailed brother to complain. this is truly a disappointment in a brother product
hard to tell... can't get it to print.having previously purchased  used a brother hl-1440 over the past couple of years, i got a deal on this brother hl-2040 thinking it would be a nice 2nd laser printer for home.  once i finally found time to hook it up, i was unable to get either a test page or any documents to print. all it kicks out are blank pages.  tried connecting it to both mac  windows computers without any success. tried different usb cables, re-installed drivers, shook the starter toner cartridge, etc. no luck getting any successful prints yet.  emailed brother tech support  got a suggestion for resetting the printer, but still no success. could possibly be a faulty toner cartridge, but at this point i'm still dealing with brother support trying to find a solution.  an incomplete experience so far, but rather disappointing
i regret buying it!.i bought a etrex vista c and a mapsource cd for my recent trip to those national parks and i deeply regret it! forgive my english, for i am not a native speaker, and my negtive attitude because of my frustration. .first of all, i couldn't download mapsource onto the unit, even with professional help. i contacted a support crew, who is friendly and patient, and followed his step-by-step instructions. no luck. then i had a computer engineer to help me with the whole process. same result. the reason is, the usb driver that garmin provide via their website does not work! at least for me. i planned my trip from more than 10 thousand miles away counting on the garmin etrex vista c, and it simply let me down! could you imagine how frustrated and angry i was, especially when i got lost and wasted precises time and energy?.secondly, the unit lost signal too readily. it lost signal in the woods on california and oregon coast line, on high land of yesemite tioga road, on rainier's park way, let alone those deep canyons and valleys. it even lost signal several times when i put it into my pocket or hung it around my neck! the more you need it at those critical points, the more likely the unit lost its signal!.thirdly, it is not precise enough. i drove alone the park way back and forth in yesemite valley, the readings swinged significantly when i passed the same point. this does matter if one is on a open area or a road, however, this could be disastrous if one depends on it to navigate in dense, remote areas while hiking. ..bottom line: my experience with this product is anything but pleasant.
dead amp.systematic failure?  my amp died within 2 months of purchase without ever being played at high volumes.  the customer service rep said the failure rate was only 3%.  only 3%?  for a stereo product, that's a ridiculous rate.  1 in 33 will get a bad apple.  ..still, customer support seems unwilling to acknowledge that this is a problem, even though if you read the klipsch forums and the amazon comments, this product must have a higher failure rate than others.  i even offered to downgrade to a cheaper system rather than getting a repair, and they said no...i returned my amp and received no communication from klipsch for a month.  finally decided to call them, and they pleasantly informed me that the amp is on backorder and i'd have to wait another month before they received the part.  apparently, they didn't feel the need to tell me.  i had to ask.  so i will have gotten 2 months of use out of a product in the first 4.5 months of ownership.  meanwhile, the warranty is ticking.  this company is atrocious.  i would never do business with them again
my amp bites the dust.!.i have to add to the reviews on the amps in these failing. i purchased my promedia speaker system through dell on 10/04. recently the sound quit working. i finally got dell to send out.a rep to replace the sound card...only to learn it wasn't the sound card but the amp located in the subwoofer...needless to say....i am not a happy camper having to send back the amp to klipsch along with $90 to replace it. i bought the top of the line speakers thinking that not only will they sound great (they do), but last for years(which reading other reviews and doing some research they don't). ..i'll give klipsch 'one shot'at making this right in hopes that the next amp lasts much longer than this one did. if not...will never buy another klipsch product again
i'm luckier than most - mine failed after 2 years.well -- i was sastified with this for two years, but today i went to turn them on and all i got was muffled sound, clicking, and distortion.  sounds like i have the exact same amp failure as everybody else.  treat klipsh products as what they are -- disposable
they only lived for 16 months.do not buy.  sounded great but died just past the warranty period of 1 year.  klipsch has yet to respond to support questions after one week.  definitely no repeat business from me
klipsch customer service is as lousy as it's product.i purchased a set of 2.1 pro media speakers from the vaunted klipsch between 6-7 months ago. i bought them at an apple store, which was my first mistake because the store is 60 miles from me...right out of the box the subwoofer had a rattle/buzz that was audible on some tunes i listen to (most notably enya and other hearts of space artists). i decided that the expense of running back and forth between apple was not cost effective. besides, other than the small intermittent rattle of the sub, the speakers were great. so i decided to keep them...i continued to enjoy them over the weeks, but the rattle worsened until about 3 months ago when it became quite pronounced. then, this past week, the sub had a major melt-down. now it just buzzes, more or less. it barely produces any accurate sound at all. i believe there is a tear in the woofer cone, but i cannot be certain without further testing...i called klipsch and voivd my concerns, whereupon the returns department promptly told me to stick it, in so many words. they said if i wanted to find a box for the sub, pack it up, drive to ups and pay the shipping to send it to them they would gladly "repair" it. look, it is not as if i have the time to do all of that. i think klipsch knows this, too. i barely have the time to do this review, but it matters more to me than getting this speaker fixed at this point. so i choose to write this review instead, in hopes that it will discourage any of you from spending a dime on a klipsch product...i spoke to several people at klipsch, and they all were incredibly unwilling to assist me in any way other than to offer to repair it and frankly, i don't want a repair. i want a new friggin subwoofer. after reading these reviews, i think a repair job isn't worth the paper the ra is printed on. one person (paul) at klipsch actually laughingly told me "it's all in the warranty" so many times i wanted to  smack him. he was so arrogant and smug. his tone with me should have been my first clue that klipsch was not a company to do business with...basically, klipsch has this "it's all in the warranty" policy set up rather nicely. in fact, i would call it a racket. they must know that few of us are likely to send anything in the mail to them, so they have no real incentive to build a lasting pc-based product that will work. why spend the extra money on developing a superb product when you will never have to stand behind it in the first place?..instead, they build [...], knowing that when the [...] breaks, they don't have anything to worry about because the odds are that no one will go to the trouble to ship anything costing $300.00 or less back to klipsch. it is just more money in their pockets. it's called planned obsolescence, folks, and klipsch has it down to an art when it comes to their multimedia line...as an aside, i have a set of altec lansing 2.1's that are 8 years old and they work flawlessly and they sound great and only cost $79.00. one guy i spoke with at klipsch actually had the nerve to say that altec lansing was not as good as klipsch. hahah that is rich. and here i sit with a klipsch product that didnt make it past 7 months, and my brother is upstairs loving the [...] out of the al i gave to him...the way i see it, the altec lansing is 100x better than klipsch. i wish i had kept the al set i gave to my brother. i feel like a sucker who got the shaft at this point. thanks klipsch!..don't buy anything from klipsch. they will not stand behind your purchase, they will not stand behind their product. i would suggest you try altec lansing. from my experience they are building their products to last and you will have far fewer problems with them...by the way, one poster on this page was right: klipsch is discontinuing the pro media line. whether or not they intend to replace it with something better is something that even klipsch cannot, or will not, tell you. the guy i spoke to told me that the whole industry is moving away from pc speaker systems because of the ipod. lol...maybe he should give the folks at creative labs, altec lansing, cambridge soundworks, bose et al. a call, and try to sell them that line of bs. personally, i don't think the guy had a shred of an idea of what he was talking about
missing volume control.i didn't even get to try these speakers out. the on/off/volume control was missing in the box. also, there is a warning sticker on the bottom of the sub stating that there is no magnetic field protection around the unit. so i guess you really shouldn't place them too close to your computer?????.well, mine are being returned, no replacement for me..i will look for another brand, probably altec lansing
don't waist your time.i found this  phone did some research and all sounded good. i was looking for new cordless phones. these were nice looking and a fair price but to my major disappointment they were not at all what i had hoped. we charged them for the time specified and on my very 1st call i was about to throw the hand set out the window . there was a terrible echo in the phone and after just 45 min of use it was telling me i needed to recharge the handset. if you turned the volume down you lose the echo but also the ability  to hear the person you are talking to. in a nut shell i took the phone back after 3 days and paid $10.00 more for an att set and have been beyond happy ... just one more added note one other reason i picked these was because i have a wireless network and was told a 5.8hz would work better... well they didnt and the att set i bought are 2.4ghz and work wonderful
i never got the item.after being put off by amazon severaltimes and waiting too long to order this paper from another source, amazon told me they wouldn't be sending it. i had to settle for an inferior product from another source
misleading and confusing.i ordered the "md7001 2 line phone" being a novice to this i thought i was getting a cordless 2 line phone. what i actually got was a 2 line handset that requires a base unit for it to work. this info should be prominently displayed in their description. i am returning it because i feel it is a form of deception to not properly describe the item in its main heading. it says digital cordless 2-line phone. it should say digital cordless 2-line handset. after reading some of the reviews of this and their other products, i decided i didn't want motorola crapola
not so good.i ordered this phone in hopes it would do what i needed. blech! the reception was lousy and didn't have the features i needed. i couldn't see the screen at all - it was always at the wrong angle. i'm returning this item. still looking for a good replacement for my siemens gigaset 2120... will keep looking.
i returned this item...not functional.this item was not practical. it looked good but not being able to zip the sides all the way down because of the cute water bottles was not very functional
professional heavy backpack.i purchased the backpack and thought the many compartments would be great.  however there is not as much room for documents and folders and i thought.  the padding is great for laptop protection.  the backpack is very heavy and hurts my back when carrying through an airport.the style and look is good function is poor
worst headphones ever!!!.i got these headphones because of the reviewsm saying how great they were. well, who ever thinks these headphones are great must out of their minds (no offense). these headphones have horrible sound quality, can hardly hear anything, they always fall out of my ears, even after i found the right earpiece. the slightest tug on the cord and they fall out. also the behind the head cord thing is really a bugger. in my opinion these headphones are the worst [...] headphones i have ever purchased
aweful headphones!.these headphones are so expensive and they are aweful! i dont remember if it was the left or the right but one side of the cord is longer than the other; its very annoying! i tried to loosen it and the wire was showing, what a piece of s***. its very annoying because the ear bud fell out when i listened to music and it doesnt feel comfortable. also the rubber on the ear bud falls off very easily. they are too expensive for a piece of junk! the only reason i rate it two stars is because the sound is great on the headphones. instead purchase the sony srf-hm01v s2 sports walkman street style headphone radio. i purchased those after these fell apart and they are much better :)
horrible, tinny sound.being a bit picky, i don't normally get something like this without being able to try it first, but i decided for the price, and based on the generally positive reviews here, i'd give them a try.  i didn't expect to have any problems with them other than fit...well, they fit just fine and were fairly comfortable for in-canal phones, but the sound quality was *atrocious*.  so bad, that i thought something had happened with my eq settings.  the highs are so incredibly tinny, and there was a complete lack of lows.  (and yes, i did have them all the way in my ear.)  i even tried them with a variety of devices, desperate to like them, but they just sounded far too bad (and significantly worse than my standard ipod headphones, i played the same song with each, and they weren't even close)...they're attractive looking and fit well, but ultimately i want my music to sound good!  or in this case bearable, these sounded so bad i didn't even want to listen to my favorite artists.  i'm going to try the senns next, the shures are too pricey for me
memory unusable.the 1gb memory stick pro purchased on the website as being applicable to my sony camera is wrong for this t-9 camera and needs to be returned and a proper memory stick shipped to my new home address.  this camera was a gift to cover the move to our new home and it has turned out to have been a real disappointment having purchased this camera from amazon rather than a camera shop. ..new address: 2430 myrtle ave., sanford, fl 3277
worthless.these screen protectors are entirely worthless for the following reasons...1. not sized correctly.  ok... its not all that difficult to cut it to size.  but when you do so it's impossible to get the darn thing off the paper backing without smudging...2. way too sticky.  these things pick up everything and it won't come off. that includes rouge hairs, dust, even oils from your fingers...3. nearly impossible to install without air bubbles...4. the above complications make the product worthless because the "protection" causes so much screen compromise that a few scratches on the actual screen would be far far preferable.  ..try a different product or just be careful.  anything is better than this
not recommended.the design is clever.. but really doesn't work well... you must extend both the headphones and the audio jack at the same time or else the cords get tangled up(the instructions on the box state this).. but that's a pain. ..the metal aligator clip is in a terribly unuseful place - 2.5 inches from the audio jack...the worst thing about this product is that the length of the headphones is way too short. fully extended it's only about 3 ft long. the sony headphones i currently have are almost 6 ft long...the extra length is absolutely necessary..this pair will be going back to amazon
save your money.get an olympus that plugs directly into your comptuer instead! ..the original recorder that i ordered back in august was this sony. in order to hook it up to your computer you need the software that comes with the recorder and a cable. if you misplace the cd and need to load it onto your computer again then you are out of luck because it is very difficult to find the software on-line (i am good at finding that kind of stuff and i never found it). the recording quality was ok (not as good as the olympus). after a few months and a lot of time spent transferring the files to my computer and then converting them to mp3 format (if you don't convert them then the file size is huge), i ended up borrowing my mom's (cheap in comparison) "olympus digital voice recorder with direct pc link as a back up and i have not gone back. my $150 (i think i paid more over the summer) sony recorder now sits in my bag and i only use the $79.99 "olympus digital voice recorder with direct pc link". i would give it away but it is such a pain i don't think people would put up with it for long even if it was free...switching to the olympus has saved me so much time and the end recordings are so much better. ..i highly recomend an olympus instead
background noice is too high to handle.background noice is too high to handle. i am not a newbie for using voice recorder. i got my first jnc one on 1999. that one was broken days ago. frankly, my jnc is a lot better than this one on sound quality issue but a little bit cheaper. (i use st mode, the best mode of sony, the background is still loud, also the file size per se is so dreadful to a 128m memory.)..i did some research on voice recoder online before jump. eventually, i decided to focus on olympus ds2 and sony icd-sx46. sine ds2 is in a huge size and 64m memory, i risk this one even though some sounds have mentioned its background noise problem. i thought they do not know how to operate it. i am wrong!!! i tried any possible approach to lower down the background noise, no way to beat it! the file's sound quality is not better than those wav files recorded by my creative zen nano plus mp3 player. ..since the design is ok and nice-looking, so i don't give 1 or 0 star. if just for sound quality, it deserves minus stars...in addition, the manual is the most horrible one in the whole world, it is like a huge piece of junk newpaper...do not buy it!..------.i don't know how the earlier reviews are so high...cons:.0. ***background noice is too high to handle..1. you cann't go forward or backward when you pause the file, it will jump to another file..2. you can not go in a file from the end, that is so horrible for a long record..3. mp3 feature is a piece of junk, you only can upload files in special bps and hz. if you convert the file into sony's junk format, indeed, it will be in smaller file size but the sound is too dry to stand..4. without backlight, it is really stupid..5. 'digital voice editor 2' distributed with recorder has a big flaw. when you save a sound file to pc, it uses the current pc time to sign the file, the time of file recorded is totally lost. my jnc's software, which is created 6 years ago, can keep the time recorded when files are exported to pc. sony is really lousy...pros:.it is good-looking, if you want to use it to attract attention...all in all, since it is very inconvenient to play sound files in this small "gadget", it is just a recoder with a lousy record quality...------.11/01/2006.after using it for a couple of weeks, i came back to add some things...1. the proprietary file format of sony is very inconvenient..2. the player does not show the file length when you play it or switch to it. also, switching the display mode by menu is so clumsy. several times, it causes i delete files incorrectly. ..i feel weird, why 3 people disagree with me. why you don't point out some highlights of it. (except for it is from a japanese company and nice-looking)
poor product in a sleek design.the compact and sleek design of this product makes one eager to buy it.  however, i highly recommend against purchasing a non-self powered kvm.  it draws too much power from notebook usb ports, causing windows to disable to mouse as soon as you use the keyboard.  there is a hesitation on desktop machines when you switch from the keyboard to the mouse and back again.  this is mostly an annoyance, but can get you killed if you happen to be playing a first person shooter. "medic!" by plugging one of the cables into a powered usb hub, you can work around the power issues.  this almost seems to be more trouble than its worth, though.  when plugged into a powered usb, the sniffng no longer works and you can only have one machine powered on at a time, essentially defeating the purpose of having a kvm. the ports also seem to lock up frequently, and it is no easy task to enter "hot key" mode.  ..all in all, this is a poor product and not worth half the asking price. i returned it after a week of testing
worse than nothing.i made the mistake of buying this switch because i liked the way it appears to stack under my mac mini. unfortunately, the size of the device is too small for neat cable management. sure, you'll have a pile of cables sticking out the back, but you'll also have a pile of cables sticking out the side!..ignoring aesthetics, another problem with device is how finicky it is. my other computer is a shuttle pc (nforce2 chipset), and the usb signal from the switch was almost never recognized. the best time it ever "worked", the keyboard and mouse blinked on and off for a few seconds every 30 seconds...even though every other usb device i have works flawlessly with the shuttle, i decided to drop in a usb card to see what happens. it seems to have solved the problem, but this is not something that i should have to do...sadly, the switch is still not working 100% correctly. i have a wireless mouse, and very so often it just stops working. i have to unplug and plug in the dongle in order for it to be recognized again. others have reported issues with wireless devices as well. perhaps the switch just draws too much power? other switches i have seen have a power connection, but this one does not...oh, and did i also mention that this switch frequently drops keystrokes? it sometimes tries to make up for this by repeating another keystroke indefinitely...sadly, manually moving cables around is less of an irritation than using this switch. i've had problems in the past with kvm switches, and iogear has proven that they too are incompetent
problem with dell optiplex gx 620  (mfg date 03-2006).this switch does not work for two of my machines at work (both are dell optiplex gx 620, mfg date 03-2006)...the switch drops key strokes frequently and sometimes a key stroke is repeated several times when typeing.  if the active machine is left idle for a while, both keynoard and mouse will be lost.  one has to hit [scrlk] [scrlk] [enter] to switch to other machine and swithc back to re-establish connectivity...the keyboard used in this case is microsoft natural 4000 and optical mouse 5000...contacted the iogear tech support, and the representitive acknowledged that this is a known problem with dell optiplex gx 620s (due to the chipsets on motherboard)...returned the item and bought a miniview 4-port (gcs1774), which works wonderfully.
fun factor?.this thing is not a whole lot of fun.  the software is remarkably slow since it is web-based and every click needs to be registered with logitech.  and there is no way to revert to a previous configuration if you make any changes.  which is where things get really frustrating.  the remote is capable of controlling pretty much everything ir-based.  but the software really requires a good deal of set up if you are as anal-retentive as i am.  there are a lot of commands that the remote thinks it can do but that it can't actually do.  for a simple example, take another logitech product, the z680 speakers.  the software thinks that it can choose a specific input, like "s/pdif" or "digital coaxial", so it creates buttons for those inputs.  however, the z-680 control pod only lets you cycle through the possible inputs.  so the buttons that the software creates are meaningless and non-functional.  and that is with another logitech product.  my sony tv had 52 buttons created for it.  about 8 actually worked.  so i went through and deleted each button from the configuration.  each deletion takes several mouse clicks.  each mouse click takes several seconds.  and then repeat that process for the other 9 devices i wanted to set up.  in the end, i'm very frustrated, but the remote does almost everything i want it to.
hardly worth the bother.although the soft silicone case makes the player look a fair bit cooler, the actual quality of it is very poor. by the end of the third week the belt clip had ripped off of mine, and i ended up keeping the player in my pocket instead. i wouldn't recommend anyone to spend the money on this one
not particularly impressive.living in an urban area may have affeceted its performance, but the sound quality just wasn't there, there was always a background hiss  poor reception
very disappointed.when i first recieved this item, it functioned "ok". it worked every now and then. lots of static and interruption. after having it only about a month or so, it started to fall apart... literally. all of the pieces came unglued and the item was forever destroyed. i had high hopes, but it turned out that it was just another cheaply-made transmitter. not worth the $60 i paid. very disappointed
disappointed with the sound.i have the new koss portapro's and the small koss titatium headphones which i purchased from amazon a few weeks ago. they sound real good and are small enough to take with you any where..so i though, why not order the koss pro4aat phones to use in my house only with various audio devices. i have tried them with a sterio 100 watt amplifier, portible radio, telivision and cd players.  after using the smaller and cheaper koss phones first they are obviously much better sounding, and do not weigh a lot..i will never order koss products with out trying them first..don't be fooled in thinking these might be great by ordering them thru the internet and being disappointed about them.
what happened to koss quality?.i had high hopes for these headphones.  i owned a pair twenty years ago and loved them.  these, however, have been a terrible disappointment: they simply sound awful.  i don't know if i've gotten more discriminating over the years, if koss has degraded in quality, or maybe i've gotten a lemon.  perhaps it's a combination of all three...these are the complaints i have:..first, the bass is present, but completely lacking in "punch" and bottom end.  it sounds almost like there is a roll-off filter set for about 100 hz and below.  you can hear the bass notes clearly and cleanly, but there is absolutely no depth to them.  the sound is somewhat like if you turned the bass control knob on your amp all the way to the left: the bass notes are there, but they have absolutely no "meat" whatsoever.  ..second, the midrange seems slightly recessed, and the highs are exaggerated, actually painfully so.  to my ears the top end seems to have a huge bump at about 9,000 hz, and at higher volumes the top distorts easily.  overall the sound is harsh and brittle.  i was so disappointed when i first listened to them i did an extended "burn-in" of about 45 hours hoping that would help, but it didn't.  overall, i would have to say these are the worst sounding pair of headphones i have ever heard in my life.  i have a $5.00 pair of ear-buds from wal-mart that perform better...as a point of reference i compared the kosses to a pair of bose tri-ports and the boses won hands-down.  actually they weren't even in the same league:  it was cadillac versus vw beetle.  the tri-ports have a wonderfully smooth, detailed, crisp sound that is neither harsh nor edgy.  "warm" and "sensual" are two adjectives that come to  mind.  the one draw-back on the boses is the bass tends to be a bit bloated sounding (i think i hear a pronounced bump around 70 hz).  ..one upside to the kosses is they're are built like a tank.  i can see them lasting a long time.  and, as an added plus, koss has a life-time warranty it actually stands behind.  ..again, considering that these headphones have received rave comments from the other reviewers on this site (and all across the web for that matter), and the fact they have enjoyed a long history as a standard in the broadcast industry, i'm more than willing to consider the fact i may have gotten a lemon.  so, if possible, listen to the same, exact set of headphones you will actually purchase, or make sure you can return them if you are unsatisfied.  or save another $90, buy the boses, and be totally satisfie
stand for samsung tv.bad:.all 100% wood parts came with damages, 3 pem-nuts in countertop got wrong thread..good:.we are affraid to scream or talking loudly at home now, because this stand can felt down and ruin our t
great brightness control !.finally i have found a digital clock that has a full range of variable brightness levels.  a dial allows you to change continuously from bright to invisible.  much better than the typical high/low switch.  but, the level we find comfortable at night makes the clock virtually unreadable during the day, unless you want to fiddle with the control every day.  have not tried other features, but it seems to have all the goodies you would want
risk-que.this product didn't work in any of the outlets in my house. i've read another review of the happening, and my advice is to find something else
not good.i haven't receive the full refund for the product that i return. they shipped me wrong ite
totally different than as shown on the amazon.com.even though it has a very good price, the product i received is totally different than the picture shown on the website.  i am buying stuff from amazon.com from last 3 years, but this is my first bad experience.  i do not want to loose more money by paying the shipping for returning them, so i have decided to keep them. please make sure before buying that you see the real picture of microsoft usb compact optical mouse 500 black.
not for the hardcore gamer.i've been a n52 "padder" since the unit came out, and i love it. however, it leaves little the imagination as far as looks are concerned, and seeing as how i just purchased a saitek x52 joystick, and a logitech g15 gaming keyboard, with all their blue glowy goodness, decided to pick up the pro gamer command to match my desktop...and it looked great! however......i decided to set up my pad with the software included, and since it was already installed with my saitek x52 (all saitek products use the same software to keymap) i immediately knew how to program the keys. the software found the gamepad immediately, and after a few minutes to tweaking the keys, off i go to play battlefield 2. now mind you, the pro gamer command has a few more keys than the n52. however, where you normally have the thumbpad, it is now replaced with an analog stick. getting the software to recognize a simple up, down, left, right keys for gaming was as simple as....well, it wasn't that simple. you have to set the software to deadzones, etc. since the software sees the mini thumbstick as a joystick of sorts. the biggest problem with this gamepad however, is the "lag" of the keys. as a fps gamer, and if you also play fps games you'd understand, that fast keypresses are not uncommon. in battlefield 2, switching from your shock paddles to your gun then going prone all in the spawn of 3 seconds happens all the time. and this is where the gamepad failed. horribly. if you try to strafe left and hit prone, it'll happen as you want it to %70 of the time. you'll either go prone. or you'll strafe. i even had the problem with moving forward, and going prone, that my guy would still be moving forward while prone even after i let the key go. i had to repress the forward key again to make it stop. and this is not user error folks. say what you will, but i know how to use the software to set the keys up from using my x52 joystick (great joystick btw). ..all in all, it looks great on the desk, and more than likely will play well with rts games and the like, but for fps games, stay away. stick with the nostromo n52 instead. it's cheaper to buy, and is rock solid...it just doesn't look nice
waste of even a little money.this product produces horrible ghosting - why they would make it, i do not know.  a total waste of money, unconscionable
yup - bad ghosting with this low-quality cable.hey - my first review!  go me.  anyway, i bought this cable for about $10 at staples today, after blowing off one at radio shack for $25.  this was to extend the reach of a new 19" dell lcd (analog).  i get horrible ghosting and some twitchy text.  i tested the monitor (with a normal cable) on my laptop, and it looks great - i tested it again on the laptop with this extension cable in between, and the ghosting came back. i guess you get what you pay for - the radio shack one (i forget the brand, but it wasn't the house brand - maybe 3m?) was super thick.  i think i'll just order a high-quality 10' male-male cable with the shielding the other poster referred to.  sorry belkin, this one's a dud
garbage!.fuzzy video and ghosting when used at 1280x1024 pixels, 85hz refresh rate.  slightly better but still unacceptable at 70hz
poor quality cable.cheap enough but you get what you pay for. the cable is too thin and caused ghosting on my monitor
horrible piece of carp - uniden should be ashamed..yes, i know it's not a fish, but it's about as useful as one...this headset shipped with my uniden phone. a year later when the headset died, i thought it was just bad luck and not reading the reviews here (obviously) i re-ordered the same headset. needless to say, a year and 4 months later (4 months after the warranty has expired), the unit sounds crackly and faint. it got more unbearable by the week, until now it is unusable, a repeat of my first experience...the last reviewer is in the "honeymoon phase". often reviewers post after having a item for a short time. that is problematic for reviews on electronics. the headset does look nice and feels o.k., but the voice quality deteriorates over time even with light, conscientious use, and that should be a deal-breaker.  ..uniden, you ought to be very ashamed for putting out this piece o' carp.
"can you hear me?  can you hear me?".there appears to be an engineering flaw in the plug connection for the microphone wire.  i have two of these units where you can hear the caller but they cant hear you.  this is too bad because the sound quality is very good for the price.
it's really cumbersome -- too many parts.it's cheap.  that's great.  but it has too many parts -- a power cord for the speakers, a plug connecting the ipod to the speakers and since you can't charge through it, you need your ipod charger too. i got this for work and travel.  if you want to travel with it, you really need to use the case to make sure you don't lose the cords. and that makes it more bulky than it needs to be.  plus, it doesn't stand comfortably, especially with the ipod plugged in to its charger. ..you might say you get what you pay for, but i've since seen speakers in this price range that are more compact and require fewer cords.  so if you want simplicity, keep looking
beware of ipod hard drives.i have purchased the ipods since the first day they came out and i have to tell you that it is a love/hate purchase..i am on my 4th ipod with a hard drive and they have all crashed within 1 -2 yrs.  now that the nano has come out which is not a hard drive as the ipods they are more durable.  of course, with the nano you only get a max of 8gb but i am going to take that and live with it as i am so tired of having the large ipods crash.  i am not up for spending $300 plus every two yrs on this kind of device.  apple really lacks in customer service on this product.  fyi: i have been and still am an apple advocate as i love their products but the ipods with the large hard drives are a serious alert~!!!!  if you are new to this type of purchase and have a concern for where you put your money, then buy the 8 gb nano as there is not a hard drive issue there.  beware of hard drive ipods!!!!!!!!!!
moving on to bigger and better.i own both the ipod (5.5) and the zune - buy a zune. not only does it not scratch or get generally as dingy looking as an ipod - the screen is absurdly larger due to not having to put the brilliant "let's see how we can test our opposable thumbs wheel" navigation "aid" on the device. not to mention, the interface itself is much more attractive and the device itself has more capabilites than the ijunk. but that's me...and not wanting to have to go through another 3 day - yes - days - synch between my wma files and itunes sad attempt at conversion
give 'em enough rope.the mouse itself is fine.  fits the hand well and is responsive.  however, the cord is about to 2 feet short than the ball mouse that i was replacing, so it just didn't work out for me set up
disappointed.this looked like it would be a great addition to my laptop, but they were a disappointment...the volume just wasnt' there for what i neede
not good enough.these really have no bass and very light midrange, can't handle much volume.  they sound bad at all volumes, but sound really terrible as the volume gets loud...they sound pretty much like average built-in laptop speakers should sound.  if you have exceptionally crappy built-in laptop speakers, like i do, these will improve things to where it sounds like just normally crappy laptop speakers...waste of money, really.  wish i hadn't bought them.  can't recommend them
usbeware.when i tried the kensington speakers on my new toshiba laptop,.i found the sound quality poor with the sound cutting out.  i hooked them into an older compaq laptop and they worked fine.  i.ended up buying portable speakers from sharper image that are powered by usb, but the sound comes through the earphone jack--.and they work great with deep, rich sound.  usb sound is undependable, unless you already know that your computer puts out good sound this way
the absolute worst customer service i have ever experienced.constantly had to reboot due to lost signal. other technical problems which are constantly mentioned in other reviews. indian tech support while done well by other companies is extremely painful to use. if you need help ninety days after you purchase the product it would be less expensive to buy another router.three days and two tech support emails (which were replied to at 3:00 am 17 hours after they were sent)later problem unresolved due to generic information sent from company. case number given was useless. netgear does not stand by their product and their customer service is the absolute worst and i can not stress this enough the absolute worst i have experienced. i am not without computer and technical skills and god help anyone who encounters this company who is void of computer and technical skills. if you see this product turn around and run do not walk away.
failure wireless router.i bought the wireless router in 2006.09, and installed it in my home.  the router installed cd is very hard to follow and to use.  it always causes failure to setup the internet connection.  before i used the router, i have normal internet connection with easy setup.  once the router is working for the wired connection, it nevers works for a wireless status.  i do not recommend to purchase it
faulty manufacturing.my experience was similar to several of the other reviews on this site. my router did not overheat; but within a month, i could not even power it on. jiggling the power cord connection on the router side would intermittently power it on (as long as i kept fiddling with it)! customer service was outsourced to india and was horrible in every aspect even when i did manage to get through to someone. their warranty policy required me to pay for shipping and included some mail delay times, so i decided to junk this router and go with a belkin like some of the network guys had suggested in their reviews. my belkin has been flawless so far and it provides much greater flexibility in setting up my wireless network and security settings. save yourself a lot of heartache and stay away from this product. it appears the wgr614 suffers from some basic manufacturing flaw that netgear needs to address. it looks good but it doesn't work very well
it stinks!!!!.first on the box there is no sign that you need to have a compatable printer. second the documentation stinks. i've tried for a week to hook up my hp psc1210 to it and no luck. i emailed tech suppport and after giving me info i could of read in the manual their response was "oh well it your printer must not be compatable with it" well before i drop my money on this i wish they would of told me what printers are supported
review of dp-g321 wireless-g print server.the installation documentation is totally inadequate.  was only able to get a glimmer of the problems by checking online other reviews of the product.  after spending over 8 hours trying to get  a satisfactory setup i decided to send it back. printer port names and addressing are the main issues.  don't understand why d-link would not sort this installation documentation problem out.  it appears to have been going on since 2003 or earlier
i am a very very dissatisfied consumer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1.i am a very dissastified customer. i spend enough money on this product and no seems to help me out. i've had problems ever since i got it. i have talked to techs and no seems to know what they are talking about. if i would of known it was going to be such a pain i wouldn't of bought it. my brother was the one that said it was a great product and i took his word. i had a hp and i never had a problem with it. i would like to return it and get my money back. i bought it in august.
good stuff-way too expensive.i am a new user of an i9900 canon printer. the color is exceptional and i love the easy interface..the ink cartridges are easy to snap in and the computer tells when one runs dry..my biggest kick is the price.  what is that ink made from?.i paid $400 for the printer and now have to pay $$$$ for the ink
2 major design flaws - buy kensington version instead.i purchased this product, but after 3 months of frustrating use wound up throwing it away...the first problem is that the structural support of the power tips between the laptop plug and the cord plug is the electrical solder!  the effect of this is that if you use the adapter on the road where it's subject to a lot of plug and unplug and varying mechanical stress, the solder breaks.  you then at best have a tip with an intermittent connection.  i replaced the tip twice before giving up and getting another better designed adapter...the second problem is that when i unplugged the power adapter from the wall, it would cause my laptop (ibm t20) to emergency power off.  unplugged at the laptop plug was fine.  i understand this to be an issue between the t20 power system and a surge issue in the adapter...i replaced this with a kensington 33197 120w adapter.  it looks almost like the same product (same oem?) except they have stronger power tips.  it also didn't have the power-off issue...i loved the form factor, but the product just didn't work
be very careful.i was (wrongly) advised by tech support to buy this instead of waiting for a new supply of power supplies from voodoo.  be sure your computer is supported, because targus tech won't give you any info about voltage , amperage or wattage on this thing, so you can't safely maake it work with an unsupported computer.   so amazon, as usual, graciously took it back.  love amazon.  i just now read the other reviews and now consider myself lucky i didn't keep it and try to make it work
waste of money.i bought this cahrger and i was never able to use it!!!.i even bought the correct tip for my laptop but i can't get it to work..i have no one to talk to at targus!!!..save your money - stay away
doesn't charge my laptop and no tip for my cellphone.i purchased the target adapter a while back and it worked fine with my old laptop and old cellphone. but not anymore...targus does not have a tip for the sony/ericsson t610 phone and can't say if or when they plan to make one. hello! that phone has been on the market for several years and use the same power connector as t68...to make matters worse, i also got a new laptop (dell d610). the targus tip only powers the laptop and does not charge the battery. tell me now.. how am i supposed to go travel with this if i can't recharge the battery? not all flights have a dc outlet, so i will need to bring both targus (for the plane) and my regular dell power supply (to recharge the battery). not very smart..
stay away -- disappointing product, worse service.i bought this with the expectation i could carry one power supply for my laptop, phone and pda. well, "fuggedahbatit" as they say in ny. i've never been able to buy the tips for the phone or pda even though they are very common models. and when my company upgraded my laptop to a very common (and current) model of dell, targus told me that they had discontinued the tip for that dell! targus' proposed solution? buy a brand new power supply. to add insult to injury, the tip compatible with the new power supplies won't charge the laptop, only power it when plugged in...other flaws with this product:.1) the power cord is too short. the power supply is left dangling from the wall, and the weight easily pulls the plug out of the socket..2) i've yet to find an aircraft with a compatible socket. i paid a premium for this supply because it claimed to support both car and plane power sockets...so thanks to targus' poor product and worse service, i now have a one-hundred-dollar-plus paperweight. you won't find me buying any targus product again
don't waste your money on this junk.not only is this thing an overpriced piece of trash, it is also packaged with less than honest information. right on the amazon website it says "works with mac and pc." on the package, under system requirements, one line reads "mac os 8 or greater." and yet, what happens when it is actually plugged into a mac? absolutely nothing. in order to store anything on the drive, you must use the software on the flash drive, but all the software is pc based. what the hell? so i go over to the memorex website to do a little troubleshooting, and what do i find there? no mention of the mac whatsoever in the system requirements!! so apparently, despite promises to the contrary, this is a pc only device!..oh, yeah, and when i did use it on my pc at home, it wouldn't eject properly at all, as has been described in other reviews
no stars.this is an example of awful engineering and product design...that conclusion is due to the fact that the product doesn't do anything right...also, amazon renamed by removing u3 from the name
beware.the cords for the headset are extremely thin, and damage easily, i took a gamble with these and 3 months later, yet another sennheiser headset needs replacing
a lot of hype, but it quickly fizzled.bought this product recently based on recommendations for an advanced math/ scientific calculator.  apparently, ti has almost all the schools eating out of their hands by having classrooms make these calculators mandatory in many classes.  .i will say that the calculator features a lot and you can even purchase more applications to dowload at ti's website.  however, the calculator is complicated to use, and you almost need a course to learn how to use it.  furthermore, the functionality is poorly designed and if you press a wrong button the calculator will often freeze on you..at the high price for these ti calculators you would think that they would have gotten all the bugs out.  but let me assure you they are definitely there, and you would be better served to get a casio or hp graphing calculator instead
does not work!.this product does not work. i tried to repair 10 discs with it and all 10 times it has ruined my discs. i suggest to buy the gamestop repair disc. it works like a charm, if used correctly
save your money.i have tried to repair 11 cd/dvd's with this kit to no avail.  it is worthless.  just return the defective disc and buy a new one.
don't waste your money!.i purchased the skip dr at radio shack thinking that this would be great to clean up those dvd's that begin to freeze up when they get dirty. i got home home and sure enough i put a movie in the dvd player for the kids and it began to freeze up. i would normally just use soap and water for a dirty dvd and every thing would be fine, but this time i tried my new skip dr. the dvd no longer freezes up -- it has been destroyed by the skip dr! the resurfacing process has left thousands of fine scratches on the surface of the dvd where none had been before! the dvd player can no longer read the disc. yes, i have used the buffing square and tried repeating the procedure a numbber of times to see if there is any improvement. -no cigar!  i am taking it back to the shack for a refund!
'resurfacing fluid' is water - they charge $6.99 for 4 oz. of water.this product does not work.  digital innovations is deceitful about the 'resurfacing fluid', read the manual carefully and you'll discover they admit that it is water!..it does not repair discs.  but it is marginally passable for cleaning, so i did clean about 15 cd and dvd's before it broke.  cracked it open and found the cheap little plastic gears had simply broken to bits.  not worth paying to send back to them for a replacement unit, even if i could figure out where they hid the instructions for returns...do not buy any digital innovations products
read before you buy!.this unit is outstanding if you don't mind spending $300 every quarter on new bulbs..i used pt-ae900 for less than 3 months (less than 400 hours) w/ normal picture setting and fan speed...and then the bulb burned out..panasonic's tech support line is joke. i spent one hour trying to get a human being on the phone who could process my warranty. i spoke with five people and only one mentioned 3 months/500 hour warranty for the bulb. however, he was in commercial area not consumer and told me to call yet another number..the bulb is supposed to last around 3,000 hours but in my case it lasted six times less..if you plan on using this projector as your primary video output,  don't waste your money and spend a little more for a plasma..at $1,999 this unit is a bargain until its real cost catches up - an additional $1,200 per year.
check availability of replacement lamp.before buying a panasonic projector, try to find a replacement lamp in stock somewhere! i have been waiting over two months for a back ordered et-lab10 lamp. no one seems to have any
stupidity at its best.ipods are the leading sellers of portable players and everybody knows that but guess what ipod does not support the leading and best quality video format divx and avi hmm thats kinda retarded no? if any of you out there use file sharing programs such as limewire or any torrent programs if u download any of those videos the best ones and the majority are divx and avi too bad for you unless ur willing to sit around for an hour or two and convert your video to mpeg4. also the video you convert may have a few complications, the audio and video may not be sychronized...at all and for those of you who have already purchased this piece of garbage im sorry and i have great sympathy for you so if ud like a program that will convert ur video for free and results in pretty good quality go to download.com and search for jodix video converter. this is not from speculations i have experienced this all myself with my own purchase of the video ipod and was a decision i regreted. suggestion check out the creative zen vision m sure it may be thicker but the price is amazing for its features and conveniences of transfering files into it
gps - great  hrm - buy a polar!.i have had my garmin 301 for 7 months. the gps works great. however, i run and cycle and wanted an hrm. the heart rate feature has proven to be unreliable. i have always gotten infrequent spikes of over 200 and the rate seems to vary a lot. ..i did a long mtb race solo on sat and was really depending on having it work. it worked for the first two laps (14 miles), then it locked on 230 and stayed above 200 for the rest of the race. i stopped to take my pulse and verfied that it was 140 several times. i tried power cycling etc... to no avail. now it won't register a heart rate at all. i replaced the transmitter battery and the watch battery, cleaned the contacts etc... no luck. my polar accurex was much more reliable.
lasted 4 months.i would not buy this again.  after four months, the tv became inoperable, and i could only receive radio.  if you buy it, be sure to get any extended warranty the store may offer
picture tube blow out.i got it for my sister for her birthday in june... she use it everyday since july and now in august its dead. the picture tube just blew out for no reason. very upset. buyers beware
coby ctv555 5" color tv.coby ctv555 5" color tv  is unquestionably the cheapest, worst designed, poorly manufactured, unsatisfiying product that i have ever purchased anywhere.  i read the instructions plugged it in and it did not work.  this was a complete waste of time.  amazon ought to drop this product.
just go get the shure e3.i had owned shure e3s, but lost them.  this time i decided to try etymotic's competing earphones, the er-4p.  bad idea.  sure, the sound is good, but it's good on the e3s as well.  however, shure has a number of great ideas that etymotic missed out on.  their earphones conform around the ear, not stick out making you look like an idiot.  when wearing the etymotics i scream "i'm a fool with wierd headphones, someone mug me for my ipod".  with the shure's no one even noticed i had headphones on.  the big difference is excess noise.  the shure's fit snugly around the back of your head.  when the cable is bumped, the sound travels to the snug point and dies, never reaching your ears.  the etymotic cables just dangle.  everytime you turn your head the cables bump your shirt collar, and loud vibrations offend your ear drums...i tried each for six months.  now i'm selling the etymotics and buying another pair of shure's.  they're both the same price, go buy the e3
very bad hand se t.i have used cordless phone for so many year and had never see such a bad hand set.. the battery doesnt fit in the compartment properly and it makes lot of noise every time u lift the hand set or shake it.. i would rather call this as a pencil box and not a phone... please dont buy this..
no customer service ;  d.o.a. products.i don't own this particular one either.  i bought the be325r from walmart and it was doa with no working battery.  wrote apc customer service and someone named kiran nimmagatta - 05/30/2006 12:47 pm wrote:."dear mike,..thank you for contacting apc's email support on 05/30/2006 10:56 am. i would be happy to assist you...as per your mail, you need to charge your battery for maximum 24 hours.you need to put the ups in the wall socket with out any load, and charge the battery."..--which is wholly rediculous suggestion to my question asking for support since there were no indicator lights, etc. on...also, their "live person" did not work.  no person there during business hours...the quality assurance ticket in unit says passed every test.  what a joke. i would not trust apc units to my electronics surge...no customer service and poor quality; bad inspection tags...one star only for nice box with promising graphics and ads...mike in missour
broken item.i just received my unit yesterday and immediately decided to return it because:.1.the packaging is so lousy that it looked exactly like a used one..2.the main unit looks broken on the backside, with bare metal contacts outside. i can't find the battery nor the dc power jack to even turn it on..i can't believe how amazon or some third-party or even magellen themselves "remanufactured" this item. be warned.
bad service support for magellan roadmate.do not trust magellan customer support, they do not have data access and do not care about magellan reputation. .i used magellan roadmate 700 for one day before smoke came out of the unit and it stopped working. factory no longer has roadmate 700 in stock for replacements, and technician promised me a new cradle within 5 days. i called after a week, 1st rep. said unit was not shipped and will be shipped immediately, i called 2nd time and another rep. said that unit was shipped 3 days ago and gave me a tracking number not for my package, i called 3rd time and another rep. said that they do not have part, that they will have it in a week and that it will take them another week to ship it to me. ..after 7 days of being a proud owner of magellan 700 i shipped it back to the company that i bought it from and expecting a replacement for the entire unit now.
stay away.dealing with magellan customer support was perhaps the worst customer support experience i have ever had.  ever.  not only were they unknowledgeable about their product, but a 3 day old unit with a problem was not covered by warranty.  there was a $45 fee just to send it in, and then they would let me know how much the actual repair would be.  ..i have owned 3 garmin units and i am about to buy a fourth.  stay away from this lousy company and their messed up products
dont bother....i ordered the refurb model to save the $100 from the new...it was not worth it..the model showed up showing signs of it's used condition, and of course; the sound didnt work..i boxed it back up and shipped it back the very same day..i went to another website and ordered the new one. [...
ok...not the best.a year ago, i wanted an mp3 player, since i didnt download music, i wanted one that recorded off the radio...this was about the only choice, and after reading many bad reviews i decided to buy it anyways on ebay for $180. mistake...this isnt a horrible mp3 player, it just isnt worth the price. it is hard to find music, and a lot of the features dont work. my shuffle, playback, and playlist all dont work. the navigation is ok...the radio gets pretty good reception but recording is a hassle because you have to get perfect reception of youll hear fuzziness throughout the song, and the 30 second record playback isnt all that is says...it just starts 30 seconds earlier so you have 25 seconds of talking or commericals and then your 5 seconds of the song you missed. but a month after a bought it, my stop button doesnt work, so when i go to the radio i have to stay at the radio or turn it off. the buttons are cheap. the screen gets dirty, especially on the inside so you cant clean it. overall this is an ok mp3 player, not great but not horrible. i am going to buy an ipod, and if your reading this you probably should to...pros: recording off the radio is great if you get good reception, it holds tons of music, it has a backlight..cons: the buttons are cheap, its heavy and clunky, its expensive, it breaks easil
good in theory, bad in practice.i bought the jukebok fm recorder last august, and since then i have sent the unit out four times to archos repair. the first time, the unit was freezing up all the time at random, and this continued even after re-formatting the unit, as instructed by archos support. the next two times i had the same problem, and each time i was given a different unit. the last was working ok until the f2 button broke (after normal use) . archos support (the man who answerd spoke very poor english and i could barely understand what he was saying) told me they would upgrade my unit to the jukebox multimedia, but both he and his supervisor refused to renew the quot;non-negotiablequot; warranty for the new unit. . the fm recorder did not by any means measure up to what was advertised, and proved very un-reliable. i know of two other units owned by friends of mine which have had similar problems. all of us use it for business purposes, and all of us have lost precious time and money due to quot;minor glitchesquot; in the unit. the theory behind the unit and all it is supposed to be able to do is nice, but from what we can tell, the battery is not powerful enough to handle the load of spinning up the disk whle playing or recording. archos has instructed us to try keeping the unit plugged in, but then what is the point of having it battery operated?? i would recommend buying a slightly more expensive ipod or something else. you might spend a little more up-front, but it will prevent you from having to spend a lot more money in the future. when i asked archos what would happen to the new unit if something happened, the man replied that i would only have to pay the quot;low repair cost (not including parts) of $69.99quot; and it would get fixed. what rotten service
dont do business with jr music world.don't do business with jr music world, they sent me a crap product. ear out input did not work
misleading image.the image they are showing on the site and the product you get are different. it says dvm and i got dvc. i dont know the difference. i didnt use the product yet but i am hopeful that i would not get disappointed.
waste of money!.none of them worked. i had errors on all three of them.  i bought the ridata and perferct burning on all of them..
bad, bad, bad.jump, jump, jump the movie, i used several software to burn, 1x, 2.2x, etc.  with the tdk single layer, i don't anything problem.
not very good..the bose quiet comfort are over twice the price but are 10 times as good.  these do not cover your entire ear so noise still gets in.  the noise cancelling is in a cylinder along the power cord and is very sensitive to movement.  any movement of the cylinder causes a reverberation in the headset. go with the bose. you will not be dissapointed
a moody machine.this cheap south korean import has big mood swings.  90% of the time i can't get it to play my mp3 discs, and for no apparent reasons.  i thought it was my particular one, so i went back and exchanged for another sealed box, but same problem.  after 2 months, the door on the vcr came off loose!  i total regret this purchase, esp. since i could have gotten a jvc one for only ten bucks more
service is horrible..after two months the vcr stopped recording video.  i brought it in for service and it has been three weeks and zenith has not repaired yet
crap.don't waste your money, i've had it over a week, the only thing i hear is static coming from the notebook speakers, have yet to hear anything from external speakers, spent hours trying to resolve the problems. it's going back
poor consruction.the connector is easly seperated from the cable and as a result damaged beyond repair. the cable is heavy and when the connector is mated the weight of the cable puts pressure on the connector and the stress begings to seperate the connector from the cable...i had this failure happen with both cables. i recommend less expensive cables that meet minimum standards. this type of connector is available at less than half the price and works fine
jbl on tour speakers... never mind.1. they're cheap enough..2. they have a cute cloth case..3. as others have noted but i did not believe, the lid keeps sliding and tangling with the input wire and the power supply..3. the sound is as light as the weight and as cheap as the price..4. i wasted my not much money
design flaw, no bass.cannot close speaker lid when wires are connected. speakers might be good for light listening, has little bass which makes  rap and hard rock hard to listen to. speakers sounded like they were tearing apart while listening to metallica.
toshiba tv's are not reliable..i purchased a toshiba hdtv and had it fail just after the 2 year warranty expired.  toshiba explained there was nothing they would do back up their product.  no tv should fail after 2 years.   i recommend selecting another brand, you can get the same performance and price, and end up with a more reliable product
experience with toshiba 30hf84 tv.for anyone considering this unit, consider our experience:..we selected this unit because it was the best fit for our existing tv cabinet...apr.29, 2005- ordered the tv via the internet from a very reliable supplier...may 2- tv delivered and installed, and tested out ok, but within a couple of days, only the green image appeared at first, and it took several minutes for the red and blue to come up. it took longer to stabilize each time it was turned on...may 5- checked toshiba website and located nearest authorized service...approimately 75 miles away. the service center advised that we would have to obtain special authorization for service from toshiba, because of the traveling distance...may 6- faxed all necessary information to toshiba, and were advised that authorization was being sent to service center...may 9- service center  advised us that servicemen would come may 12...may 12-two servicemen came, checked out the tv, and decided they would have to take it back to their shop...may 28- checked with service center and were advised that the picture tube was faulty, that a replacement had been ordered and was expected following week...june 7- checked with service center and were advised that the replacement tube was also faulty, and that another was on order, and expected in 10 to 15 days...at the moment it would appear that at very best, we are unlikely to have our tv back before june 17, and more likely well onto the next week...and that is assuming that toshiba can come up with a picture tube that works!..edgar l. parks,.po box 26, st. mary's city, md 20686.tel: 301-862-9675
looks good on paper.the picture looked grainy like a compressed video file. i will be returning to bestbuy today. i am dissapointed with it. my tv that is 8 years older looks quite a bit better.
unfortunately, the bad reviews are true.i risked buying one of these, because it was the maximum amount of tv i could fit into my 32" cabinet.  but i should have listened to the warnings.  when i got the tv in the cabinet and turned it on, the screen was spotted by blobs of pink, green, and blue.  the picture tube was shot.  i have no choice now but to wait for toshiba to bring another and hope it works better
do i feel lucky??.ordering this tv from amazon is a risky venture. the toshiba model has a spotty reliability history. amazon will not accept returns or assist in resolving problems. toshiba is uncooperative in fixing any defects. .   my experience: i purchased this tv from amazon thinking i had gotten a good deal on a good tv. after turning the set on, the picture became erratic before completely failing soon after. the next day i contacted amazon and was told there was nothing they could do and i needed to contact toshiba. .   toshiba was slightly more helpful. they had a factory authorized service center pick up the tv. the tv has now been gone for six weeks and i still know nothing about its status. my calls to the repair shop go unanswered. my calls to toshiba are equally unhelpful. toshiba verifies that the repair shop is a factory authorized outlet and that they pay them for their work, yet toshiba says they also cannot contact the shop. .   no one is able to tell me when or if i can expect the return of my set. it could be days, weeks, or months, or even longer. if the set still doesn't work correctly, i get to go through this experience again. this is standard acceptable customer service for both amazon and toshiba. .   if you are considering purchasing a tv from amazon, you would be wise to ask yourself a very important question- "do i feel lucky?"
awful product! defective manual! defective software! defective device!.i have purchased hundreds of products on amazon, and this is the worst!  the price was great, and, of course, it was too good to be true.  i purchased five of these, thinking my friends would love them.  the manual is a small piece of paper that refers to an install directory that doesn't exist (and also assumes that your cd-rom is your "g" drive).  the set-up drivers were referred to as being for a device with a serial port, and this is supposed to be a usb device!  the sim card could not fully seat in the device.  of course, the device could not be seen by my computer.  i was just thankful that this piece of junk did not trash my sim card, and cause me to lose all of my addresses.  i found this item elsewhere on the internet as a closeout, i think someone is just trying to dump some worthless junk.  this is my first negative review of a product on ebay.  people deserve to be warned about this product
worthless.returned this product the same day i received it.  there is a message with the instructions about a problem that must be quite common in being able to adjust the volume.  i tried the three suggestions to adjust the volume--including having to move the unit to a place i did not want it or using metal for some conductivity issue--but nothing worked.  it looked good, but worked terribly.  for speakers to have a volume control problem that is so common they have to give you three ways to try to correct the problem is enough of a warning--stay away from this worthless junk
not suitable for moderate to high usage!.if you're going to use this machine for light use, it probably is suitable.  however, we receive about 50 fax pages per day, which to me is a moderate amount of pages.  within one year of purchasing this machine, we now find that the drum cartridge needs to be replaced.  not a biggie???  guess again!  a drum cartridge for this questionable quality machine costs $175.00. couple this cost with the fact that the hand set only works when the connecting cord is in certain positions... and you'll figure out why the future of my brother ppf-2800 will be as a an anchor for my remote controlled sailboat
toner hog.this is not a bad machine, as far as sending and receiving faxes quickly and clearly.  but we've had the machine in our small office (one of 3 faxes in a 13-person law firm) for six months now, and we've already spent as much in toner as we have on the machine itself.  you'll need a new toner cartridge...every 2 months if you print 50 pages a day.  at that same rate, you'll also need a new toner drum...every six-eight months.  outrageous
not for a nokia phone!.hey i bought this for my nokia n90 phone and it did not work. i advise anyone who will buy this first make sure with the product manufacturer that if it is compatible or not.
beware voltage requirements.i bought this for my nokia 6682 but the voltage is not compatible.  since the voltage was not listed i had no way of knowing it was important.  now i have to send this one back and find a dual voltage (1.8v-3.0v) rs-mmc.  the phone does not recognize the chip at all
not good.i started out with 714 shots in my 4 megapixel camera. after i got finished, i erased all of the photos, and now this card only has half the capacity!!!!!   what it appears to be, is that it's actually a 1 gb card that's been pre-formatted to look like a 2 gb card. what a rip-off.
terrible!.i'll sum it up quickly.  terrible software.  huge waste of time to get it working, although it did finally work.  then the case fell apart within one month requiring glue and tape, which held another month.  then replacement with a quality product.  steer clear
this stuff is useless.i bought this from amazon.com and it would not work on my pc which runs xp. i tried to get help from the email address but no reply. this is a complete waste of money and the guys who make it don't car
doesn't work at all.i installed this device on my xp pc but my effort has been unlucky. i used some tips from past reviewers like uninstall it and try again but it doesn't work at all. i also downloaded the drivers from the q-stor site but they are the same that comes with the cd. ..i think this item was a waste of money
cheesy device, horrible support.the device doesn't get recognized under windows xp sp2 -- like many other reviewers i've seen, i have the same issue -- picked this puppy up at fry's like many of you too...unfortunately, i've tossed the packaging -- sucks to be me...the construction is cheesy, and the email-only tech-support was clearly from a non-native speaker, and consisted of useless one-line responses. this is completely unacceptable imo. i'm not convinced that the device is defect, but the tech support rep definitely is...sorry, i think you got bad card. you may need to return it...please include all previous email upon reply..dpsi tech support..----- original message -----.from: jeromie clark.to: 'dpsi-techsupport'.sent: monday, january 23, 2006 2:34 pm.subject: re: q-stor qiru2 on winxp sp2..hi -..it does not detect the device as a moschip. i read the documentation on your site thoroughly and tried both sets of drivers...i've found posts from several other users on the same issue when searching google, but did not find a solution...please see the attached screenshots - let me know if you need anything else...best regards,.jeromie clark..from: dpsi-techsupport.sent: monday, january 23, 2006 2:01 pm.to: jeromie clark.subject: re: q-stor qiru2 on winxp sp2..is the window recognize the card as moschip ?..dpsi tech support...from: jeromie clark.to: ts@dpsi-usa.com.sent: monday, january 23, 2006 1:29 pm.subject: q-stor qiru2 on winxp sp2..hi -..i've downloaded the available drivers on the q-stor.com website for the qiru2 and am unable to get it installed under winxp sp2...windows xp does no recognize the device, and when pointed to any of the drive/xxx folders in the .zip posted on your site, it cannot install the hardware...i look forward to your fix...best regards,.jeromie clar
does not work with mac...the box of this irda says its supports mac, but it does not (tried on mac os x tiger)
q-star irda [office depot]: don't buy it!.this is such a poor excuse for technology that i am not even going to return it: i am discarding it, to save the postage of return. the manual is a terribly poor translation from chinese to english, and is very unclear. i still don't know what driver to install, and don't have the energy to intstall them all again to isolate the one that works. the software doesn't even register properly. i am sticking with companies that have a proven track record with english as a firstlanguage
0 stars:  avoid like the plague.would you play russian roulette?  no, of course not.  then why would you do so with your media??  that's what you'll be doing if you waste your money on this "media".  the only worse "media" is hocked under the linkyo label
avoid this junk media!.some of the worst media out there. the dye has no shelf life. memorex is actually made by cmc magnetics. memorex just puts their name on it. you can check for the actual manufacturer of the discs by using the programs dvdinfo or dvd identifier.  after burning a few coasters i took them back for refund. i am staying with high quality dyes like fuji and verbatim. fuji dye is made by tayo yuden (ty) and verbatims are made by mitsubishi (mcc). avoid all media made by cmc magnetics (cmc)!! as consumers we have to get these horrible inferior products off the market!
firmware upgrade required.be warned that you will need a very new drive or have to update your firmware to use these disks, i have used memorex brand in the past and have had no problems, i was not able to update the firmware for my dvd drive as it was a off brand so purchased fuji disks and probably will stick with the fuji brand for now, i now have a 50pack of coasters until i buy a new burner
machine hangs - doesn't work for me.i have an external hard disk uses 12v to transfer data. when i connected this external hard disk to my laptop, it works. reason is laptop does not have any limit in the maximum volt. however, when i try to connect using this usb 2.0 adapter, it hangs. reason is, this adapter have maximum 5v support, my external hard disk requires 12v. because of this conflict, my machine hangs. even though, the product description says it is ideal for harddisk, cd-rw etc, it is not true. make sure your external storage does not exceed 5v, if it does, then this product is not for you
not what i expected.i purchased the addonics cardbus usb 2.0 adapter thinking that it would be a fast and inexpensive solution to my usb port problem on my laptop.  i was aware of the fact that a power adapter would be needed at times.  i thought it would be necessary for powered devices such as a scanner or a printer.  however, i was not expecting to have to use the adapter to read flash drives.  both of my flash drives are high-speed 2.0 devices.  maybe that contributed to its inability to read the drives without the adapter.  nevertheless this product was a major disappointment and inconvenience!  i would not recommend it.
poor tech support , didn't work for me.i purchased this card for downloading pictures from my digital slr to my compaq presario 2100.    all the drivers seemed to install when i plugged it in.  my usb mouse worked ok with it.  but my camera was at least twice as slow as 1.1 when plugged into it, and usually would get timeout errors.    i tried troubleshooting for a couple days, no luck.  the technical support guy (i think there is only one at addonics)  could only suggest plugging in the power adapter and reinstalling drivers, and it should work.  it didn't.  i gave up and returned it.
whoa!!!  apples and oranges.several reviews mention the improvement when these cables to replace  a composite (l/r audio + video) cable, or an s-video (multi-pinned plug). almost all of that improvement is due to the fact that these cable connection methods are completely different types in signal format and the tv uses different internal circuitry for each one. virtually any s-video cable connection will give a better image than a composite type cable, and any component (individual r-g-b video) connection will be better than s-video. cable brand has absolutely nothing to do with it. there may be some difference between one brand of component cable and another, but its almost always unnoticable
terrible quality- very high price.don't waste your time with this.  ..i bought one of these from a local computer store because i have a laptop and need a number pad for my work.  i brought it home and the first one was doa... the number pad wouldn't set up at all.  plus, the included batteries had leaked all over the place, so i had to hunt around for a set of aaa.  i brought the first one back and did an even swap for another one.  brought it home, hooked it up and while both the mouse and the keypad functioned, the light on the keypad was broken, so i couldn't tell if it was on or not without looking at the actual switch.  the switch, by the way, is miniscule and difficult to turn on and off.  oh, and the batteries were dead.  all four of them. plus, the quality (fit and finish) just seems cheap, considering what these things cost.  (i paid [...] retail for it.  you would get it less on amazon, by why go through the hassle of having to send it back?)..second time's a charm for me.  i am bringing it back.  again. and am buying the logitech version here on amazon.  not much more expensive and i have had nothing but good luck with all the logitech products i have ever used.
awful product!.i bought one, the mouse wouldn't work.  i returned it and like a sucker got another which had the same exact problem.  back to wires...or at least a decent manufacturer
targus pakp003u wireless keypad and mouse combo.disappointing performance.  frequent re-install necessary because it loses its linking id. more trouble than it is worth.  i went back to cords
run away!!!!.wireless mouse did not reach more than 1 foot from receiver; also not clear that the mouse and keypad are much smaller than standard; hard to type on keypad, mouse difficult to manipulate
reliable but slow.thin case fits most stacked usb ports.6megs/sec rd (40x) is just too slow for a drive this big..long 13ms access time is slower than most (1ms is good).writing is unpleasantly slow; .came formatted fat16, so each 1k file takes 16k and .usb1 access time is 30ms - almost unuseable in usb1 port..(reformatted to fat32 ok. if you zip all your small files, not so bad
unrealiable; don't trust with important files..i had this drive for a few months and one day it decides to stop working.  windows recoginizes it, but when i try to open it, windows tells me to insert a disk in the drive.  it appears the flash drive is dead with tons of imformation on it.  luckily i had the insight to back up the most important file earlier today, so all is not lost, but i don't even remember the other files i had on there.  i have an earlier backup and hopefully i can recover most of my files...it's a real shame you have to back up a backup device which is exactly what you have to do with this.  it may work great but there is no telling when the drive will fail and you end up screwed if you depend on it to save important files.  ..i have another one just like it and after what happened today, i'm going to back the "good" one up right now before it fails too.  i am done with sandisk for good.  i find it unacceptable for a data storage solution to be this unrealiable.  ..if you are unfortunate enough to have this product, back up your data now because there is no telling when it will fail on you as well
fun radio, but not for your emergency kit.the grundig fr200 (available in a rainbow of colors) is touted as the emergency radio, primarily due to it's hand-crank power system.  never need batteries, always ready to play when you most need it. put it in your emergency kit, and you'll be informed and entertained no matter what happens.  (you do have an emergency kit, right?).  also has a built-in flashlight, so you can read the labels on those stored cans of chili.  ..the problem with the fr200 is twofold - one is the reception on all bands is just barely adequate.  the primary problem is the dial resolution. trying to figure out what frequency you are tuned to (especially on shortwave and am mediumwave) is difficult.  sensitivity to weak stations and selectivity (separating closely-spaced stations) is mediocre...then there is that hand-cranked dyanmo.  you crank it and it charges a little internal battery.  two or three minutes of cranking that teeny little handle gives you about 30-40 minutes of playtime.  it does work as advertised, but the cranking handle doesn't have the strongest feel to it, and a little too-hardy cranking will break it off.  and there you are, in the middle of world war iii or a volcano eruption, with no way to crank.  and no way to know what's going on...to be sure, the fr-200 is fun to play with, and as it's very lightweight, could serve as a camping radio/flashlight. again, so long as you don't overdo the cranking...but for true emergency use, it's not the best option.  batteries are relatively cheap, and last for years in storage.  (i'm still using batteries i stored for y2k with no problem.) go down to costco or sam's club and get a brick of aa batteries. put them in your kit and make a note to yourself to swap them out every five years or so. (you do have that emergency kit, don't you?)..then get an am/fm radio with tv sound and weather band. forget about shortwave - in a disaster like an earthquake or hurricane, radio havana isn't going to help you - you want local stations and tv sound. the sony icf-36 fits the bill perfectly.  sangean also makes a good model, the dt-210v...although the hand-crank-never-needs batteries sounds good, a better-performing radio and some stored batteries will save your bacon better than a broken crank handle.   ..i did ask you if you had an emergency kit, right
cheap piece of junk.this is a cheap piece of junk.  not worth the cost of free shipping
not to be used with ipaq.this keyboard folds out well and i liked the feel of the keys...however, the ir connector needs to be in direct connection with the ir port in the pda.  for the ipaq, this port is at the bottom of the handheld.  the 210 degree arm does not rotate to this area.  in order to have the proper connectivity, you have to turn the handheld on its side.  this then requires another software program download (not freeware that i can find) to rotate your screen to the landscape view, unless you can read sideways without getting a headache...before buying this product, check your handheld to see if your ir port is between 4-8 o'clock - if so, this may be a difficult keyboard to use
poor product.despite not being written on the packaging or website my hp ipaq rx3417 was compatible with this keyboard...unfortunatly the software supplied was extremely bad, clogging my pda making it run very slowely. as well as this, it also flickered when in use making the settings for the keyboard very difficult to change...in terms of hardware, i found the size and position of keys to be the biggest problem. while targus does include all 5 rows of a standard keyboard, it shrinks the top row (numbers) and the bottom row (space bar). this makes it very difficult to use the space bar (which is for some reason split into three parts) and the numbers (which could have been made full size as there is nothing else in the way). i found myself constantly not hitting the right key or not hitting the right key hard enough for the key to register. in terms of key position, there is a gap between the keys on the left side and right side of the keyboard making hitting the keys in the middle very difficult. some keys are also very small (e.g. the right shift key and backspace) making them difficult to use (strange considering they are used a lot on keyboards)...one of the biggest problems i had with the keyboard was the lack of proper arrow keys. targus includes an oval shaped four direction button that controls a mouse cursor that appears on the screen. this mouse cursor is useful, but needs to be supplemented with normal up, down, left and right keys which are needed when typing to go back to another part of the document. using the mouse to do this is very frustrating...the final negative thing about this keyboard was the price. i paid aud$149.95 for this keyboard. doing some research on the internet found better models (i.e. think outside stowaway ir keyboard) available for less than half the price (around aud$70) and bluetooth keyboards available for less than aud$190. i think it might be about time targus releases a new model pda keyboard with a design and software that are suitable for the use the keyboard will get. no more tiny keys and no more than two space bars
nice hardware - really bad drivers.ever since i loaded the targus drivers on my tungsten c, the battery discharges quickly and won't take a full charge...i've removed the driver, with no change.  the next step was to do a hard reset of the tungsten c and i'm hoping it will take charge...i'm taking this keyboard back for a full refund
caveat emptor.i cannot speak for all devices, but this was a total failure in my case.  i am a fast typist, and it seemed that about 20% of the keystrokes were not picked up by my treo 270.  this was simply unacceptable, so i immediately returned it.  i cannot determine whether the problem was due to the keyboard, the software, or my old pda.  newer, faster pdas might have a better success rate, but the potential for problems will still be there.  my suggestion is to buy this somewhere with a generous return policy so that you can return it if it is a mismatch for your pda
targus does not issue drivers for my viewsonic v37.it worked ok for 2 months, but the kb kept on falling off. when i complained, i was told that the kb was not compatible with my viewsonic v37. yet, it was advertised as compatible with the vs ppc 2002. the worse came when i upgraded to ppc2003 and the kb stopped working. i contacted targus and was told that they do not have plans for upgrading their kb drivers for this vs ppc. .i do not believe that this should be permitted. if you sell something, stand behind it. ..very disappointing
i miss my stowaway.i bought this as a replacement for my stowaway when i replaced my palm m105 with an hp ipaq. the palm-stowaway combination was an excellent portable alternative to my laptop and i used in nearly every day.  after my positive experience i expected my new ir keyboard to function the same way.  what a dissapointment! i can forgive the large size of the keyboard but there are several aspects of this keyboard that have made it intolerable to me. i found the keys did not always respond leaving me with multiple errors to fix in every paragraph and the split space bar has been a constant source of irritation, i usually hit the solid piece of plastic in the middle instead of one of the keys.  the little plastic arms on the stand do not hold the pda at all securely, even bumping the table can knock it off, and i have taken to using an elastic band to keep my ipaq in place. the "mouse" arrowpad is a nice idea but does not justify the loss of the arrow keys. finally the backlight does not stay on while using the keyboard and there is no backlight control on the keyboard (unlike the stowaway). i will be replacing this keyboard with another after a much more careful search
not possible to use with ipaq hx 4705.although a search in amazon lists this keybooard as compatible with hx 4705, it is not.  there is no way to align the ir port of the keyboard with that of the hx 4705.  i had to return mine and pay for return shipping charges because amazon probably does not think that they are misleading their customer.  beware
get hot.i've had this gismo for about 1 week. i noticed after my 45 min dirve to work, that it got very hot. i called customer support and they said it was normal for the unit to get hot. anyway a few days later, the fues blew. i replaced it, and after about 10 min it blew again. ..besides the above issue, vrfm8w works great as described. i think the sound quality is good.
this is a piece of junk..i've been a skilled tech typist for 50 years, and this typewriter is not only a piece of junk, terrible design, helps you to make more mistakes than you ever could on any other type writer but after 2 months of trying to deal with this only by typing addresses and invoices on it, it stopped working entirely.  but i was warned by a typewriter repair expert who i took my ibm to that they had a "lot of problems" with brother typewriters, and now i thoroughly believe them.  the ribbon setup cartridges, both the multi-strike ribbon and the correction tape is of such rotten design, they don't work well 1/2 the time.  and the keyboard?  it's such a terrible setup no typist, whether they're amateur slow typists, or someone like mke a 120 wpm skilled touch-typist, you cannot type on this, the response is simply not built in for any kind of typist, it's a crazy machine...i wouldn't recommend this to a child nor to any grandmother - it's a knock-off cardboard machine out there under the brother name that simply is a piece of junk not worth anyone's time or money.  don't buy this!  i had to give it 1 star to get this message printed, it's a total negative
fleecing loyal apple buyers.the first thing i did when opening this item was check to make sure it actually was an apple product.  its really cheap looking.  looks like something you'd find for [...] at a flea market or in the "stocking stuffers" section of the dollar store at christmas time. the nano is small so almost anything will hold it, including a rubber band and an envelope which is about as good as this unit...this looks more like the freebie armband that should come free with the unit. certainly not a [...] accessory. it just cheapens the apple image...if oem apple products are your thing, then go ahead and try this. but if you're looking for something as sweet as your nano that stays put while you workout, look for something else.  i'm returning mine this weekend to spend my money elsewhere.
looks good....... but.i purchased this armband to hold my nano during workouts.  the band barely fits my arm and tends to slide down the arm while running or cross training.  looking for a replacement right now
don't buy this if you work out.nice little holder for the nano, but if you use it while you work out or sweat, forget this one. mine smells like a high school locker room after a couple of months of use while running. i have tried gently hand washing it to get the odor out, and the clear screen cover came loose when it got wet, plus the material still stinks. this is a waste of money and apple should be ashamed selling this.
horrible, horrible, horrible.i adore my nano, but this armband is one of the worst products i have ever bought.  i work out quite a bit with the nano and the band comes off multiple times during my workout.  the spacing of the velcro dots means i never get exactly the right fit and the band gets ripped off anytime i do weight lifting close to my body.    it is also as other reviewers mentioned hugely overpriced for what it is.  i am ordering a band from a different company and this will go straight to the garbage.
not really worth it....of course, just when i bought these refurbished the price on the new ones is lower than the refurbished ones - go figure!!!..i've been searching for a pair of headphones with noise cancellation and great sound... they're all 'not that great'.  the sound level is too low, there's no bass (especially with the noise cancellation off, only a bit better with it on), etc.  instead, i'm switching back to my koss portapro headphones... they're amazing, a lot less money, don't require batteries... and believe me, no matter how ugly they look, they're almost as great as $400 over the ear giant audiophile headphones.... i'm super happy with the koss portapro, but not all that happy with these.... actually, i'm quite disappointed in them
don't waste your money..i'm looking for a new shedder and i have to vent about this one. i got mine at office depot and lost receipt. when  cleaning it, sheds land up everywhere. you can't see how full it is and it is possible for the shreds to feed back up into the shedder. it is supposed to take a credit card and jammed up. it died. waste of money.
powerless shreddrer.i ordered this shreddrer sometime last month and just pulled it out today to use - i was so excited.  according to consumer reports this is one of the top 3 shreddrers.  i put 1-2 pieces of paper to shred and it jams.  i have spent about an hour trying to remove the jammed paper which it seems most of it is gone, but it still won't shred.  thank god i have another shredder that i've had for years which wasn't even listed by consumers reports - sometimes you have to go with the no name brands.  i do not reccommend this product!
too weak to be usable..this product is a sham..mine broke, as in destroyed, on 4th use. i simply fed it too many sheets. i would think that would jam it, not destroy it. the plastic drive gears shredded instead of the paper
paper shredder.this is a very weak product. it jammes easily, i would not reccommend it
fellows is overrated.it struggles with one sheet of paper for god sake! also, buried in the instruction manual is that it can only work for 5 minutes before it needs a rest, poor baby!! it's like you are rooting it on, "come on 'lil fellow, you can do it!" but it can't. i don't know if the model i got was defective or if this brand is just junk. my opinion is stay away
worthless pos!.this shredder blows! it is a worthless pos. i can't believe it actually jams with three pieces of paper. and then it's almost impossible to get it to go in reverse. you end up having to rip the paper out by hand and then feed it through one piece at a time. i will never buy another fellowes shredder! :-
worst keyboard ever, forget about "gaming.".good:.*looks neat in the picture.*has a cool shape to it, and has a nice weight to it.*the extra programmable keypad is a cool idea ..bad:.*the backlighting only lights up behind the keys so there is no indication which key is which (the other saitek that is backlit has laser-etched keys so each number/letter is visible).*the keys don't return quickly, they have a mushy feel to them when pushing down on them..overall, this keyboard is terrible. i thought my laptop keyboard was bad... i'd rather type on that (or play games on it) any day over this abomination. i sent mine back after owning it for less than 4 hours - it was that bad.
gamer's saisuck keyboard.this keyboard makes you think that you will be able to read the keys in the dark?  wrong!!!  it lights up underneath the actual keys but you can not read them.  why they made the eclipse like that and not this one totally baffles me!  huge mistake on saitek's part there.  the disk that comes with it to download the drivers doesnt work.  it constantly messes with your operating software.  and what makes it the ironic keyboard you ask?  it crashes most games!!!!!!  on mmo's they actually have a thread on their forums for this actual keyboard! ( on how to disable it so as to not crash the game anymore )  so in my opinion, do not buy this keyboard!!  it is a huge waste of money!  if you plan on it, ask your friends if they have one!  (something i should have done before purchasing)  so now im stuck with junk because it cost me 50+ usd and i feel that since i paid that much i have to use it
big and awkward.i bought this keyboard because it seemed to have a lot of options and because, well, it looked really cool with the blue backlight.  i don't game daily and also use the keyboard for general computer functions, but still decided the keyboard was worth getting.  but i have changed my mind after using it for about 6 months.  ..the keyboard itself is way too big even without the gamepad attached, so with it it takes up a significant amount of desk space- too much in fact.  also, the gamepad turned out to be useless- the software has to be installed despite saitek saying it's not necessary and the software caused more problems and was generally "buggy" so i uninstalled it and the gamepad is sitting uselessly in a desk drawer, taking up space...the blue backlight is cool looking but doesn't illuminate the letters on the keys (apparently saitek has a model where the letters are illuminated) and as a result, the novelty of it wore off quickly...there is a bit too much unused space on the keyboard which adds to it's size- inbetween the letters and the numbers is unused space which then leads to the up/down/side arrows and then more empty space before you get to the numbers on the far right of the keyboard- this makes the length of the keyboard almost unwieldy...my main gripe is that the keyboard is just uncomfortable- even with the wrist-rest which like everything else, is way too big- but luckily it detaches.  the keyboard appears to be raised more than other keyboards and that makes for uncomfortable typing because your wrist is constantly angled sharply upward unless you use the wrist-rest, which adds even more to the size of the keyboard.  in addition, the keys don't feel right- they are loud and don't have very good resistance or a very good "feel" like some others like the logitech dinovo...i am getting rid of mine this week- if i can't give it away then it's going in the trash...even if you are a gamer, i would recommend thinking long and hard about getting this keyboard
blacks out after 15 months.i purchased a computer package that included the hp vs15 15" monitor. i loved it while it worked the first year. 3 months after the year warrenty, the screen started flickering for a couple of days than eventually blacked out. contacted hp and of course they told me that there was nothing they could do except send me to a sight to find a place to get it repaired. i really expect a monitor to last longer than a year for the price that they run. will not purchase hp again
been using it one week - dead!.i've never had a product [...] out after one week of use. the screen froze up and no matter what troubleshooting tip i tried from the creative website, nothing worked. now i'm waiting to hear back from email support because they don't have 24 hour phone support. not impressed. would have gotten an ipod, but this thing was given as a gift
beware:  carginogenic - prop65 in the manual..the manual says this product, its packaging and its components contain one or more chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer, birth defects or reproductive harm..garmin fails to advertise this on their website.  you gotta buy this product to find out afterwards.
bad mouse, good instant customer service.also had a problem with left clicker   thanks to the reviewer here i called microsoft and they shipped a replacement comfort optical mouse 3000 with no charge or having to return the mouse..thats customer service!..microsoft's hardware support number (800-360-7561) .dial 0 when the menu start
craps out.this would have been a nice mouse if it continued to work properly.  it worked fine for me for a little under a year and the click problem happened with me as well.  i've owned 2 intellimouse mice, and both have died out on me.  i've learned my lesson and purchased a logitech mouse, which has been working wonderfully...also, if you intend to play a lot of pc games, the smooth scroll wheel isn't the best option.  get a click wheel with your mouse if you're serious about playing games that rely on the wheel
nice mouse design, bad reliability.i purchased this mouse about 2 years ago. after 9 months, the left mouse button stopped working.  the only way to get it to work was press especially hard, and even then it didn't work. i went to microsoft, and got another mouse sent to me for free after a week or so. ..now on my second mouse, i'm having the same problems again.  i'm waiting for my 3rd mouse to come in the mail.  the design on this mouse is excellent, and i love the scroll wheel among other features. but because of the reliability concerns about the left mouse button (in especially short periods of time, too!), i would highly recommend not buying this mouse. get a more reliable one and save yourself this hassle
a giant leap backwards for a microsoft mouse.microsoft has made quite a few changes since the explorer 3.0, and what was already a difficult mouse to use has now become an even more frustrating experience for the user...the combination of a heavy, stiff cord and a lightweight mouse means that the mouse tends to keep pulling away from you or orienting itself in the wrong direction.  the mouse itself is also shorter from front to back, and my fingertips now extend beyond the two main buttons, so i'm clicking with my fingers instead of the fingertips.  i may get used to that in time, but it's disconcerting...since i never used the thumb buttons on the 3.0, i can't say whether these are more or less awkward, but they're a full inch above where the ball of the thumb rests and it's hard to imagine them being useful for much of anything.  i did however, use the scroll wheel a lot, and absolutely hate this new implementation.  i'd read that the click is stiffer than the 3.0, but nothing could have prepared me for how stiff it actually is.  i found it almost impossible to depress the wheel button and will have to start getting used to double-clicking again (which will probably hasten the onset of the bogus double-clicks that caused me to scrap my 3.0).  the change to smooth scrolling doesn't bother me - although i kind of miss the 3.0's "notched" line-by-line scrolling - but the tilt wheel feels junky, is awkward to operate with your hand in the rest position, and you probably won't like the jerky horizontal scrolling it produces anyway...if you're looking for an expensive two-button mouse, this may be for you (if you don't mind constantly fighting the cord for control of the lightweight mouse).  the scroll wheel and thumb buttons seem to me to be worthless...note: as expected, after four months of using the explorer 4.0, it started generating bogus double-clicks.  having to do double-clicks in the "normal" way (since i can't use the wheel for this purpose) apparently wore out the left button even more quickly...microsoft said they'd replace the mouse with the same model, but when i checked my order status, they'd substituted the cheaper comfort optical 3000.  i've notice that several other reviewers mentioned getting this in exchange.  this is the way microsoft warranties work?
good mouse design, bad left click button.i'm on my second intellimouse, the first one the left click button stopped working after a few months of use, i got a replacement from microsoft, the second one has the same problem after another few months of use. stay away from this mouse...poor quality
clicking is broken.i wish i had read the reviews.  my first one of these was broken out of the box. about 20% of the left clicks didnt actually click. i thought it was a rare defect so i returned it for a replacement.   after about 2 months, this new mouse is doing the same thing.  i click and nothing happens, or i double click and it only registers a single click.  ..what use is a mouse if it wont click!
great design, poor quality.i wish i had read the other reviews here!  after just a month or so of using the mouse, the left-click is done for!  like other reviewers have said, the left button has to be pushed with a lot of force to get it to work.  i really like the design of the mouse; the way it fits my hand, the side buttons and everything, it's just not built to a decent quality standard
terrible.....came in a few days. i thought great. yeah, except that it came with the keys smashed in, but you couldn't tell till it was plugged in and it did something crazy to my computer. (took my acct away....yes it did. my husband had to restore it.) not one of my better choices. back it goes and i bought one in a store that i could touch first..
don't but it!.both our computers won't recognize it even with updated drivers unless we unplug it andplug it back in, nd the space bar barely works - very inferior product
no fm.no fm is built in. furthermore, in order to change the battery you have to send the product to service, which binds you to the company with additional battery change costs.  i also found the menus complicated. you can check cnet for a detailed review. if you stil want to purchase, purchase the zen v plus which includes radio
doesn't work well with audible.i bought this as an ipod alternative for audible books .  it takes a long time to start and stop and does not return to where you left off in a book accurately.  maddening.  i'd avoid this if you listen to audiobooks
no password to change settings.purchased the unit and went to play a childrens dvd and it will not play because the ratings setting will not alow it to play.  attempted to change the ratings setting and was prompted for a password.  have never setup a password and the manual does not list a factory preset password.  turns out the ratings setting will not alow any dvds to play.  this is junk!  do not buy.  how can i unlock this stupid machine
broke down in six months.i am very disappointed with this product and panasonic. the dvd recorder is barely used since we bought it in february 2006. a week ago when i tried to finalise a dvd+r it just froze, after trying to reset the dvd recorder i received a split screen on tv. now the recorder does not recognize any dvd format other than the dvd-rom and does not record on anything. we will have to take it for repair. hopefully it will work again.
big problems with panasonic.com.it seems panasonic has become like other corporations in that the customer is treated like the enemy.  panasonic.com doesn't return any emails or calls and even customer service has ignored all of my emails.  i sure hope the recorder doesn't break because there is no way i'd expect any help from panasonic.
beware before you buy!.i am frustrated with this product for 2 reasons.  ..first is not every brand of dvd-rw discs works with this machine.  i bought a 10 pack of jvc dvd-rws (not an off brand) and now i can't use them for anything because they don't work on this model.  there is no warning or mention that not all dvd-rw brands do not work on this machine.  it does not appear that pansonic makes dvd-rw discs, only dvd-ram discs, so using the same manufacturer for the media as the player is not an option here...second is it is not very easy to use.  maybe all dvd recorders are difficult to use, i wouldn't know since this is my first one.  even a simple function like recording over an existing program requires the use of the remote and going through a few screens on the tv menu.  i am worried about when i loose the remote (it will eventually happen in my house)...i think it is wrong for a company to make a product, advertise that it uses a certain type of media, then (after you have purchased and opened it) find out that there are exceptions to which brand of media it uses if you are unfortunate enough to buy the wrong brand.
break down quickly.i used it for a very limited period of time and then because i was busy, i did not touch it for 3 months. today, i turn it on, it is broken! maybe a power surge? but every electronics around it is working fine. what a piece of crap! i don't think i will buy panasonic agai
does not actually support the tivo.tivo is listed as a supported device but the functionality is not complete. you can't actually step up and down through the menu items one by one, making the remote completely worthless for use with a tivo. also, the support website site printed on the back of the packaging does not work, it appears to be misconfigured. ..the remote does not have dedicated cursor up/down keys, there's a 'menu' mode you must enter first. for the tivo, the menu mode button is mapped to the program guide and so there's no menu mode for the tivo, again, making it worthless
doh!!!.well, it looks nice, it's small, setup isn't hard, the sound is good, and it has several cute little ringtones. however, this phone has a major design flaw that makes it unusable for me: ..there is no way to tell the answering system to record silently! every time it answers a call, it broadcasts both the ogm and the message that the caller leaves, through the speaker! there are volume buttons but they make only a slight adjustment, from loud to medium loud...sometimes, you might not want other people in the room to hear the messages being left on your phone! sometimes, you might be sleeping, and don't want to be disturbed...apparently, this never occured to the motorola product designers. doh!!! what a boneheaded mistake. mine is for sale
phone.1-on a desk, the craddle doesn't hold the receiver that well .2- no signal or light to be seen or heard re: messages on answering machin
great features and poor performance.i purchased this phone with 3 extensions based on the company's reputation and the array of nice features. unfortunately the phone system behaved in unpredictable, erratic ways and require lot of time for debugging. for example, the answering machine would stop picking-up for no apparent reason. technical support did their best - but after resetting the whole system and still having problems, i have gave up, swapped it for the similar panasonic system that so far has performed superbly
not for a work environment.we need someone to help us on this phone.  replaced a similar system with the motorola and i am shocked at the crappy features...looks pretty but i can't find it functional for our office.  everyone has had problems with the hold feature ...we may just be use to our old system..but this is driving us all crazy.  there is no clear hold button it goes from a conference lcd button to a hold button depending on the 2 line status.  sounds confusing, but in a busy store it's even worse.     ..we don't like the volume control either.  don't like the handset on the wireless it's too wide!  so..form and function don't follow this one anywhere. ..hope we can find something else soon.....we got this for the 2 line feature and expandable handsets...we won't be expanding
low quality product.i have a 50 disk case logic wallet i got a few years ago and it is fairly sturdy. this thing just seems more flimsy to me. the case itself seems weak and the dvd pockets are made of a very thin plastic. my old one seems like a much better item.
not the oem stylus at all.this is a cheap lightweight substitute made to sell at a low price point. i would gladly pay $20 for one of the original weighty styli that came with my tx
cheap substitute.i bought this product at staples. i thought i was getting a quality product, but as one of the previous reviews says, these styli are very lightweight and don't feel at all like the original (which i unfortunately lost). i wish i could find a legitimate, original replacement instead of these cheap imitations. the stylus end screws on and off and it keeps coming loose while i'm using it; plus, it is not straight so i'm constantly rotating the whole thing to find the correct angle to tap with. i suppose the only saving grace is the hidden pen, which i didn't know was there until i read these reviews. no matter, i don't like it
whimpy.works good on short distance but not for the long haul. 30 foot ok 50 i wouldn't count on it
don't buy anything from dlink.this was a good router for almost 3 years, then it just stopped working one day. it froze up and the manual reset did nothing. the lights came on but i didnt have anything plugged in. it would not network lan or send internet. all functions entirely dead. i think i'm not going to even try to get a replacement, but will buy a linksys or something. pissed that i don't have wireless internet right now
so so..i was looking for a coreded phone that i could plug my standard headset into.  i went to staples to see which phones had this capability, and the panasonic kx-tsc14b did, and at a reasonable price.  please note that i did not require a 2-line phone; it seems that all phones with a headset jack (at least at staples) were 2-line phones...i purchased the phone and was disappointed.  for some reason it made my headset sound very hollow.  as the previous reviewer noted, there is no mute button -- i guess i should have realized that sooner.  the other annoying "feature" was if i had the headset plugged in, the calls were always routed to the headset; even when i picked up the handset!  i could not figure out how to change this behavior...i returned the phone and started my search again.  i found a company that makes great home office phones... aastra.  i highly recommend their phones... or at least the pt-470 which i wound up purchasing.  they also make 2-line phones.  do a google search for "aastra"
great features vs slight flaws makes this skin just "okay".i previously owned an iskin for my 4th generation click wheel, and i was in love with it. my ipod was completely impervious - never a nick or ding to be found once it entered its skin and screen, which i never had to fuss with...obviously, i had high expectations of this product. however, a few idiosyncrasies of its design mean that - for me - fussing is often a must. i am only of medium/low clumsiness, and have an intermediate amount of patience. if you're more dexterous than me - or even more patient - you might never experience these problems. so, caveat emptor...out of the box the iskin seems ingenious. the molded resin case covers all parts of the ipod except for the screen  - yes, even the click wheel. this is implemented splendidly - the wheel is very easily spun even with the thin layer of resin over it. the case is relatively slim, and is easy to slip into the pocket of your jeans...there is a handy flap at the bottom of the case for accessing your port, and a small hole for earphones (maybe not sufficient if your plug is huge). the case has a removable belt clip of dubious sturdiness - good for a long walk, but not for a short jog. you may need to employ some patience to remove the clip, but after the first time it's much easier...the second piece of the iskin is the scratch resistant screen and face protector. this extends to cover the entire front of the ipod, with an empty circle so that you can access your click wheel. it easily protects the wide video-screen, and offers some extra stability when gripping your ipod. the screen nestles into a thin lip that runs around the outside of the resin case to hold it in place...it's a great system in theory, and it probably works for a lot of people, but for me it performs slightly below average...it is hard (sometimes incredibly so) to nestle the screen into the entirety of the thin lip of the resin case. the directions offer very encouraging suggestions for executing this process, but even the most steady hands may fumble to try to keep one side of the lip pressed onto the ipod while maneuvering the top of it up to sandwich the screen. and, as hard as it can be to lock into place, it easily slips out while manhandling the ipod, or even while it's resting in a pocket or bag...(a by-product of this is that it's easy to get dust or fingerprints on the underside of the screen, which might bother you enough that you have to start over again.) ..if screen placement were the only problem i wouldn't fault the iskin. however, a hard to refute design flaw exacerbates the issue: the top of the resin case covers the hold switch with a hold switch-sized piece of resin...it's a simple flaw; the skin doesn't move in the same way a hold switch does, which makes it easy to lose the edges of the hold switch under the resin. as a man with short fingernails i am often left helplessly jabbing the case with pen caps to try to lock or unlock my ipod. and, the jabbing tends to jog the screen loose from the upper lip, sometimes necessitating a partial screen reinstall...many users cut out the hold switch cover, but the need to immediately alter a purchased product is not a feature - it's a flaw. i was afraid to cut out my hold switch - if the cut wasn't superb i'd ruin my product and render it unreturnable...in short: the iskin offers solid protection, but it might be incompatible with your thick fingers or short patience. if either of those issues sounds bothersome i suggest test-driving a friend's iskin before buying - you might loathe it, but you might love it
i cancelled these headphones.i own a set of sennheiser pxc 250 noise canceling headphones.  i reviewed them for amazon a couple of years ago and gave them 5 stars. they are great.  recently i got my wife an ipod nano and she stole my headphones. so i needed some new ones.  i read all the reviews on noise cancelling headphones (i fly a lot and the sennheisers were great for listening to anything on a plane or even just canceling out ambient noise) and decided to try the panasonic rph300 based on the reviews and the fact that the cord on the panasonic was a little flimsy for my wife (she broke one within a couple of days of first wearing it while moving around)...today the panasonic came.  at first i was excited because it lacked the somewhat bulky battery pack that contains the noise cancelllation circuitry in the sennheiser, and the connecting cable was more robust.  i put in the battery and hooked it up and...... no appreciable noise cancellation.  the large, snug, ear-covering phones themselves block out more noise (and conversation) than the sennheisers do but there is no appreciable electronic noise cancellation at any frequency.   the headphones sound fine as headphones but they do generate hiss.  they do not work at all when turned off (or with a dead battery) which makes it impossible to a/b the noise cancellation effect.  and to use the headphones without a battery!  and they are much more bulky than the sennheisers.  and do not even fit in the (large) case that they come with.  end of story.  immediately back in box.  my first-ever return to amazon.  do not buy these headphones if you are looking for noise-cancellation
dont purchase.within 5 months this product proved worthless. if i attempt to use it i enjoy a symphonic medley of 100% volume, no static; to 60% static at reduced volume; to no volume at all.  have used other ipods with it and received same result. ..doesnt help faciitate your ipod addiction and is frustrating as all hell on those long rides
they start fine, then degrade into noisy annoyances.i have gone through three of these; i purchased two and one i got as a warrantee replacement.  each failed the same way.  they start out fine, then gradually start making more and more mechanical noise.  eventually the noise becomes so annoying that the unit needs to be replaced.  i give it two stars only because it dies over time rather than all at once
it does work, but it's noisy noisy noisy!.this was a huge disappointment.  it did work, but i had to crank the volume way up in order to hear anything, and there was this incredibly annoying loud clicking-clacking sound, nonstop
piece of crap is pretty accurate.tried it on two different car stereos.  on both, experienced no bass reponse and much treble distortion.  this is junk.  i'm beginning to believe that belkin could care less about the quality of their products.  i had another attachment of their's for reading compact flash cards and had to trash that as well.  same issues - extremely poor engineering (if they know what that is) and very unpleasant to use.  i feel like i was ripped off on both items
piece of crap.lasted me for two months, and then fell apart. the wire came lose very easily after only moderate use. there was so much clatter and noise when i hooked it  up. use to own a sony one, which was cheaper and lasted me two years. this is a piece of crap, don't but it
distracting clatter.noisy, rattling clattering and very distracting even over moderately loud music. the plastic gears constantly rattle and drown out all but ac/dc on 10 (mine goes to 11
too much sound (not the one you want, though).it makes a constant white noise in the background of the music you're playin
beware!!!!  can't roll back the hands of time....we did quite well with these speakers when our daughter had an ipod-mini.  when she got her "new"  ipod for xmas of '05,  we ran into such bad luck with it (the ipod...)  we kept taking it to the "genius bar" and they (god bless 'em!) ended up replacing the ipod 3 times.  then - we found out that the round speakers actually erase the hard drive of the current ipods!!!!  if you have an older ipod,  go for it.  if you have a newer one - you are simply asking for trouble.  i don't see these in the apple stores any more for a good reason
a large white plastic donut.recently, these speakers became stuck in the loudest volume and i was unable to turn the volume down. the jbl web site said there is a defective chip in some of the speakers and that jbl would replace the chip. unfortunately they claim mine was not one of the ones eligible for recall, although the sympotoms are identical as described on their web site...i was given these speakers as a gift for christmas 2004, so it is out of warranty. jbl said they would take it back for repair if i was able to provide a receipt. naturally, the giver no longer has the receipt, and the credit card company is unable to provide documentation, so i am stuck with a large white plastic donut. i have had the use of these speakers for 1 year and 8 mos. before they became unusable, so i suppose jbl feels this is long enough...i would have hoped that a $160 piece of equipment would have lasted longer, especially since i never played it loudly to begin with, being in an office, but this is symptomatic of our throwaway society. certainly i will never buy anything from this manufactuter in the future...finally, here's what jbl's "customer service" had to say:.."i can understand your concern.  however, your unit did not fall under.the defective units.  you also have to understand you would be out of.the warranty period anyway.  the warranty period is 1 year from the date.of purchase.  however, i was willing to make an exception for the.warranty if you had a proof of purchase..."if we were to honor any claim made by a customer, we would go out of.business.  we need the receipt to protect ourselves and our customers..i'm sure you would be upset if someone robbed your house, took your jbl.on stage, broke it in the process and we sent them out a new one.  it.only takes a couple of bad seeds to ruin it for all honest customers...."best regards
good sound, but........i bought it for my ipod 60gb - no not the video one - the big one for audio  stills only which has a larger body...i like the sound from it and the size for throwing in a bag to take to work. ..it is about 3 weeks old...if it isn't just perfectly mated to my ipod - no sound comes out. i did not buy the $40 remote that comes with the de luxe version and that is okay. ..so if i go select another file on my ipod while astride this thang - after i have done so - the connection gets loose and i have to fiddle to re-adjust the ipod...i can't help but wonder if i am bending or hurting my ipod' bottom port in doing so. they did supply about 3 plastic inserts - all for nano or other models. i have to use my ipod stuck in with an adaptor - won't fit...so if you have an ipod - go see this in a store to see if your unit fits before buying it here. and the best price that i have seen for it is on amazon.com
garbage.i've gone through two of these things.  first one, the connector broke.  the second one, the right side speakers quit.  niether was more than six months old...they're garbage
stylish, but sub-par support and documentation.this goreous remote is likely to fill any need you might have for controlling your entertainment center, replacing all the other remotes in your house. cd, dvd, tv, and cable are handled here, so there's no real problem.....no problem, unless your device is older, or special, and requires special programming instructions. this "learning" remote fills the need, at least theoretically, but repeated calls to the maker yielded no results. moreover, the instructions as stated had no effect on my gear, making this purchase costly and annoying. this lack of support is at odds with the broad promises. it's especially frustrating when you consider how well-built and elegant this remote is. ..some programmable remotes have an auto-program feature that finds your devices for you without pressing a long series of codes for each device. i wish this remote had a feature somewhat like that, or at least the sort of help that would make this usable
don't waste your money on this remote.the cable box i'm trying to control is in my bedroom.  i use an rf converter to feed the signal from that box back into rooms of the house that don't have a cable box.  but even from the room right next door, the remote won't work reliably.  yes, there is a closet between the two rooms, so the signal has to go through two interior walls (with no plumbing or wiring within them).  but still, this is a distance of less than 18 feet...when you add to that the fact that there seems to be no way to control any but the most typical of functions (for instance, it won't control the dvr part of the cable box), it's pretty much worthless.
not as good as i hoped.i bought this remote control based on high review rank. but i was not as lucky as everybody else. mine worked only with two out of six devices. supplied codes didn't work and i had to spend about 2 hrs trying to set codes manually. plus the user's manual is not really helpful. so, i had to return it back to amazon. i guess i'll wait for some other company to come up with something better
good but buy extended warrantee!.it's a great phone. it has more bells and whisles than a mortal can use, including an anwering machine in every handset. i have three handsets to go with the base unit, which covers my two-story house nicely. a little over a year since i bought them, one of the hand units began to go beep erratically with the function window flashing and running around the features. the battery was on "1" but was not accepting the charge. i switched batteries. the unit did the same crazy song and dance, as if someone was rotating the joystick button. this joystick button seems to be "stuck" electronically. must be the circuit board. there is nothing by way of support on the panasonic website. so i am about to replace the unit on amazon. in twnety years of woning panasonic phones, this is the first time, i've had failure. stuff happens, as rumsfeld used to say.
don't order from discount office supplies.they sent the wrong product and refused to accept the package back or send the correct item..
you will not receive what you ordered!.if you order this item, you will receive the lower-capacity q5949a. i ordered it through tiger direct and, while they allowed me to return it, they made me pay for shipping
switched product.discount office supplies sent me the 2500-page yield 49a cartridge instead of the 6000-page yield 49x cartridge that i had ordered.  seems to be a pattern with them.  don't order from them!..fortunately amazon's a-to-z policy enabled me to get a full refund,including shipping charges
49x or 49a.i bought a 49x cartridge from amazon a few months ago and when the package arrived it was the low yield 49a so be wary about this purchace. even on the technical details page it says 2500 copies and on the first page that we all see it says 6000 pages, be very wary
good lookin radio.wont play inside my house and stay on 1 station. tuning knob wont let you set it at 1 station, about 3 come blasting thru. the volume switch is as poorly made too. you cant adjust the volume to the right setting..dont buy this, it looks good, but wont play inside, i have put an antenna on it to the outside, it didnt help, i havent taken the radio outside. the older radios were great radios, this is a cheap knockoff running on the old radios name...amazon is a great company, tho. this is just a bad product..shipping was great, packed right, just a bad ripoff from the people that owns the rights to the radio..sign me, displeased. .dale malone
incompatible with 13" macbook, hard to operate.i just bought one of these at our university bookstore, and returned it a week later. ..specifically:..* i used it on my 13" macbook, it pulled and warped the exterior plastic each time i locked the computer, enough so that it wouldn't surprise me if continued usage of this lock would permanently damage the macbook casing...* a store employee who recommended the product tried to show me how to "correctly" use the lock. not only did it warp the plastic for him, too, but to his apparent surprise, it also took him several frustrating minutes just to get the lock on and off. he indicated that the quality appears to have dropped considerably from the kensington unit he had previously purchased...thus, i cannot recommend this product for 13" macbook users. users of other computer models may wish to exercise caution when purchasing as well
shoddy, poor quality.the cable itself is ok, but the lock is very poor quality. the internal mechanism on my lock unscrewed itself from the body of the lock after about six uses -- and no, it was not tampered with, or at least the anti-tamper mechanism had not been activated. this product is worth about $5 and does nothing more than avoid tempting honest people. i'm sure the proper tool would pop the lock out of the security port in two seconds.
cables are not theft proof.as most should know, cables are not always the answer to locking your assets. a determined thief will not let a 1/4 of an inch metal cable stop him from getting what ever pleases him. all it takes is small tool called a cable cutter! for one with a strong hand, it will only take seconds before the cable is cut in two. so before you go on and buy a cable, beware! i strongly recommend anti theft alarm devices, they may be more expensive, but will surly save you long term. you may already see them appearing in electronic stores, just ask any employee where you might find one.
died after warranty expired.the display looks good when your first purchase it, but parts are cheap and speakers are terrible. the power supply died exactly one year after purchase, just in time for the warranty to expire. look elsewhere for lasting quality
customer service is terrible.within 9 months of purchasing this monitor a thin red line appeared that ran from the top of the monitor to the bottom.  when i contacted the company for repairs the customer service was terrible.  i was never able to reach a live person, was constantly disconnected, and informed the only way i could be guaranteed that my product would be accepted for repair was to return it in its orginal packaging (9 months later mind you).  i would not purchase this product again purely based on service issues.
kensington auto charger fm transmittter for ipod.i bought this after reading all the excellent reviews. i was very disappointed.  the reception was bad in my car and in my girlfriend's vehicle.  i tried all the frequencies and different ipods (nano and mini).  i sent it back.
targus pa243u notebook portable lapdesk.i bought this product primarily to elevate my laptop for cooling.  for that purpose it works however for the price i expected something of a much sturdier construction.  this product wobbles when i am typing.  i bought this particular product because i thought it would be handy to have a portable lap desk.  when used as a lap desk it needs to be supported in the center.  if you try to pick up it from the sides with your laptop on it, it starts to bow in the center.  i think it would not take much for it to break.  i've been using this product for a couple of weeks and i am starting to feel more ripped off the more i use it...also i noticed that for some reason not all the reviews listed under this particular product actually are about this product.  one review spoke of an on/off switch; there isn't anything like that one this.  so read the reviews carefully.  ..normally i am usually very pleased with everything i have purchased from amazon and more then once my purchase has exceeded my expectations.  but this particular product falls very short of what i had expected to receive...this particular product is too flimsy for the price. i'm seriously thinking of looking into returning it even though i think i've actually had it for a least a month
lucky it was dead-out-of-the-box.while in an electronics store the other day i had an "impulsive buyers attack" and bought this system without researching it first.  fortunately, it was dead-out-of-the-box (doob), which means it simply did not work.  i say fortunately, because after my purchase i discovered that two friends had also purchased the system.  before returning my dead system to the store, i visited my friends to hear how the system sounded.  both used the system with their pcs--one had the same problem i had (doob), but unwittingly exchanged it for a working one.  the sound of both systems was very poor.  1) the satellite speakers were full of static from the computer, i guess and there was just no getting away from the static no matter what we did.  2) the base woofer was overly boomy, which for some types of music might not be noticeable, but for pc sounds and mp3s is not acceptable.  again, we tried every adjustment possible to cut down on the distortion but to no avail.  3) one final thing that bothered me, a list of the usual system specs that consumers often use to compare models was no where to be found--not on the box, not in the box, not in the manual.  the box only says "power output 68 watts" which one must assume is peek power.  interestingly, as i researched this product on the web, i saw several listings showing only 40 watts for power output.  granted these could have been typos or copywriter mistakes, but it didn't give me a warm fuzzy feeling about this brand...i got a full refund from the store, deciding that i'd better shop around a bit more and do my homework.  think you'd be better off not wasting the time i did and just go to a better known brand.  the music and sounds that come out of my computer are important to me because i work at a computer all day long.  a speaker system that sounds poor and has quality problems is not a great buy at any price.  good shopping!
beware this brand.my usual policy is to give non name brands a chance, as often with electronics the quality is superior to bigger brands which are only concerned with how many corners they can cut and still make money. this is not at all the case here! the quality it seems of ca product down the line is absurdly poor. i have some with lights, one set i had to replace immediately because the a light went out and made a loud humming noise. the second set a light is starting to go out and worry these ones will be junk as well. also, the sound quality doesn't hold up at good listening volume, it actually crackles. save your time with this defective stuff and get a different brand.
no go for dvd-rom.this player do not play dvd-rom. this is strange since most burners would set the book type of your dvd to dvd-rom to ensure compatibility with most dvd players. interestingly, philips decided not to ensure that this player is comptible with the common book type..i would not recommend this player to anybody. i've had too many problems with philips dvd players.  there are better players at comparable prices.
not happy.hard to figure out and organize music... battery life not what is promised and needs to be changed often... don't recommend it. very "not happy
disappointed.a year later and i wish i had the money for an ipod. i have been having the audiojack issue for a long time and don't even take my player with me anywhere anymore. what's the point of having an mp3 player you can't walk around with? ridiculous
don't do it!!!!!!!!.this product is amazing - when it works. which for me, was two months and why it gets two stars. i originally gave it one, but when it does work it really is awesome, absolutely no complaints. mine froze and died two months after i opened the package. unfortunately, i couldn't get it fixed because it was a gift from an ex who i was no longer in contact with by the time it broke. after it froze i frantically scoured the web trying to find a way to reset it. that didn't work. i changed the batteries, etc etc it was just dead. i thought about buying another one until i read all the reviews with similar complaints. i am not an apple person, but since that is all there seems to be i finally gave in last night and bought one and so far i love it. i initially resisted because of the software (i thought i hated itunes) but i am getting used to it and liking it! so this is probably not what you want to hear, but this is my advice - skip this and buy yourself an ipod just like everyone else. there is a reason it is so popular!!
don't buy anything from creative!!!.we bought three creative players.  my husband and i have the zen micro and my daughter the zen 20gb.  all three of ours just froze up and stopped working with one year.  i didn't even use mine but maybe two hours per week.  good thing my daughter's was within her one year period by a couple of days. she still had to pay $25.00  now my husband and i have to just junk ours and buy something else.  customer service is awful!!  they won't talk to you unless you show your receipt at least three times.  what a piece of garbage!!
zen micro is the worst piece of junk i've owned!!.warning!!!!!don't waste your money on this piece of garbage!!!!it's hard to believe creative had the nerve to release this buggy piece of garbage. .the zen micro was recommended for its superior audio quality over the ipod.  however, i could not put up with it's dismal performance.  i had to retire it and get an ipod.  the software was slow, cumbersome, and crashed constantly when i would try to upload songs.  with itunes you can change songs using a batch method, but with creative's software, you have to go through every mp3 one at a time!  that's a lot of songs on a 5gb player!  what takes seconds with itunes, takes hours and hours and hours with creative.   .the micro would keep rebooting, and was very slow between songs.  touch sensitivity was annoying, especially compared to the ipod.  i tried updating to the new software, but that made the zen micro perform even worse! after rebooting, it "rebuilds" the library, which takes a couple of minutes. when it finally reboots, it takes so long to play a song you select, oftentimes you press play twice to make sure it registered, which of course pauses the mp3.  very frustrating. designwise, the micro is far from "micro", especially compared to the 5gb ipod. .the zen micro shouldn't even be considered to be in the same catagory as the ipod.  if you're considering getting one, go with an 8-track instead.  you'll be happier
let me save you some time and frustration....don't get this card if you are buying it for its "range" capabilities.  i paired this with it's rangemax router and it wouldnt even pick up the network.  both my centrino chipset and ancient d-link 802.11b usb adapter pick up that same network.  ..the router is decent but i am very disappointed with the failure to live up the claims on the box.  3.5 year old hardware shouldnt be able to beat the paired "rangemax" combo.  ..the router is decent.  although the router gets "weak" signal according to the d-link utility, it is very quick with internet whereas other networks with the same signal strength are not as good.  i can't really recommend a good range-specific combo for high data rates, i can just tell you to stay away from this...ps i tried a linksys range extender and it couldn't pick the network up either.  i would skip that solution too
stay away from this netgear wpn111 rangemax.don't waste time purchasing this usb adapter! it had problems right from the start when installing the software. had to call netgear but guess what? they are outsourced workers from india who don't know what they are talking about! believe me i had to go to their website to figure things out myself? can you believe the us outsource jobs to other countries who can't speak english plus are not qualified to answer your questions? i called 3 times so it was not a coincidence? anyways, keep away from this wpn111 adapter no more range than a wg111t 108mpbs( better to purchase the wg111t because better signal than the wpn111 rangemax
not even compatible with its own equipment!.bought the rangemax wireless router about a year ago and don't notice that much difference from netgears old 108 super g router.  that one was rock solid for me and connected to everything as advertised.  however, after 3 different computers and hours of frustration i've about given up on getting anything above 54g using the wpn111 with the rangemax router. technical support was no help after several frustrating email exchanges there. ..the fact that the wpn111 won't connect at 108 speeds is particularly frustrating when netgear's old super g card does so without a hitch!..(...
have an ibook? don't buy this lock!.i posted a review two weeks ago, but it hasn't appeared, so i'm trying again...i bought this lock two years ago.  it has always been difficult to remove.  (note:  despite what some other reviewers seem to think, it does not have a motion detector - that's a different lock.)  recently, the lock decided to remain firmly inside my ibook, despite my efforts to remove it.  after a fruitless call to targus's customer support, i finally got it out.  that took over 30 minutes of struggle.  my next step was going to be purchasing a hack saw.  apparently, the targus lock is not a good fit for ibooks.  i'm going to send mine back and demand compensation.  if you own an ibook, i strongly suggest you buy a lock made by someone other than targus
targus pa400u defcon 1 ultra notebook computer security system.i had this for approximately 2 years. it worked fine for couple of months but suddenely started to activate the alarm without any disturbances. one day i left my laptop attached the alarm in my office for about half an hour. during this period, the alarm was activated and i was embarrased to face my office workers. this is without increasing the sensitivity of the alarm. i sent it back to targus and they were nice enough to give me a new alarm. but after several months, it started the same problem.. so, now i am afraid to use this security system with my laptop. but i did not face problems like changing the combination by its own. you can use it without the alarm activation (i.e: without batteries) but the cable is so thin, it is not recommended to protect any valubles
combination mysteriously changed.i had been using the lock for my laptop for the past 4 months without any trouble. all of a sudden, today, as i went to pick up the lock, which had been left untouched in the open position overnight with my combination in it, it decided to change combinations by itself. so it was in the locked position but the combination is still the one i had set. i tried so many combinations 'around' mine but obviously there are so many different possibilites. the fact that i even have to try to think of what combination my lock decided to change itself to today makes this a lock i can't rely on
changing combos.i am a student living in a dorm situation and so wanted some basic protection for my lap top computer.  i purchased the defcon cl because it was inexpensive, widely availible, and easy to use.  unfortunately, it has one major drawback, occasionally it decides to change the number combinationss which unlock it.  i went to the company website and they suggested trying the numbers immediately around the combination and if that failed trying all the number combinations possible (there are 10,000).  several hours, one blister, and 1787 combinations later, i got frustrated and used a jewelers saw to cut through the connection to my computer (this solution took only five minutes).  i would not suggest this lock to anyone who lacks the patience to try trial and error experimentation until they reach the correct combination, nor anyone attending a school with a metalsmithing program
slow with my camera.i bought this for my casio digital camera given the great price.  i figured an sd card is an sd card.  problem is, compared to my san disk or cannon cards, when it is loaded into my camera, there is a significant and annoying wait between taking pictures.  as a consequence, it has been relegated to the backup disk to my 256mb card.  i haven't bought a pny product since, bc rather than a bargain, this brand may be a "get what you pay for" thing.
pny  512m.i purchased one of these units at walmart.  neither my emachine nor my hp pavillion will recognize it
junk.mouse tracking works fine, even without a pad as it should. however, the wheel quit working on mine 10 days after i bought it. i took it back to wal*art and bought a logitech optical "click!" mouse which works great
let the buyer beware.this phone did not work. i called the panasonic service center and was told that items bought on amazon did not have a warranty since amazon was not an approved retailer. finally was able to get a return voucher which i did not use since the additional mailing charge would have almost equalled what i had already paid for the phone.
avoid.like others have said the vcr stops working in less than a year. junk avoid
lack of quality  durability.in less than a year, the vhs tapes record badly with a wobbly/wavy quality that is murder to watch.  the dvd player never did work quite right--the brightness of the screen keeps fluctuating, and alternates between normal and a dark reddish picture that resembles a blackout in hades.  don't spend your money on this piece of work
avoid samsung like the plague.i bought this heap of crap and a samsung tv both have failed after a year..and while they worked for the first 12 months there was always some little glitch or irritating thing that would arise...finally it gets to the point where remote is weak with new batteries installed,it does not play most dvd's after a year, and the tv i boight from these schmucks, just went yesterday. samsung....go back to korea
it's dead, jim..i will certainly shy away from samsung products in the future.  this product lasted barely a year.  our previous combo machine croaked after over three years; my previous vhs player/recorder lasted over 20 years.  sure, the prices have come way down, but how are these cheaper if you have to replace the unit annually?  and what happens to all this hardware in landfills?..a landfill is a good place for our current samsung dvd/vhs unit.  it stopped playing any dvd at all.  we've used a cleaner disc, done compressed air cleaning, all to no avail.  the unit is no longer a combo and we can't watch dvds on our nice new tv anymore.  we're back to the 80s and vhs tapes...do not purchase this or any other samsung combo machine, that's my opinion  i'm sticking to it
broken ... after 8 months?.yeah - so this worked great before it broke.  now the vcr on it isn't working and the dvd player is skipping.  might be because i had the tv on top of it (but the tv is pretty small).  very delicate - put it on a shelf or somewhere out of the way..
not compatible with 5400/5500 ipaqs.wish there had been some mention of this before i got it.  the antenna on the 5400 and 5500 series of ipaqs makes it physically impossible to plug this in using a standard cf sleeve.  supposedly it can work if you use a dual cf sleeve
just buy a new printer.its cheaper to buy a new printer, which comes with the black and color cartridges.  i got a z65 for $50.  its nice to know we live in such a disposable world...
ok phone.....i have had a few uniden phones in the past and this one started out great. after about 9 month it started to cutout. to me it was like i was talking to someone on a cell phone and the signel was hit/miss...then i was on the other end of the phone call. i could hear my wife (on this uniden phone system) just fine, but she could not hear me more then half the time...we tried moving the phone to other phone jacks, reseting it, even taking it to another house and trying it there...it was no use, the phone base was a goner...i did take the actual phone and program it to my family's base (as they have the same system) and the phone itself seemed to work fine then. so it must be something with the base and the incoming signal...about a month later the same then happened with my sisters phone system and then my parents......3 phone systems...all 3 dead.....dont waste your money on "this" system
absolutely terrible.this is by far the worse logitech cordless mouse i have ever used...tons of different features like scroll right and left apart from up and down. ..unfortunately, the basic mouse function is less than satisfactory.  one more proof that more often ends up being less..
this product sucks.i've had this darn thing for less than three months, and the latch broke yesterday. i'm not hard on it at all (in fact, it was simply sitting on a shelf for one whole month due to a break in classes!). .this is a worthless piece of junk. ..don't waste your money.
junk.marginally better than dropping your pda on the floor, i guess. but only marginally - the palm rattles around so badly that any major bump will damage it anyway. the latch is easily broken (mine took about 5 weeks to go) and can easily fall open anyway, and there is no access to any of the ports, so if you want to put this in your pocket and listen to music, you're out of luck..this is an appallingly bad design, and i wouldn't use one if it came for free (which mine did)
how do you open it?.so far, i'm not too happy with it!i just got my hard case and as sad as this is, i can't figure out how to open it! help!
too big for the item it's supposed to protect, and the latch breaks too easily.a few years back i had a palm m515 and palm's hard case for that model pda and i loved them both. the hard case was well-made and fit the pda snugly, protecting the pda quite well from bumps and the occasional drop...the latest incarnation of palm's hard case is something of a disaster. it's a bit too large for my tx, so the pda rattles around inside the case when i carry it in my pocket -- the pda's case is scuffed in a few spots because of the rattling. in addition, the latch on the hard case is plastic and after a little over two months' use, it's already broken. i now have a hard case that won't click shut and flaps open at the slightest provocation, offering no protection for the pda at all...i got the hard case at no charge as part of a promotion when i bought the tx and i would never consider buying the product at any price
worthless case -- save your money!.this case reflects very poorly on palm's product line. it doesn't fit a palm t|x tightly, isn't padded on the interior, and it's hard to get the stylus out without lifting the palm out of the back of the case...like other reviewers, the plastic latch on mine broke after a couple of month's very light use. then began the nightmare of getting palm to honor their 1-year warranty -- and that experience was another sad reflection on palm. i've spent almost an hour and three phone calls with no success. the indian tech support are clueless about accessory warranties and palm's phone directory seems designed to avoid warranty claims on accessories...my advice: buy a boxwave activecase -- it fits better and boxwave even responds to email!..i have owned palm pdas since 1997 and this accessory was my most disappointing purchase
latch breaks too easily.the first time the latch broke, i thought, maybe it was because i dropped the case (with the palm in it).  i bought another case and then broke that one in the exact same spot (a very thin plastic vane that is the 'click' of the latch) - but this time, it was just a bump into the arm rest of a chair as i was putting the palm into my coat pocket! this is definitely a design flaw.  a company as well established as palm shouldn't have let this go to their customers - it was irresponsible
this case is worthless!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.i bought this case hoping that it would protect my palm and it does so; however, the case itself is already broken and i have only had it for a week. furthermore, it makes quick access absolutely out of the question. you have to take the palm out of the case to do anything...hotsync, charge, listen to the player with headphones, etc. do not buy this product!!!!
where's the bass?.overall, a disappointment, though i should not have been surprised ultimately, since the criticisms i have are identical to other reviews.  simply put, bass presence is far, far too weak with these phones.  i was truly hoping that the reviews that said the low bass presence could be compensated for by boosting up the low end on the equalizer were accurate.  however, they are not:  i used these headphones on my mp3 player, a cd walkman, and even my home stereo, and across the board, there was simply no (or at best minimal) bass, even when boosted.  as suggested in some of the reviews, i tried all three sizes of the earbuds and various positions within my ear, all to no avail.  and this is over a two week period of heavy use (7-8 hours day), with no noticeable improvement.   while the clarity and seperation were decent, and the overall sound represented an improvement over the phones that came with the player, i can not live without at least some bass - many styles of music don't sound at all like they should without great bass response (think reggae).  .a further word about in-ear headphones, at least in new york state, all sales are final (apparently there is a law that they can not be returned or exchanged, for obvious sanitary reasons).  i got lucky with the clerk at the store where i purchased these and was able to get store credit.  but since retailers can't restock these, you may find yourself stuck with phones you don't want...a final thought:  if you commute on public tranportation and need phones that contain sound, ear buds are not the only option.  check out sennheiser's px200s, which have better than adequate sound (including bass) and are quite comfortable in a way that buds simply are not.
does not work with bmw factory radio.i drive a 2001 bmw 325ci with a factory bmw radio (not harmon kardon). the belkin will charge through the cigarette lighter but does not fit quite right, it wiggles around. when i use the attachment ring provided in the box it won't fit at all. the ipod will charge and play when in the cradle but no signal transmits to the radio. i literally spent 1.5 hours, first by myself, then with a gadget-knowledgable friend, going through every single fm frequency. nothing but silence, even with the ipod volume turned all the way up. the ipod works fine with head phones, by the way. .granted, i may have gotten a defective belkin, but i won't be trying another one for the simple fact that it won't even fit my cigarette lighter snugly..bmw owners- be sure to read the return policy carefully before you buy this
worthless!.this thing is unusable because it is too fat to fit 99% of my usb ports.  it won't fit the recessed ports in the front of my desktop, it won't fit the ports in my laptop if the network cable is also installed, and it won't fit the rear usb ports of my desktop if the monitor also happens to be plugged in!  unbelievably stupid design.  look for one that is more narrow
works good, but....don't buy this item. due to its absolutely moronic shape (although ergonomically comfortable) it will not fit into many usb ports. it is too wide. that's something i didn't even consider when buying it. of course a jump drive would fit all usb ports...that's its sole purpose, right? imagine my surprise when i got to class one night and the powerpoint i'd spent days preparing could not be shown because my stupid jumpdrive would not fit in the usb port...all of this is really too bad, because on the computers it does fit into, this item functions like a dream. never a problem. too bad, so sad, but at least it appears lexar has learned from this mistake
it was ok up until it died!.it was a great flash drive to carry around my keychain but after a month from purchasing it the cap that covered the drive was lost. it is very flimsy and not secured tight. the functionality of it was great but i was really disappointed when the drive just suddenly died on me one day. i thought at first that it could have been my computer but it was the drive. thank goodness i saved all of my information on my computer before it died or else i would be a very unhappy costumer. my advise is to go with another flash drive. you will run into problems trying to fit in the tight usb drive of your computer due to its design and more than likely will have to purchase another one within a year. still don't take my word for it? read other peoples comments and you will see what i am talking about
get a different one.the reason i give it one star is a major design flaw:  the thing is physically too fat to fit into a lot of usb ports!  look at it.  whose idea was this?  obviously if you buy something like this, you're gonna want to plug it in to a variety of yet-unseen computers...well, the problem is that the usb ports on the front (and back) of many towers (many of the more common dells and compaqs, for example) were designed with a cable in mind, not a bulky object like this.  you'll find in many instances that you won't be able to bodily cram it in far enough for the os to detect it!..i don't have a problem with lexar, and the engineering and software program behind this thing are certainly up to snuff, but the fact that you physically can't insert it into a variety of towers must be reckoned a deal-breaker.  don't buy it:  you'll be sorry...however, lexar, i must say, learned its lesson.  look around on amazon for "lexar jump drive gb" and you'll see some of their newer sticks, which have been designed to be much slimmer and therefore more universally plug-innable
doesn't do much..as someone else pointed out, "all the dock does is make the ipod stand up instead of lying there." that's it. you'd think for $40 it would also include, say, an extra connecting cord or wall plug so you could charge the thing while it stands up. but no
ha you think this dock charges your ipod? think again..why waste the money?  i bought two of these - one for a 10g ipod and one for a 15g ipod - it charges neither.  the box even states that it will not charge these models but you don't see that in the advertisements now do you
definently not worth it.i looked at it on the internet and for some reason i thought it was an amazing idea. actually, its very useless. i thought that it would be really good because it has a line out plug in it which allows you to play music while its plugged in...well it can do that without it. anyway for some reason my computer doesn't even allow it to play while its plugged in. i used to be able to have it plugged in yet be able to play music. now it just shows either the quot;do not disconnectquot; sign or the quot;you can disconnect nowquot; sign. i don't know whats wrong but i don't like it and i don't want my dock connector
look at the belkin leather flip case for ipod.instead of high-quality schoeller "woven nylon" overpriced because its an official apple product take a look at this ..belkin leather flip case for ipod.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b0000ulgp8/103-7100148-9677456?%5fencoding=utf8v=glancen=172282.currently on sale for fourteen dollars..in this picture you can see that the front of the case covers the click wheel just like the apple case does...i personally like that because i need tough protection and just carry the ipod in its case in a bag or purse and its safe with a tough case like this
this clip caused my ipod to fall into a toilet!!.it's true. the first time i took my ipod 60 gig out on my belt, i was at a restaurant and used the bathroom. as i unzipped my pants, the carrying case -- with my ipod in it came right off my jeans and fell into the toilet. apple should be ashamed of themselves for making this thing. the design of the clip can not hold the weight of the ipod. and, like another one on this site said, yes, it does scratch the silver back and screen portion of your ipod. apple executives have been known for their innovative design -- however this is not one of them. instead, xtrememac makes a plastic belt clip device that does not scratch your ipod in any way and stays on your pants no matter what
not worth it.while i initially thought these headphones were acceptable, i can't take it any more.  when i listen to music from the next room, the constant cut-outs whenever i tilt my head and ever-present hiss detract from my listening experience so much that i now refuse to use these headphones.  they are ok if i am right next to the receiver, but i'd prefer to use wired 'phones for that, as the sound is far superior.  i finally tossed them today, as i couldn't even listen to my new cd; more hiss and drop-outs than music.  in my mind, it was money down the drain.  i had another pair of wireless (900mhz) headphones previously with similar results.  i thought the digital tuning on these would reduce the poor reception, but i couldn't tell any difference.  from now on, i'll deal with the inconvenience of extension cords in preference to wireless headphones
got noise if you're listening.i use these headphones to listen to streaming audio through my computer.  i have found that the noise (primarily hiss) is significant.  i plug them into a logitech surround sound unit and have to turn the volume all the way up on it, volume all the way up on my software volume control, and then turn down the volume on the headphones.  if i don't, the hiss is intolerable.  additionally, i find the noise that the headphones pick up just walking a room away is large.  i do not recommend them for walking around the house or going a significant distance from the base.  with all the hiss they pick up i cannot call them audiophile quality
stay away from it.too tight, makes your ears hurt after half an hour of use
sony vs bose qc2.i bought these and used them for a year, then received the bose qc2 as a present.  they bose (around the ear) are much more comfortable and seem to do a much better job of cancelling the noise. the sony are hard on the top of the head and their ambient white noise seems noticeably higher and distracting than the bose..i know there's a 10-1 price difference, but i ended up not using the sony pair much, even before i got the bose, because they are just not that comfortable
would not recommend..these are ok headphones, however i would recommend headphones without noise canceling.  you pay more for the noise canceling feature and in reality its not very good. just sounds like static to me. overall i think the quality of these headphones is less than satisfactory
didn't work.i tried to install the software a couple times, called the suport, and finally gave up.  this product probably works for folks in it departrments, but not for the rest of us.
not impressed.the way this works:  a rigid curved upright section is monuted on a clamp base; the upright rotates 360 degrees. a flexible metal tubing section continues to a universal joint.  the flexible section twists about 90 degrees in either direction.  the mounting plate has slots for screws to mount the monitor. ..i found one of the universal joints is too tight, the other was too loose; they could probably be adjusted.  the flexible section is quite stiff.  vertical adjustment is minimal and i was concerned that i would break the monitor case when i repositioned the monitor.  i bought this because i have 2 positions i routinely have to change between. i've decided to return it; i purchased an ergotron neo-flex nf08ld1s (mfr. part #: 45-185-194) which cost $10 less and is easier to work with.  i'm using a viewsonic 20.1" widescreen monitor and i'm happy with it so far
not very good.i can't believe this arm is selling on some web sites for $180. its not worth $20. i had to return my first arm because one of the joints was locked tight and could not be moved, even with tools i could not loosen it. there is obviously no quality control with this manufacturer, as the replacement arm needed a joint loosening with tools. the arm is supposed to be easily adjustable with the weight of the monitor. .however when i loosened the joint and got it moving i found out that this monitor hangs out about 1.5' over my desk from the clamp point, as my desk is only 2.5' in depth the monitor was too close to my eyes. also i could not get the monitor high enough to even be at eye level. i returned the arm and my monitor is back on a pile of books, but at least it's at eye level. i will look for more of a conventional arm that has an arm style more like a conventional clamp on desk light.
disappointment at its best............................i bought this item for my son for x-mas.we are lucky if we got to use it 4 times before it stopped working.products this bad should not be allowed to be sold
can't use on a jet.bought it to use on an airplane.  doesn't have enough volume
poor quality and terrible customer assistance.the unit might not seem expensive and some of the audivox portable dvd players come with nice featuressuch as multi-system or as a package with car mount and ear phones. it's a lure! mine stopped working within a month and after 3-4 uses. it stopped spinning the discs. even though covered by the 90 days waranty...i had to ship the unit to auduxox, at my own cost, and by the time i got it back to test the repaired one, it was past the 90 days. sleek! plus the battery is hooked up on the outside of the unit, with very unsecure hooks. at the slightest touch, it gets disconnected. .totally disappointed in the unit and the company. it came out very expensive $200 for 4 movie viewings
don't bother - company won't cover if it breaks.i bought this for my 2 yr old for a car trip from va to wi and it worked great on the trip.  once in wi however it started to freeze up every once in a while.  either the screen would just go dark and i had to turn it off and back on to get it to do anything, or would say it was loading the disc and just not do anything else after that.  like it didn't recognize the disc even though i played the disc in 3 other players so i know the disc worked.  that wasn't the worst.  .the worst is the company's warranty and customor service.  one month after buying this i tried opening the lid and i couldn't get it to open.  in the process of trying to figure out what was wrong, why the lid wouldn't open, one of the hinges broke.  then i realized that one of the small metal spring pins had come out from under the lid and was preventing me from opening it.  i called the 800 number to find out what i could do, since the player won't work without the lid closed and they said i could pay to send the unit in and pay the flat fee of around $100 dollars to have it fixed.  that is half of what i paid for the whole package...not worth it.  the hinge being broken is considered "cosmetic" and not covered under warranty even though the player won't work now unless i rig it like tape down the button that indicates the lid is closed.  something like that should be covered under warranty, i've only owned the thing for one month!  i would take it back to the store i bought it at except the store in va and i'm in wi for a couple months.  i guess i'm glad i found this out about the company; they lost my business..i would have only given this one star because of the company but the player actually worked quite nice for the month that it did work
why pay more for sony name?  batteries made by sanyo.well, i hate when companies try to profit off a brand name, and not off inovation...i think sanyo should be given the credit for the performance of these batteries, after all sanyo makes them, then sony puts their label on it and jacks the price up...check out the energizer e2 batteries.  also sayno rebrands, and much cheaper. ..anything that is made in japan and 2500mah is made by sanyo....be wary of batteries made in china that claim extremely high ratings.  most of the time, they dont perform as advertised.  i spent lots of time looking for excellent quality aa batteries, and anything made by sanyo seems to be the best
i was tricked by amazon.this memory card is not used in the camera i bought from amazon, which was a canon a610. they advertised the card to be used with the camera and now i have a 256 mb bookmarker. thanks amazo
terrible customer support.about 6 months after i started using my sandisk card in my canon camera, i started to get "memory error" problems.  i reformatted the card in the camera and that got things working for a few more months.  now, reformatting using the camera doesn't work.  ..i called sandisk customer support and they told me i need to reformat using a card reader.  then they told me i am supposed to reformat the card twice a month using a card readder.  when i told them i don't have one, they told me to go buy one, or go visit a local staples or office depot and try to use theirs!  are these guys kidding???  reformat twice a month?  walk into a store and ask the sales guy if i can borrow the use of a card reader????  no way!..when i insisted that sandisk replace the card, they reluctantly agreed to do so, and even then, they said they would only replace the card this once since i failed to follow the "standard procedure" of using a card reader to reformat the card.  all this over a $25 card.  it would have be so much easier for them to simply offer to replace the card at the outset without all the attitude.  i'm never buying sandisk again
was happy, not now.i was happy with this surge protector until last night when we had a power surge. using this unit properly (phone inputs/outputs, etc.) still allowed the power surge to damage my modem.
strange camera.well, i am waiting for christmas to purchase a panasonic dmc-fz20 but since my current digital camera is broken i decided to pick up the sakar one at officemax..it was $25 but with my $10 coupon from officemax it ended up being $15..it is sleek but not worth buying unless, like me you can get it for $15..it comes with software and a usb cable..i had problems waiting for the battery to charge..sometimes the light on the back of the camera would be red other times green..the manual on page 11 (section three ) states " the time has come to download photos into your computer" and then goes on to give extremely simple directions on how to do so..the previous reveiwer mark obviously didn't get to page 11..the camera its in my shirt pocket and is good if i need an emergency camera.
the worst digital camera ever made!.at first i was enticed by the low cost of the digital camera as well as its sleek credit card look. to begin with, the instructions required that i wait for 4 hours before using the camera so that the battery could charge. i stared continuously at the camera for those four intense hours only to end up in agony and unbearable pain upon realizing that the on and off button could only be switched with the use of a knife or sharp object. i figured ok.. no big deal i just need to carry a knife around with me but for a camera that looked so sleek, i was willing to risk it. .four long hours later, i set out to be the world's best photographer and i felt that no one could stop me now that i had a fully charged "digital camera" and best of all, it was only $39.95. so i set out on my photographing escapade by shooting 20 of the 26 available shots. now it was time to transfer the photos to my pc, now here's where things get a little more interesting. as i began to decipher the user manual that came along with the so called "digital camera" i realized that i would have understood just as much had the manual been written in swahili. for instance, i wanted to know how to get the pictures from the digital camera onto the computer rite? so i flipped to the section in the manual entitled "download photos" and here's the opening line of that section, "once you have downloaded photos onto your pc..." what the heck?! no where in the manual does it mention how exactly you download those photos onto the pc. and simply connecting the usb port from the camera to the pc was not enough to transfer the photos. .so after figuring out how to trasfer the dreaded photos onto the computer myself, it was time to view my works of art. what the...all the pictures were black and none of them were recognizable. reason: the camera lacks a flash!!!!!!!!! after realizing this dreaded fact, i looked up my birthday calendar, and it looks like lucky susan is going to be getting my recycled "sakar digital concepts digital camera" credit card sized. .in conclusion, do no purchase this camera under any circumstance. infact, consider it an insult if its been given to you as a gift
cuidado, no es como parece.compr este mismo mouse por la practicidad que ofrece el sistema inalmbrico. pero al abrir el producto, encontr al contrario de un conector usb pequeo como aparece en la foto, una especie de cajita con un cable laaaaargo usb, que aunque funciona igual, estorba en el escritorio donde coloco mi computadora. estoy muy molesta e inconforme por el engao, ya que odio los cables.
cheating.not as advertised.   picture shows antenna just like a usb flash memory, but actually it is a 2"x2" triangular paper weight.  not responsive when mouse is 2 feet away.  not a good buy at all.  sucks..
incorrectly advertised.i bought 2 of these, but when i got them the receiver is a 2" x 2" antenna, with a one foot long cord attached.  nothing like what they show in the picures.  i have returned them and hope to get my refund.  hopefully yours will be as they portray in the ad
disappointing, returning mine.i own (and love) my logitech cordless optical mouse for notebooks, so when it came time to replace my desktop mouse i thought i'd try logitech again. not a good choice. .install was painless, although it does take an awful long time. howver, my problem is that the mouse is "skittish" (all over the desktop, hard to control) and the buttons are unresponsive (somtimes they work, sometimes they don't). tried moving the receiver closer to where i use the mouse, didn't help. maybe you'll have better luck, who knows. but mine's going back to the store.
both the radio  customer service are horrible.i purchased this product less than 4 months ago.  already the cd player does not work.  when i bought this product i was told by amazon that the manufacturer had a year warranty.  however when i called coby they told me that after 3 months you have to pay almost the same amount to have your old one fixed as it would cost to purchase a new one.  ..dont waste your time or your money
piece of junk!.i bought this item from through a catalog company, i paid 90.00 (item price 70.00 plus 20.00shipping)for this junk.  after the cd skipped on cd's it stopped playing them altogether.  complete bad investment.  don't waste your money
looks are decieving....i bought this unit 11 months ago on sale from a local department store that said it was marked down 70% from $100.00 to $30.00. i thought that i was getting a good deal. i loved the design, it's compact size and the sound quality wasn't too bad though it could use more bass. a week ago it began to stop in the middle of play and two days ago it stopped reading cds altogether. i used a cd cleaner, no change. i called coby customer service and they told me i could ship it back to them and for $31.00 they would fix it and send me a new one. huh??? when i asked if that meant they would send me the repaired one too they said no they would just send me a new one (for $31.00). so i said "so...basically you are just telling me to buy a new one. no thanks." it's not worth $30.00 and it certainly wasn't worth $100.00
save your money, don't buy this!!.after a few days the cd stopped reading. still the radio is working. in reallity i never expected to get a quality product for 35 bucks, so i'm not surprised
no password to change settings.purchased the unit and went to play a childrens dvd and it will not play because the ratings setting will not alow it to play.  attempted to change the ratings setting and was prompted for a password.  have never setup a password and the manual does not list a factory preset password.  turns out the ratings setting will not alow any dvds to play.  this is junk!  do not buy.  how can i unlock this stupid machine
broke down in six months.i am very disappointed with this product and panasonic. the dvd recorder is barely used since we bought it in february 2006. a week ago when i tried to finalise a dvd+r it just froze, after trying to reset the dvd recorder i received a split screen on tv. now the recorder does not recognize any dvd format other than the dvd-rom and does not record on anything. we will have to take it for repair. hopefully it will work again.
big problems with panasonic.com.it seems panasonic has become like other corporations in that the customer is treated like the enemy.  panasonic.com doesn't return any emails or calls and even customer service has ignored all of my emails.  i sure hope the recorder doesn't break because there is no way i'd expect any help from panasonic.
beware before you buy!.i am frustrated with this product for 2 reasons.  ..first is not every brand of dvd-rw discs works with this machine.  i bought a 10 pack of jvc dvd-rws (not an off brand) and now i can't use them for anything because they don't work on this model.  there is no warning or mention that not all dvd-rw brands do not work on this machine.  it does not appear that pansonic makes dvd-rw discs, only dvd-ram discs, so using the same manufacturer for the media as the player is not an option here...second is it is not very easy to use.  maybe all dvd recorders are difficult to use, i wouldn't know since this is my first one.  even a simple function like recording over an existing program requires the use of the remote and going through a few screens on the tv menu.  i am worried about when i loose the remote (it will eventually happen in my house)...i think it is wrong for a company to make a product, advertise that it uses a certain type of media, then (after you have purchased and opened it) find out that there are exceptions to which brand of media it uses if you are unfortunate enough to buy the wrong brand.
break down quickly.i used it for a very limited period of time and then because i was busy, i did not touch it for 3 months. today, i turn it on, it is broken! maybe a power surge? but every electronics around it is working fine. what a piece of crap! i don't think i will buy panasonic agai
two toshiba 26hl83p tvs with stuck pixels..not please at all.this is one of the worst tvs i have ever owned or seen in my entire life. my first toshiba 26hl83p had one stuck pixel after only 20 days from purchase. i returned it back to costco and asked for an exchange. the customer service staff at costco claimed that a stuck pixel is considered defective. i asked for a replacment and she was glad to do it for me. my second 26hl83p, which i just got today, has two stuck pixels on the lcd screen after only less than five minutes of use. i don't know if the stuck pixels were caused in the transit of shipping, but i don't know what actually caused the stuck pixels. this is my first experience with a lcd product, and i am already having a bad experience with lcd technology, and i feel that i can't recommend lcd to anybody. did toshiba find any stuck pixels during the quality inspection point, because i am very disappointed to see that they passed, and the quality inspection was located in japan. how tragic.....                                walter cha
terrible control key on left hand side.the control key on the left hand side is almost completely broken. i don't notice it in normal use, but in emacs this is a really killer. i'm going to go give my das keyboard another try
beautiful but..........keep your old keyboard and mouse handy.  the dinovo works about 80% of the time.  when it works its nice but you will have to switch to your old keyboard sometimes in mid documen
i don't like it.this keyboard is decent, but the spacebar sticks really bad.  it is really annoying when you are typing really fast and the space bar doesn't register.  i wouldn't care if another key stuck that was less used, but the space bar is one of the most important keys on a keyboard, and if it doesn't work properly then the keyboard is useless.  i would go with the logitech s510 instead, that keyboard has the best tactile feel of all of the keyboards i have used, and i have used a lot.  good luck in your keyboard search
quite disapointed.i recently purchasd the terk am-1000 to use with my ge superradio 3.  when i received the terk, i attached the antenna leads directly the antenna and ground points on the radio.  i was expecting a noticable improvemment.  what i got was a very minimal improvement.  my favorite station still fades in and out like before, although it does seem to be a bit better.  would i recommend that you purchase this product?  not really, as i don't think it was worth the investment
no reception.didn't live up to the reviews i read here. i hooked it up and all that i heard was a weak sounding program with a buzzing sound on a not to distant am station. when i tried to tune it in with the antenna gain control the buzzing just got louder. i had to return it. i will probably have to install an outside wire pull. i think if you have a lot of in home wireless devices such as a wireless router, cordless phones and certain types of touch lighting fixtures you'll get interferance with am signals
problems for xp version.i have a copmpaq laptop that runs on windows xp. the driver software i got on the cd when i purchased the wireless card had problems and so  downloaded the one they have on the website, and for two months i had no problems. once i updated my windows xp and my antivirus protection, it somehow dumped its physical memory contents (the wireless software)as though the software was never installed, and now it doesn't work at all. every time i insert it into the laptop, the system is forced to restart itself. .if there's anyone who has the same problem or know a solution, plz let me know at lsamuel@sunyrockland.edu..i guess a good buy has certain disadvantages to itself
didn't work for me.i followed all the directions but could not get this modem to work in my ibm thinkpad running windows 98se. i even went to the company's website and downloaded the latest driver updates but this didn't solve the problem. i contacted the company's technical support and they offered very little help but did offer to replace the unit. i didn't figure the new unit would be any better than the current one, so i decided to return it to amazon for a full refund. amazon even paid for the return shipping which is more than what the manufacturer offered!!!!
poor led.i returned this alarm clock for one main reason: the led readability. someone else mentioned this before, but the led is meant to be viewed from above. the alarm does have settings for adjusting the brightness of the orange led, the problem is that it's illuminated from top - down, and instead of the numbers being illuminated the background is illuminated in orange. so basically, if you try to read the time when you're looking up to the clock (i.e. if you're laying in bed at or below the level of the clock), it will be harder to read the time because the light (coming from top-down on the display) will interfere with your ability to distinguish the numbers. very poorly designed, in my opinion.
died after 6 months.we had liked this clock for a variety of it's features, but can not recommend   it because it died after 6 months. there is only a 3 month warranty-clue
warning: world's worst alarm clock.last christmas my husband was tired of hearing my cell phone alarm go off every morning, so he bought this alarm clock as a gift.  he had read some amazon reviews and promised me i would love this clock.  the night after christmas, when i first tried to set the alarm for the next morning, i became so frustrated with the clock that i actually threw it at my husband.  the clock is nearly impossible to set.  after 30 mintues, i was able to program the alarm to go off every morning at 5:30...seven days per week.  it is so time consuming to change this awful clock that every morning since i first set it, i have been awakened at 5:30.  as other reviewers have mentioned, there is a rather pesky small button basically attached to the snooze bar, which often causes one to shut off the alarm mid-sleep.  this is never a good way to start your day.  if there are any husbands out there looking for a nice gift for your tired and overworked wife, avoid this horrible alarm clock at all costs!  also, it sets itself to some sort of internal automatic "world time," which at first seems like one of its best features.  however, i have found that "world time" has gained about ten minutes since december, which adds another wrinkle to one's morning routine.  be advised...this clock is a disaster
the most confusing alarm clock with the worst sounds!.i purchased this for my husband who likes to sleep with some sort of noise. i thought this might work. well, the nature sounds are the worst i have ever heard. the lcs is not that big or bright and the snooze button is very close to the off button which is not good. i guess for someone who really likes gadgets and studies their new electonic toys may like this clock, but personally i found it confusing. this is not a pull out of the box and use clock. i swear you couldn't figure out how to set the alarm without the manual. you have to push 3-4 buttons to accomplish it. what we wanted if for was useless and there was way too many stupid extras. we ended up selling ours at a yard sale
echo a problem.was very pleased with this headset until people on the other end of the line started complaining of an annoying echo. very disappointing since the bt150 functioned very well otherwise. only remedy for the echo was the turn the volume down very low. this would lesson the echo, but would be too low to hear well even in a normal noise level environment
echo problems.this headset has echo problems for the person you're speaking to...it's light and easy to put on, but the echo problems are a show-stopper for me
poor sound quality and echos.i got this headset with my lg vx8100 so i couldn't return it...otherwise i would've.  the sound quality is fair at best.  whenever i turn up the volume there's an echo heard by me and on the other end.  on a positive note, it's very comfortable given all the adjustments you can make to the ear hook
not so hot.i bought this unit from the verizon store to pair with my motorola e815. sound quality wasn't too bad but there were some very annoying traits which caused me to return the product..1. while wearing it i would get a single beep in my ear. not knowing what this meant i would look at my phone and the bt symbol would be off. but than the phone start magically dialing whoever i last spoke with..2. why do we need the stupid strobe light? this thing is truly annoying at night in the car. stupid useless "feature?".3. felt "floppy" on my ear. just not good. it was light enough but annoying..this has been returned for a motorla h700. i will report on this after enough time to try it
sound great but only in 2-3 minute intervals.these sound great, the in-cord volume control is nice but these buds don't go *in* the ear and subsequently fall out every 2-3 minutes. and because they don't go in the ear, they don't block out outside noise. i had to max out the volume on my zen vision:m at a coffee shop just to hear my music, figured i was destroying my ear drums. i will try the sony 51's next
sharp pain.i can't keep them in my ears for more then 3-4 minutes. after that my ears are in real pain and i have to take the headphones out. my wife has the same problem. might be ok for people with very very big ears
no bass, muddied, flat treble, no midrange, no good - these things are junk..i bought these bacause of the good reviews; i was amazed upon getting an ipod that the 'phones included with it have so little volume and so little bass.  (i am especially annoyed with that, the whole 'no bass' thing; i love rock and roll and i love it loud and punchy as i ride that mountain bike). anyways, i got these and found that they fit well in my ear, looked forward to comparing with the other phones i purchased at the same time, to test them out against the inexpensive philips phones, the best i'd found thus far...a horrific comparison.  these phones are trash. no volume to speak of. junky midrange, junky treble, muddy, soft bass, no bass, really; it's like listening to music under water, maybe if you have a radio on when you take a bath and then dunk your head under the water - that's how these headphones sound...i'm sending them back for refund but even if they didn't refund the dough i'd not keep them, i'd gladly cut them up with a smile on my lips, a song in my heart...buy the philips hs500 behind-the-head headphones instead.  they absolutely rock, great throughout the entire range, loud as can be (though i'd have them louder if i could - loud is best on that mountain bike), clear, thumping bass, great highs, great midrange, all clear.  and nine bucks, to boot.  i have tried at least twenty pair of phones, the philips hs500 stand alone, the best
don't.just don't buy this router, i bought it to work with my xbox 360 because it is dual-band (a and g). three months after buying it it stopped working for no reason, i trouble-shot the problem and nothing, i called the customer service line and they told me it was a problem with the modem, i had the modem reset and still nothing... linksys makes some good products but their customer support is terrible, just go with a netgear product and save yourself the trouble
depends on what you're looking for.i bought this to try to get some stronger signal to my xbox 360 by setting it to connect to the "a" side and then my laptop to the "g" side.  this worked great and i didn't have the same problems as others with the wep security.  i set that up with no problem...however, then we decided to get voip phone service; and the problems began.  the linksys phone adapter will not work with this device.  i spent about 5 hours on the phone with my voip company before we figured that out.  the phone adapter works with my wired befsr41 linksys router, with my wireless wrk54g linksys router, and directly connected to the cable modem, but not with this thing.  when i called linksys, the person, who i could barely understand, asked his supervisor who said i just needed to call the voip service back.  i made sure they understood that the problem was with 2 linksys products communicating.... they said they could do nothing.  so, i decided to try to connect this a/g router to my wired wrk54g router so that the a/g would just handle the wireless devices.  nope. no go. no matter what i try or what tech support i ask.  my laptop connects to the a/g router with no problem and i can edit its setting through the laptop. the other devices are connected to the internet through the wired router.  but anything connected to the a/g router cannot access the wired router or the internet...so, if this will be the only router or adapter you use, you're fine; it works great. (although i'm not sure that it works better than one of the wireless-g with speedbooster versions) but, if you will ever need to add another router or a phone adapter to it, it won't work, and linksys doesn't know why
just terrible.if you are buying this for the 802.11a don't bother. after fighting to get it even working with factory defaults i finally got it up and running. then i opened port 80 on my firewall and the router crashed and i had to hard reset it. once i finally got it to connect agian i could not enable wep. once you enable wep on the 802.11a network the network stops broadcasting. so long as all you want out of it is factory defaults you may be ok. ..the product basically does not work at all for 802.11a.
horrible.we have a revision 2 with the absolute latest firmware.  on the plus side the thing does work provided that you don't use any of the ethernet ports.  ..however, we have two computers plugged into the ethernet port and the router dies after maybe 3 hours of up-time due to overheating.  if we put it into the refridgerator for about 10 minutes to cool it off, then we're good to go for another 3 hours...what a complete waste
fast, but has bugs.when it is working right, it is fast.  it also seems to have good range.  unfortunately i have to reset it a lot because it either:..1) stops talking to my computers.2) stops talking to the cable modem..i never had these issues with my previous netgear wireless router.  maybe there are some firmware upgrades that would help.  i'm not sure..
doesn't work with hp 5850 deskjet wireless printer + other random reboots.generally i like linksys products and i've been a customer for years, i am also technically knowledgeable yet in this case i have put in a good number of hours on my own and with linksys support to solve my problems with the wrt55ag. unfortunately i would not recommend this router because of these problems that exist even with rev 1.67 firmware on version 2 hardware:..1. wrt55ag will not work wirelessly with my hp 5850 deskjet. i need to use ethernet. this used to work on a wrt54gv2..2. there are daily reboots of the router at random times that i cannot correlate with any particular activity..3. i have a vonage voip subscription using a linksys rtp300 voip converter. the rtp300 is plugged into the wrt55ag and i have given it 'high' qos priority based on the rtp300 mac address. if i'm downloading a file at high speed (through a cable modem) and speaking on the phone concurrently, the wrt55ag will frequently reboot..4. any tweak i make to the firmware settings requires a reboot, this is more of an annoyance rather than a show stopper..5. my first wrt55ag died after 3-4 weeks and i had to replace it, this is probably a one-off incident though...it's really annoying that 802.11a products aren't receiving enough attention these days, since the advent of 802.11g. from my apartment i can see 26 routers with .11b/g but nobody in the .11a frequency range. now imagine my frustration not being able to get the wrt55ag working properly
don't buy this!.i got this thing as a wedding gift.  i attempted to use it after returning from my honeymoon.  it completely corrupted the memory card and of the 80 pictures on the card, only 12 were readable.  the camera then could no longer read them either.  it's bad enough that it destroyed a $30 memory card, but it lost all of my honeymoon pictures which are irreplaceable.  i've had some poor products before, but this one goes down as the worst of all time.
please don't waste your time.this should be the 8-in-1 card misreader. firstly, it was unable to correctly read .jpg files from an sd card, thereby rendering my viewer software incapable of opening the files. secondly, despite two installations (with a complete uninstall between) of the device's driver according to the directions, the device consistently produced a amp;quot;plug-in erroramp;quot; and was therefor unusable. ge, i like your products in general, but please recall this one
i give it negative 5 stars.while trying to get through the aircraft grade plastic i had broken the software disk and wouldn't you know it, can't get the software from ge's website. so i plugged it in anyway and had to wait while win2000pro recognized and built drivers for 8 divices. i probably need anger managment class because i unplugged the thing and broke it in half. guess i am out $25.00. i will never by another ge product
very disappointed with lenmar.everything about this purchase was disappointing. the reason my wife and i got this battery initially was to keep our little ones happy and quiet on a long flight to visit the grandparents. it took much longer than we expected for us to receive this battery in the mail. when it finally showed up only two days before our flight, my wife opened the box and noticed that the battery was slightly scratched and somewhat used looking. after i fully charged this battery pack i plugged it into my portable dvd player and only got about 3 hours and 15 minutes of additional run time out of this battery. this is unbelievable to me considering the fact that lenmar clearly advertises on the front of thier retail packaging in big bold yellow letters "up to 11 hours playtime". when i called lenmar tech support to try and find a solution the tech support guy who took my call sounded like a nice guy and he politely informed me that this was normal that i got only 3 hours and 15 minutes of run time per charge and that unfortunately most portable dvd players on the market are not able to get even near the "up to 11 hours of playtime" that lenmar claims. he also proceeded to inform me that there is also some very small print on the reverse side of the lenmar retail packaging that says "run time depends on power demand". i have a 9v portable dvd player with a 7 inch screen. my gosh, how much additional power demand could that possibly require? what a joke. why waste everyone's time and money trying to promote a product on a promise that you can't deliver? another disappointment about this battery was that it was not compatible with my second portable dvd player only because none of the connector tips fit which actually is not that much of a surprise being that this battery only includes a total of 4 connector tips. also, i'm not very surprised that it looked somewhat used because i'm sure that lenmar probably gets quite a few returns on this battery. anyways, our final resolution ended up being returning this battery for a full refund and then ordering a batterygeek ultra high capacity external dvd battery which showed up the very next day and now gives our little ones a solid 12 hours of additional movie time per charge
don't buy, died on me.i purchased one of these 6 months ago. as i was watching my tv power suddenly went away. i thought it was a surge or a breaker, but to my suprise this unit just stoped allowing power through. i tried to reset, and every thing else.  no lightes are on, it is just dead...i cannot reccomend a product that will die with no warning
good features but ink tank protection system is a real hassle.i chose this machine because of the good feature set and generally good reviews, but i regret the purchase...the ink tanks are an almost constant problem.  i'm using the original ink tanks that came with the machine, and most times when i turn the machine on it gives an error message, either that there are two ink tanks of the same color, or that it can't recognize one of the ink tanks.  in either case, the machine will refuse to print or copy anything, even in black and white, until the error is cleared.  that requires several iterations of remove/reinsert the ink tanks, and/or reboot the printer...probably i would buy an hp machine if i could do it over.  this one is way too much trouble
worst speaker purchase ever.don't believe the hype, these speakers do not live up to the venerable klipsch name. unlike the thx rated promedia series, the sound quality of these speakers is unbalanced and almost painful to listen to at loud volumes. this is due to an extremely bright tonal balance that can't be adjusted because there are only volume and subwoofer volume controls. futhermore, the sensitivity of these speakers is less than adrmirable. when doing the audio mix on a short film, i would think everything sounded great through the klipsch speakers. yet when i listened to the same tracks with my senheisser hd 280 pro headphones i would hear all kinds of hissing and other artifacts the gmx's simply were not producing. however, what makes this product truly terrible is not the sound quality, (i knew these weren't reference monitors when i bought them, they are childishly designed gaming speakers) it is the poor reliability. the first set came with a popped sub. straight out of the box it sounded like a whoopee cusion pooting with every bass hit. at first i thought it was simply a byproduct of bad design, the sub itself has a square port instead of the cylindrical porting i have seen employed on every other speaker. however, at high volume it was unmistakably broken. after exchanging, my new set's sub amp has died, just a few weeks after the return period expired. i'm giving up on the gmx and purchasing m-audio bx5a desktop reference monitors. though a little more expensive, they offer superior sound, as can be demoed at sam ash or guitar center. if you must buy klipsch, go with the promedia, though my friends have also had problems with the subs on those
the kx-tg and tc lines are defective!.i purchased the base unit (which includes one handset) and two additional handsets.  they worked okay for about a month or so, then the handset started inexplicably dying.  sometimes the screen went totally blank and you would lose the call or couldn't dial.  othertimes the screen said that i was too far away from the base (even when i was literally right next to the base).  so i called customer service and they said that it sounded like i needed a new battery (after a month!).  i actually read the directions before using the phone and i wasn't even putting the phones on the bases to recharge after every call so that the ni cd batteries wouldn't develop a memory (they don't use the better lithium ion batteries that do not develop a memory).  so this made no sense.  anyway, i went ahead and bought the batteries (for all three handsets) and that didn't solve the problem at all.  i then went ahead and purchased another handset.  again, no problems for a month and then the same issue.  customer service issued remanufactured phones (4 handsets) and in about a month to 8 weeks all were exactly the same...i know i wasn't doing anything wrong to cause this.  i began searching the internet and low and behold i am not alone.  apparently a law firm in new jersey has already filed a class action law suit against panasonic for the entire kx-tg and kx-tc cordless phone lines.  search "panasonic cordless phone class action" on google.  it will be the first hit.  as an attorney myself (not in any way affiliated with or even previously aware of the firm that has filed the suit), i can tell you it takes a lot of consumer complaints before a law firm decides to invest its resources in a class action suit as they are very expensive and time consuming...so, i've learned my lesson the hard way (although there wasn't anything i could've done differently at the time of purchase).  hopefully, my experience and research into this can prevent you from having to deal with it in the future.  panasonic was unjustly enriched in distributing such a defective product and not having the corporate decency to at least recall it and replace it with a functioning line or refunding our hard earned dollars.  very disappointing and i certainly will not be purchasing the panasonic brand again
only worked in the garage.was initially excited at the clarity of this setup, but then pulled out of garage and experienced quite a bit of static. tried a wide array of frequencies to no avail
be careful what you wish for.after tolerating the annoyance of my mp3 player's earbuds for over a year, i decided to spend a few dollars to get some headphones that wouldn't fall out during a workout...i considered several different sets of headphones here on amazon, and i finally settled on these. i noted the caveats of other reviewers about the tight fit, but i figured that tight fit was excactly what i was after, anyway. after a few workouts with these headphones, here's my thoughts:..the reviewers who pointed out the tight fit were not kidding. these things will never come out of your ears; running, crunches, whatever. the price to be paid for this is definite discomfort. the first ten or fifteen minutes are tolerable, but by the end of your first half-hour with these things in, your ears will really hurt...i'm not a sound quality guru by any means, but the sound from the headphones seems to be just fine. ..in addition to the fit there's a couple of other criticisms to be made about the design, although they're really just nitpicks. this headset has its own volume adjustor built in to the cord, which i imagine will be redundant for 90% of its users (it certainly is for me). the cord is also wound into a spiral for part of the length (kind of like an old pre-cordless telephone), which looks somewhat odd...so all told, if you want a pair of headphones that you won't have to keep putting back into your ears when you're working out, then these are for you.. provided that you have an extraordinary tolerance for pain. i'll most likely be picking up some other headphones shortly
don't buy.no bass and very poor all around sound quality, i returned the item
flawed design.volume control on this headphone (which made me to buy his product) is located close to the pin rather than to the headphone.  construction: pin---volumecontrol with a clip---coiled 15(or so) ft cord---headphone. sounds funny. i returned the product
watch it!  this is a dvd only - a cd drive won't read it..neither the garmin site nor this one make it clear that this is a dvd only.  the product is not available at all on cd, and it will not install on a pc without a dvd drive.  second, you will be disappointed in this product's user interface.  it is clumsy at best, and will be unuseable for some
check with garmin first.garmin tech support told me that city navigator is replacing city select.  check with garmin first if you don't mind thirty minute telephone holds
broke after only a few months.this cassette adapter stopped working after only a few months.  not recommended
i can't see how it would make a difference.why spend more for a top-quality optical cable with a brand name like monster? in the digital realm, the bits are either getting to your amplifier, or they're not. it's hard to imagine how one optical interconnect could be better than another. better cables matter when you are connecting speakers, but i can't see how they would matter here. so, buy something cheaper. or, write another review, if you can explain to us consumers why this might be better
i really wanted to like these . . ..i was very disappointed with this product..i read the previous reviews, and for the most part they were very positive..cnet gave them a very high rating as well..i must echo some of the complaints already listed..i am a musician of over 20 years, so i think i have a pretty good ear..first off, my biggest complaint is one that another person stated..the cable makes so much noise, it makes the headphones almost unsuable..the supplied ear adapters form a tight seal. they make the cable act as a stethoscope..any movement of the cord creates a loud rustling sound..i could hear the sound of my own breathing..i did try some of the other ear adapters. as many had stated, the foam were proabbly the best of the bunch..these earphones are definitely better at imaging and detail than the supplied ipod headphones. .i know there has been some debate, but i must admit, they are sub-par in the lower frequencies..some had said the bass is more 'realistic' or 'natural'. i have to disagree..these earphones do emphasize higher frequencies. ..as far as rejecting outside noise, they do a very good job..unfortuantely, because of the rustling mentioned before, they produce their own noise..it is very distracting, and annoying. i would not recommend this product.
e4 series - not too happy with them.i'm using these with the sansa 6 gig nano equivalent. i was using a pretty cheap set of koss porta pro headphones which are very high rated for the price on amazon for years with my minidisk. i figured let me pick up a nice set of headphones when ordering the mp3 player...the pro is sealing out noise. nyc subway noise is reduced by 80-90% when they are in and cranking. about 60%+ when just in and off. what i did notice is that these are not powerful on the bass and tinny on the high end. midrange seems to be where their performance is. because of their increased impedance which is a gauge for lacking quality in a speaker, you need to boost the volume...i then cross tested the mp3 player and the headphones with different devices and headsets. it was confirmed that the headphones need more power for the same output and they are perform poorly on the bass. the high end is a little annoying too since it seems to outpace the volume setting. meaning, if you have to put the volume to 8 (which is not loud) to hear a song, the treble seems to be on 14 and sounds distorted...like that other high end speaker manufacture where most of their $ goes into advertising and not rd, i think these are very overrated and overpriced for what they deliver. they did not outperform a $50 pair of 3 year old headphones
warning! do not buy this mouse!.for the price that you pay these mice should last alot longer, and the support is little to non-existent.  mine died just after the warranty ended and the manufacturer never returned, or even responded to my emails.  i would recommend any logitec product over this one, do not waste your money on it.  the only reason i even gave it one star was that less than that was not available to choose
doesn't matter how good it can be it it busts.we have had two of these, they both stopped working.  razer pretend they will exchange them but they won't.  this is bait-and-switch but they hope you won't make a fuss for a hundred bucks.  this is a very expensive mouse for a couple of weeks' use but i am sorry to say they have guessed right - i have already wasted too much of my life on arguing about this.  moving to logitech g5 which is not nearly so cool-sounding but might possibly not get ripped off and treated like a moron.  i have to say they work great when you take them out of the box, so it's doubly a shame when they stop working after a couple of weeks and the company basically flips you the bird.  this company would have done great things, and could have even survived the lousy quality of their products if support wasn't so arrogant and condescending
caution, poor product.despite following the instructions verbatim, this product stopped functioning the first time i used it.  it is sitting in its box gathering dust.  i would not recommend it to anyone
doa.i found no signs of life in the viewer even though i carefully followed setup directions. after doing all that, i wondered if i had the flash card inserted properly.  while testing alternative ways of inserting, i managed to shove the card completely inside the machine; it happened rather easily.  it wouldn't come out and since i needed to use the camera right away, i opened the photo viewer and retrieved the card. i had now technically voided the warranty and since i was in no mood to be patient with some disbelieving techie, i threw the picture viewer in the garbage
cheaply made plastic not worth the pice..having just purchased a nano, i decided i need a cord wrap smaller  and lighter than the smartwraps i've been using with full sized ipods.  where the smartwraps are made with silcone rubber, these pkoh nyc earbud clips are made with the cheapest grade of plastic the chinese manufacter could produce. pkoh nyc has a website, where you can see the set of 4 white or 4 black clips are sold out. so to get the only two colors to match a nano, you have to purchase a four pack with 1 black, 1 white, 1 green, 1 pink.  as i wanted two placks, i purchased 2 sets of the mixed. i ordered them from jr via amazon.  when they arrived, both sets were missing the blacks. (shocking since the black and whites are the most desireable).  the fact that jr didn't even bother to inspect the packaged sets really disappointed me.  there was scotch tape on  the supposedly new packages, holding in the white, green and pink...another problem besides the cheap plastic, if your ear buds' wire have any thickness to them, these are useless. spend the extra money and get the smartwrap.  ..i've not only lost my faith in this company, but will never purchase anything from jr again.
piece of garbage.broke within six months and only has a 90 warranty but not til after the battery crapped out and i bought another one of those. dont waste your money on this thing
liked it, until it stopped working.i purchased this product from my local best buy store before the holidays, to use on our 800-mile trip over the river and through the woods to grandma's house.  setup was fairly easy, except that i couldn't find the switch to turn on the wireless headphones (oh yeah, i got those too) output without reading the manual. (it's on the edge of the flip-up screen, btw.) picture quality and operation were fine.  more importantly, it kept our munchkin mollified for hours and hours...but it did not work by the time we reached our destination.  the initial "audiovox" splash screen came up, but the disc did not even spin.  the display would then show a bunch of random colored blocks after a while.  i followed the tip in the manual to let the unit warm up for several hours with no disk loaded after being brought in from the cold.  (we left it in our van overnight during a 10 degree night.)  still no improvement.  fortunately, this happened less than a week after we bought it, so i took it back to best buy when we got home and got a full refund credited to my credit card.  still, it would have been nice to have it functioning for the 800-mile trip home.  ..i don't know if my experience is typical.  i would expect to be able to leave a portable unit overnight in a cold, closed car overnight.   there was no warning against this in the manual.  i originally felt comfortable buying this brand based on my experience with my audiovox cell phone.  i came here to amazon to look for consumer recommendation on a replacement unit.
feeble wireless, buttons decay quickly.worst mouse i've ever used i think. wireless signal is reported as weak all the time, even if i put the mouse right next to the reciever. the latest thing tho is that the buttons have stopped working unless i smash down on them. i've only had it for a few months. after clicking on one button about 20 times before it would do anything, i'm about ready to toss it in the trash
not the best, probably near the worst.my biggest issue is with the scroll wheel.  if you use it to go to the top of a we page you wind up going back to the previous page.  some times you go back two pages.  that makes it pretty much worthless...sad part is i bought it combined w/ their wireless keyboard and will have to replace both.  i should have stuck w/ my old logitech combo
poor design.i installed this mouse, and i have to say i'm returning it.  when i clicked once on buttons, the click never took, so i was finding myself having to click 2x to do what 1 click should have done.  maybe it's a combo of my windows xp and this mouse not working, but i'm not impressed at all.  i'd take my regular mouse back any day over this one.  i also noticed a bit fo a lag time when moving this mouse about and it seemed harder to "target" things - liek i'd click on a line to insert text and i needed to click several times before the cursor landed in the correct spot.  maybe it's just me, but i'm computer literate and this oen just isn't workign for me. back it goes
inside is fragile!.i've had this for just over a year, and it worked great during that time, but then this week, every single file i had on it was inexplicably corrupted (and, yes, i'm sure it was not a virus).  when i called sandisk, the guy told me that the drive had to be reformatted and that there was no way to save the files.  he also said that the reason was probably that i had removed the drive before i had stopped it (and everyone will do that at least once -- sometimes the computer won't let the drive stop).  in my opinion, a flash drive shouldn't be so fragile that one removal would cause everything to be corrupted!
stopped working after 4 days.after a couple of days of it working fine, it just crapped out. i was uploading songs to it when i got an error message. it wouldn't detect it when i tried to format it and did not detect it in the g drive. so i'm getting it replaced and hopefully the next one will be better. i guess the previous poster was right, because it was made in taiwan, not japan. so i don't know, maybe the japanese ones are fine, but i'd avoid the taiwan ones. which is what amazon shipped me..
this television is too large..i went from a sony 42 inch 1080i to this samsung 61 inch 720p.  the 42 inch picture quality is much better.  the 61 inch television is nice but i can clearly detect the square pixels even in high definition broadcasts.  i believe the size and not the brand causes this.  i wish i had not bought this television and i cannot return it since i bought it from amazon.  i will probably get used to it but my first impression is negative.  ..while i'm at is there is no point in buying a 1080p television until broadcasts are made in 1080p.  currently there are none unless you have a $1000 blue ray or hd dvd player.  your 1080p television will not be any sharper than a 720p or 1080i but you will have paid a serious premium in price.
not until amazon changes its policy!!!!!.price is great, but if anything is wrong with it.... your on your own. amazon, please change your policy
great sound, lousy battery.while the product sounds great for the small package, and is quite portable, the battery life is worse than awful.  i bought this to use at tailgating for football games, and was happy, until the battery only lasted three hours.  i took it back, tried another one, and the same thing happened...if battery life is not important to you, the speakers definitely sound good for their size, but if you're looking for something with a reasonable battery life, this isn't it
disappointing.purchased this unit for my girlfriend, for the money it sounded the greatest.  after owning it for 3 weeks the battery quit charging and would not hold a charge anymore.  so now we need to send it back to logitech to get a replacement...so after spending around 150.00 for this we need to dish out extra money to spend to get this returned.   i would recommend going with a different product.  this is not worth the headaches....though is sounds grea
cheap, small and convenient, but fragile.i purchased the sandisk cruzer micro 512 mb about a month ago, and used it daily.  i babied it, keeping it always in my pocket and never dropped it or abused it. nevertheless, it failed on me this morning.  suggest spending a bit more money for something else that is more reliable, and don't forget to back it up to protect against data loss
speaker didn't work - had to return it.i am another person who couldn't even set up the unit since the speaker didn't work when i opened the box.  it might be an okay unit, but since i received a defective one, i will never know.  i saw others had received defective units, but thought it wouldn't happen to me.  i took a chance and lost.  seems like at  t has a quality assurance problem if they are shipping lots of units with problems.  steer clear..
drives one to drink -- throw it against the wall.first one total malfunction -- returned.  replacement -- can't get repeat of the messages -- instructions totally inadequate -- calling customer service a joke.  if you have hours of time to work at it -- you might get it figured out!  it totally destroys "any" respect for the att trademark.  in my opinion -- total disaster.  i would not even suggest looking at a picture of it!  worthless -- "great" waste of time -- a disgrace to att.
read the reviews and believe.don't buy it! mine is on it's way back! no chirps, no beeps, no sound of anykind. instructions done very cheaply..small rectangle to unfold into two sided large piece of paper with no order of how to  to   finish set up!!! mine did not work. i did not read the reviews  "before" i bought...don't make the same mistake.
expected features lacking.i expected a 3-mailbox system to have three passwords for remote reterival of messages. instead, there is only one, which means that everyone knows what each other's messages are...the directions are also a bit confusing, although i finally stumbled through the set up...otherwise the unit works fine!
the att answering system.the product arrived quickly and in excellent physical condition. too bad that the brand new product was non-functional from the get-go. the system did not work at all.
what a great idea - what poor execution.i had really looked forward to this device, but its numerous flaws substantially outweigh its real potential...the device itself is flawed in a couple of important ways.  the battery is very poor and there is no opportunity to replace the battery (for instance, to have a second on hand when a first battery runs out of energy).  it's hard to imagine a serious phone today without a speakerphone capability, but you can imagine the designing engineers worrying that it would limit the battery life even further...it's worth noting that you can simply turn the phone on and use it.  when you turn the phone on and register on the skype network you must wait until the contact list is downloaded to the phone.  that takes, in my experience, about 90 seconds...i've also had the experience of some of the other reviewers where the phone will simply lock up, freeze and deplete a fully charged battery in a matter of seconds.  ..it is simply not a device you could count on.  you couldn't use this device as a dependable solution for skype access over wifi...finally, i find myself agreeing with those people who have had significant problems with netgear's support.  their support ticketing system is hard-to-use, takes too much time and wastes the time of the frustrated owner...i wonder: did netgear test this device in public at all?  it doesn't seem like they could have
not enough battery to be useful.i am supremely dissapointed in this product. the battery life estimate was changed from 50 hours down to 20 hours between when i ordered it and when it finally shipped. i can't even get near that. i had intended to take the phone with me on the road, but it won't last an eight hour day unless i don't use it at all, and even then ten hours is as much as i can get out of it. i can get barely an hour of talk time, then it's dead. i feel like i have a phone that has to be constantly plugged in, and if that's the case i could tether a usb phone to my laptop for $hundreds less than i spent on this. if i had the opportunity, i would return it...don't buy this. wait for a better attempt from some other company..
terrible reliability.even though i have used my printer (a pixma 5000) very lightly, it jams regularly on canon photo paper and then spills ink everywhere. today it went into "service error 5700" and it doesn't work any more, even after rebooting it five times..i will not buy a canon printer ever again
worst machine i have bought in years.worked twice, then started flashing alert light, and screen displayed japanese text.  could not get the machine to ever do anything again.  $50.00 to send it back, no charge to throw in the dumpster and try a different brand.  wow, cannon used to be so good.  what happened?!  stay away from this on
not as good as they say - my 2 cents.i bought this on all the hype that is found in these amazon reviews of the fujitsu scansnap scanner for the mac. ..the software works well.  the problem is the hardware scanner.  if you need to scan multiple pages at once, it can frequently grab more than one page in or out of alignment so that it scans none or just a little part of another page.   the problem as i see it is that it is a vertical scanner.  ..many of the earliest fax machines had a vertical scanner with the same problems i am now experiencing.  do you see any vertical scan fax machines left anymore on the market.  i have not.  in those vertical fax machines, you had to watch the scanning of the fax pages to be sure it read them correctly or not.  while you don't have to watch the scanning with fujitsu's product - it is annoying to have to scan and rescan to get all of your pages properly scanned it and then use software to merge them together. ..of course the advantage of a vertical scanner is the small footprint that rests on your desk.  however, that is less valuable to me than getting all the pages scanned in correctly.  ..i have owned this unit for only a few months so it cannot be any worn out component that is causing my problems.   it may be that the newer fujitsu scanner for the pc (s500) and not the mac is actually better with multiple page handling but i do not know that for sure. ..thus, if you are scanning one page at a time, this scanner will work well for you. if you are having to scan multiple pages all the time like i do, i would look at the flat bed scanners with auto document feed (adf) capability instead.
doesn't work  customer service issue with amazon.very very unhappy with the unit  amazzon customer service..this unit is not compatible with my router, modem and computer system.  i gave it to my wife as a birthday gift at teh end of september and now i have been in contact with d-link and there is nothing they can do it just won't work with our system.  .now i am trying to return it to amazon and am getting the run around by their customer service department.  i get one person who says they'll replace it (told them that won't work - not compatible), then the next person says we'll let you return it for a full refund and send you a label for the return (over a week ago) and then i email to find out why i haven't received the label and the next customer service person says it"s over 30 days!! no kidding!  i've been trying to return it and you all are giving me the run around!  ..i am not happy with the unit  amazon at this time.  ..caution to buyers of this unit - do extensive research before purchasing the unit and make sure it really will work with your system.  also be sure if you are giving it a a gift do't buy it to early or you'll have trouble returning it
maybe a good paperweight?.setup of the dwl-g710 within an existing wrt54gs (linksys) network was fairly straight-forward using the wizard.  if solely using this dwl-g710 for range extension purposes, it may work okay for the average user at home.  but, for business purposes, this thing was woefully inadequate...problems:.1) speed decrease.  that's a no-brainer for any device which is transmitting and receiving on the same frequency band... it can't possibly listen at the same time it's supposed to be talking.  i can't really hold this one against d-link, since all extenders would lose throughput, but it was way slower than i expected (my 54mbps network couldn't keep up with 1mbps sustained, with just one laptop within wireless range)...2) the d-link extender interfered with udp messages.  it handled all tcp/ip communication packets fine.  but, udp broadcasts i was trying to send out (i design wireless sensors) never made it through...3) the extender worked fine, as long as you didn't move the laptop's (or my sensor's) position.  if i logged onto my network when positioned close to the d-link, i had reliable tcp/ip communications as long as i never ventured closer to my main wireless router with my laptop or sensors.  if i logged onto my linksys router first (because i was closer to the router), the d-link would not take-over communications as i moved closer to the extender.  it's an all-or-nothing product... either you log onto your network and always access through the extender, or you log onto your router and always access through that, until you disconnect the network connection and reconnect...4) if you'd like to buy mine, i'll sell it cheap!
don't expect this to go well.5 hours and 6 lengthy calls to tech support is my limit. only trying to install this with a d-link di-524 so the compatibility shouldn't have been an issue. all five times we/i finally got the router to recogize the extender, it never actually synched up with a solid wlan light on the extender, no increased signal strength at a computer more than 8' from the router, and the brilliant technical advice that "i am happy to inform you that some routers do not have solid signal light, blinky light be o.k." finally put me over the edge...i'd rather pull cable or just buy another router at this point
just do not work.i have these in same room with transmitter, and have tried all ways of tuning/locating.  when they work, very good, but they will not stay tuned on same program. emit loads of static and whistles.  will only tune with volume at max on tv. upstairs i have ars  they work wondorously, even on low tv volume.  the ars also emit a wider sound spectrum.  these rcas are not as good as the speakers that came with my pc
it was great when it worked... only 3 months.i was really happy with the performance of my 4 gb unit, with or without the u3, you can get used to it and actually find a use, it's a good idea that needs just a few tweaks...the problem here is that it workded only for 3 months of average use. i reported the problem to sandisk and they gave me a terrific service and in less than 48 hours i already had my shipping label to send them back the unit and get an additional one...i would wait a little longer if this is your first time just to make sure they have fixed all the bugs
1 out of 4 didn't work.one of the micro cruzers worked one time and after that... nothing.  i won't buy this again
great... while it lasted..i loved the retractable connector, software was great, etc. but it died with no warning after just 28 days
software is horrible.this is a great thumb drive, but with a built in disaster.  the u3 software might seem handy.  but if you use it it soon reveals that it is crippleware.  you have to pay $25 to get a 'rull function' version.  then, if you decide to remove it, it keeps reinstalling itself, just like a virus.  i would avoid this product at all costs.
should have read the reviews more closely....the people who rated this highly only used it for tivo.....i have vonage and i wanted this to put my telephone in a place different than where my vonage router is in my apartment and it works horribly.  .i spent over an hour trying multiple different connections and distances and came to the conclution that the only way it works is if they receiver is in the same jack as the sending device.  so disappointed!!!..i got it for $35 so im not that mad, but still i paid for something i should not have bought in the first place.
going to swith to phonex px 441.i had the same problems as the other reviewers.  it worked great with my tivo for 6 months and now has a lot of static, and thus won't get a full cycle with my tivo now.  i'm going to replace it with the phonex px 441, which doesn't have any bad reviews here at amazon and is a little less expensive
cheap product !.this item is a waste of money! it falls all the time. the suction cup is cheap, mediocre and very flimsy. most of the time, i will find the bracket in the floor after returning to my car. it simply will not hold to the windshield for long period. .do not recommend!!!!
smells awful.the product works well and stayed firm, but the smell is horrible and will not go away. it smells like a solvent is leeching out. i was hoping it would go away, but after several weeks my office still smells like someone spilled a bottle of mineral spirits over those old vinyl capes from star wars figures.
buy the cheap ones!.using the component input on your tv can make a huge difference in picture quality, but the differentce between the lower priced monster cables and the most expensive monster cables in not noticeable. save yourself $50 and buy the cheap ones
don't waste your money.i've given this gadget enough trial and error and am still unhappy with its quality.  i have tried it in suburbs, rural no man's land and urban centers (i travel everyday all over the map for work) and it constantly let's me down.  i read before that it transmits at a quality somewhere between fm and am broadcast quality . . . it's definitely closer to am in my opinion.  bass is totally gargled sounding and high end produces a very annoying mid-range that kills the best of my rock ipod tunes and minimizes all the immensity of thelonius monk and other jazz monsters . . . don't waste your money, unless you enjoy the archaic sound of am broadcast, which isn't so bad if you're listening to news, but music, uh-uh, this transmitter is abhorable.  maybe there's nothing better out there, it seems like a difficult technology to master, but i guess i'll have to spend some more money in hopes of finding a more dependable transmitter.  thumbs down
thought this must be the one ....... but it's not. it's a nice, stylish design. very sturdy and it is positive (and necessary) to have the option to dial in any frequency in the given range. however, music sounds muffled and audiobooks sound like muffled 'from outer space'. does not work for me, just does not cut it because of the poor sound quality. this product may still be better than others because of the quality look and features. in my opinion this transmitter like others would have to be much stronger. so if your only alternative to singing the songs yourself is a fm transmitter, then this appears to be a good choice - if you expect for $50 more than 1930 radio quality, fm transmitters are not your way to go currently
horrible.i bought these headphones because of all the good reviews posted on here. i'll be the first to say these headphones are horrible. as soon as i turned up the volume, the bass lines started cracking and became heavily distored. ..so don't believe the hype, these headphones suck. stock ipod headphones are probably 100x better
a good router/firewall: bad vpn.if you want a good router that is easy to configure, this is a good purchase.  if you are looking for a vpn router, by a sonicwall.  i wish i had...i have 5 yrs exp as a intermidate network tech and 11 yrs as a software engineer.  i've used a sonicwall before on a 10 server lan while i was an employee, but wanted to save money for my new company when setting up a vpn for my home-to-office use.  i have 2 of this model and i have never got the vpn to work. called support, they couldn't get it to work, even though i gave them full remote control of both of my netgear units!  then i knew it was not my fault.....the saying "you get what you pay for" applies here.  some people with more time and experience may be able to get it to work, but if you're anything like me (a consultant), time is not cheap and i didn't have a few days to spend on it (even though i spent a week on it)
god help you (netgear won't).my experience with tech support has been the worst by far in 20 years of computing. the 2 techs i dealt with were remarkably incompetent, responding after days at a time with irrelevant cut and paste instructions. i'm not even sure that a real human responded, it may have been a computer response gleening information from the text of my message.. i finally paid a guy to solve the problem that could have been easily handled by a competent tech support person. ..i can't say how frustrating this has been. but i guess you get what you pay for in this world.  the router is functioning now, no problems in 2 weeks. but now i am attepting to set up a vpn connection which hasnt worked... i am not even going to try and contact netgear. my relationship with netgear is over....i'll never buy one again.  you have been warned
not happy.....i have used the fvs318 for about 4 years now. i was hit by lightening and blew out one router on my vpn. i bought a new one to replace it and found that the new v3 is not backward compatible with the older versions. i had to totally reconfigure the unit and purchase another one to replace the older unit that did work. netgear also has posted on their website that they will in no way pay or discount the purchase of a new router due to the lack of backward compatibility. i would suggest going away from this router and possibly going away from netgear. i have been a huge netgear fan in the past, but... i recently replaced my personal wireless router with a linksys
took a long time to realize its problems.i've now used both a version 1 and version 3 of the fvs318 router and have come to realize that it has some serious problems.  each version has different, but real problems with handle connects and disconnects...we have a production database server behind one of these routers and the version 1 does a poor job of cleaning up broken or lost connections.  over a few days this results in lots of old connections still being held open and eventually the server has to be rebooted...version 3 doesn't have problems cleaning up old connections.  its problem is that it drops connections which are idle for just a few minutes.  after "upgrading" to the version 3, we had lots of customers complaining about getting disconnected for no reason.  if they fired up our client application and left it idle for no more than 5 minutes, their connection was dropped.  as far as i can tell there's no parameter in the router setup to save me from this achille's heel, so i had to revert back to the version 1...this router works fine if you want to surf the web, have some basic security, and share 1 ip addresss among several computers
poor quality!.please do not waste your time with this one.  i purchased this phone to use by the pool and was disappointed to find i could not get any reception more than 30ft from the base.  what is the point of having a "waterproof" phone if it cannot be used outside? also, when i was able to receive/make calls, the reception quality was very poor.  this phone, although a great idea, is now sitting in the closet collecting dust. i wonder if it's dust proof too
can you hear me????.i have placed this phone in many different spots in the house but have found that the reception of the handset is to say the least, terrible. the phone replaced another 900mhz model that did not have any problem regarding static. hind sight being 20/20 i wish that i had done a bit more research on this produve prior to buying
still looking.i needed a water resistant 900mhz phone to use around the pool.when i saw the uniden water-resistant wx1377 i orderd it.  when i hooked it up it had a loud hummmmm in it. i returned it to amazon with an exchange. the new phone did the same thing. i called the uniden factoy and learned this phone has a factory grounding deffect. the uniden folks told me i should return it to the place of purchase and get my money back . i did. i am still looking for a 900mhz phone to use around the pool.
poorly designed and overpriced.this is a leather slipcase with elastic sides so you slide your ique into it from the top. you pretty much have to jam it in to get it all the way in so it's difficult to insert or retrieve your ique. and you must remove it from the case to use or charge it. it's so poorly designed that it's hard not to push the power button or side record button when putting it in or getting it out. and at $19 it is way overpriced, even at half that price it wouldn't be worth it. the ique is a great device and deserves a better designed and more functional case. don't buy this one or you'll return it like me
slipcase.it is a slipcase.  you can not take the ique out without pressing the rec button
not for the new ipod.i got this as a christmas present, and the person buying it knew what ipod i had (ipod video), but there is nothing on this page or on the packaging to indicate what versions of the ipod it works with.  so disappointed!  amazon needs to modify the item description to indicated which versions of the ipod this works with  and which it doesn't.
where is the screen???? (to navigate through 1gb).even i was very excited about this new ipod but all my excitement vanished when i took my friend's new piece and realized that how can i go to a particular song which i want and know which song am a i going to play? it is like a "shot in the dark". unless your memory is exceptionally good to remember the sequence of songs it is an extremely useless piece. many people will not realize till they experience this personally because they are mesmerized by its size. think how can you navigate through 1gb of songs without a screen..i am shocked at how a company like apple could launch this
problems with two different units.i bought my first lt30hv lcd tv in december, 2004.  after about 8 or 9 months i would continually lose the picture.  after several discussions with customer service (they had me try various things to correct the problem), they decided to ship me a new tv.  i received it in early october, 2005  everything was fine - at first.  about 10 months later, the set started going black after it was first turned on  i had to turn it off  then on again.  over the course of the next couple of months, this problem got progressively worse.  now, i sometimes have to turn it off  on 10 to 20 times before it will stay on.  so, i have had two sets -- neither of which worked a full year.  also, i found out that the second set that was sent to me was a refurbished set.  i have spoken with technical support and customer service on many occasions but they refuse to do anything about it because it is "out of warranty"
not reliable and customer service is poor.everything your read about the picture quality is true... however, this product just isn't reliable.  cost me another $600 to get it fixed and it isn't even 18 months old. i am sure i am not alone since you can see these on that famous auction site may with similar power issues.  customer service from this company is also very poor. if i had it to do over i would not have purchased this product and i probably should not have spent the money to get it fixed. i think it will be just a matter of time before some of these 5 star reviews begin to change their tune
over priced tv.i use this display in my line of work. the quality is generally above average if not that great. the color is not as bright or vivid but the ability to receive and play hd programs does let one peek into the future of digital programmings and that itself is an enjoyable experience. ..the lt30hv has considerable weakness in the dvi mode, often the display will exhibit no picture or incorrect color scheme, 6 months to a year after opening the box. for the majority, this would not be an issue since only very few consumers use dvi mode to watch tv...however a larger concern is that there has been a number of tv that exhibits a water mark patch behind the display screen, the size can vary from 20% to 50% of the screen. this slight discoloration can take the fun out of having the lcd tv. ..for the price advertised here, it is definately not worth it.
lack of useful technical support.problem was that the component video input (ypp) was non functional.  i did not find it possible to contact a real person at technical support and the "phone tree" menu is impenetrable, probably by design.  the email input option for requests resulted in an insulting,lame response to the effect "if you connected your tuner to the ypp input, it should work."  i would not have requested assistance if it had worked!  the component video output from the same tuner works fine with another hdtv i own
disappointed - returned this phone.i was very disappointed with this phone and decided to return it after having it less than one week...the feature i liked about this phone:.the antenna flashed when we had a message waiting on our qwest voice messaging...the features i didn't like about this phone:.1.  caller id information was displayed on two screens instead of all the info (date, time, name, number) being displayed on the screen at one time.  so when scrolling through received or missed calls, i had to wait several seconds for the second screen to display the rest of the call info.  very irritating and confusing!..2.  when i answered a call on one handset, that call was displayed as "missed call" on the screen of the second handset.  i never knew when i had actually missed a call.  was very irritating to see "missed calls" displayed on the handsets all the time, especially when i knew i hadn't missed any calls...3.  "on" and "off" buttons very small and not placed well on the handset.    ..4.  all buttons on handset placed too close together.  very easy to misdial...5.  was hard to hear the caller unless the phone was placed perfectly squarely on my ear each and every time.   ..6.  phone operated and felt too much like a cell phone.  ..7.  didn't like the way the "flash" button worked.  the word "flash" appears on the screen with an arrow pointing to the button you're supposed to push.
unreliable.i purchased this phone in september, it stopped working at the beginning of january and has been sitting in an authorized panasonic service center waiting for a back-ordered part due to come in at the beginning of february.  i called panasonic - they understood why i was upset but said they couldn't and wouldn't do anything
causes back pains.this is the first mouse pad i use and maybe i do not know how to use them, but it appears to be too hight for my wrist.  as a result, i do not have a good grip of the mouse, and if i manage to, my elbow ends up up in the air making me sit in this crooked position. it all makes me feel a tension in my right upper back and shoulder.
this didn't work for me..the idea sounds great, but it just doesn't work too well. whenever you pick up your hand off the mouse it's hard to get started again
expensive.the purchase of this ink is motivation for me to buy a color laser for home use
very unhappy with your product.i order two ink cartridges from your company recently for my epson sytlus photo 820 (black and color).  neither one of them have been worth the money spent.  they do not provide ink.  i purchase alot of ink for my printer and was hoping to find a suppler to fulfill my needs but your product flunked big time
great printer.........purchased this unit when i bought a new dell with windows xp.  i wanted a unit that had a bottom feed, capable of dual sided printing and large paper storage tray. this one has an upper and lower paper tray.  it also is adpated for use with hp's photo ink cartridge and regular color so you end up producing photos using a 6 color blend rather than the standard 3 and black.  it also does borderless printing.  talk about fast??? this thing will jettison the paper out of it half way across the floor if you forget to pull out the paper stopper.  color documents are really, really fast. .i do notice that once in a while, my #10 envelopes might be printed a little crooked...but nothing to get upset over..it set up fast and is easy to use. i love mine
no usb cable???.i ordered this printer and was dismayed to learn on its arrival that it didn't come with a usb cable - a prequisite to its operation...for those of us who order things like this online, we expect it to ship with everything it needs to operate...to be fair, i cannot yet comment on how this device prints, because as of this review, i am still waiting on the cable i subsequently ordered.  however, the fact that hp would leave out this cable suggests to me that they likely cut other corners in the hardware/software.  (i think a one star review is appropriate given that right now it totally fails to print anything.)..if you do order this product be sure and also buy a cable.  be warned, that it is not the standard usb cable (one end is different)
pooped out after changing color cartridge.i had the same problem as another user of this printer only it was when changing the color cartridge.  i worked with an hp technician and they could not help me.  basically the printer melted down after i attempted to change the tri-color cartridge.  it would no longer recognize the cartridge even after cleaning the cartridge and the printer contacts. it will not print correctly with the black cartridge either now.  i've had it for maybe 1 1/2 years.  hp printers used to run a lot longer.  i'm moving on to another brand
reliability problems.nice features but poor construction--mine broke after about three months of normal use.  the connection (in the remote) went bad, so i now only get sound in one earphone.  there's no warranty to speak of
poor fit.like some of the other reviewers, i have found it impossible to use these headphones because they will not stay in for any period of time. in concept they are great, they sound good and do a respectable job of blocking noise, but since they won't stay in my ears, this is of little consequence. furthermore, the rubber bits that fit in the ear come off very easily, another poor design trait. in fact, i'm on the phone with philips right now to get replacments and their cs has been unhelpful. they just told me to buy replacements at radio shack /or compusa, which is annoying b/c they are lost because of the poor design. avoid these
these kill my ears.these are the worst headphones that i have ever owned. the sound quality is fine, and the noise cancelling feature does the trick; for $30 i don't expect them to perform as well as a pair of sure ec3's. my gripe with this product is that the ear buds are very uncomfortable to wear. they slip out of the ear constantly, and the plastic cones cause a lot of irritation. i have gone back to wearing an old pair of ordinary ear buds and only use these as a backup pair. my advice is to avoid purchasing this product
worst...adapter...ever.griffin is not lying when they say that this adapter will not work in some cassette decks.  they could have been a little more honest and said "most".  i can't fault them too much for this though; they at least mention this problem...my biggest gripe with the product is that, even when it will work, it makes an incredible amount of mechanical noise in the deck.  this would be more annoying, if you could hear it over the god awful hum coming from your speakers.  honestly, i never even checked whether the song skipping/seeking worked properly; i couldn't get past the abysmal sound quality.  play/pause did seem to work as advertised, but that's not worth paying double (or more) the cost of adapters with higher sound quality...this is a fantastic idea that's been horribly implemented.  i would probably try a similar product from a company that performs quality control
does not work as advertised..i bought this ages ago and it has finally stopped working completely.  it's okay; i got about nine months of use out of it...the use, however, was disappointing.  it doesn't do the fast forward/skipping business at all.  okay, about one in ten times, which is enough to dissuade me from even bothering...the only useful thing about this adapter is the automagic pause feature.  if i turned off the stereo in my car, it would pause the ipod.  which is useful if you want to just put it on hold and stick in your bag...if you're willing to pay for that feature, then do it.  but if you think you're getting something that will skip tracks, think again
doesn't work with a camry??!.i would think "doesn't work with all tape decks" means that some very old vehicles don't have newer technology that enables the smartdeck to function.  clearly i was mistaken.  i tried the smartdeck in two toyota camrys.  no luck.  maybe i just have a disfunctional one..
didn't work at all!.i have a 2005 crv and this didn't work at all in my car.  it was a total waste of time! it deserves 0 stars.
barely works.infiniti g35 with bose audio - the only smart feature is that it usually pauses my ipod when i turn the stereo off and also resumes when i turn it on (both with power button and ignition).  track skipping never worked...the spinner rattling sound is very loud, however, and removing the spin wheels would probably break the play/pause feature.  i think i'll return this and spring for the wiring into my stereo's sat function
does not work, call them to see if it works with your car!!!!!!!!!!.the griffin smart deck does not work with all cars with tape deck. they should advertise which cars it works for. i have an infinity fx35 with bose system and it didn't work. the tape keeps fast-forwarding, making a very loud noise. the smartdeck song control feature does not work either, pushing "forward" on my tape deck will only stop playing music. ..how to fix it on an infinity fx35:.i don't think you can fix the "skip songs" feature. i don't think that the smartdeck with dock will work either, because the mechanical functions of your tape deck need to be compatible with smartdeck technology.  ..i fixed the noise problem (reduced by 80%) - i pulled open the "smartdeck". i removed everything inside it, except for the tape head and the "electronics" inside. then i glued the sides of the head so it would stay in place. then i glued the smartdeck back together. now, it plays in my fx35 tape deck, but it does not control the "song skip" feature (or scan feature). ..i recommend - buying a regular tape deck adapter, less than 10 dollars and try that - or call griffin and ask them if your car's tape deck is compatible with the smartdeck - griffin +1 (615) 399-7000
bull crap....doesn't work... grrrrrrrr.............i own a brand new nissan maxima 2006 and it comes with a bose stereo system. i had a fm trasmitter before and it always has this static sound which is quiet annoying...i went to staples today to do some window shopping and saw this griffin thingy and thought it would be cool!!..i was so excited and came back home immediately to check this thing out. i ran to my car and used this...and guess what, voila.. this piece of crap kept auto-reversing three or four times and my car spat it out :-(..too bad.... utter waste.... does not work... don't waste ur money....i'll be returning this the first thing tomorrow....boooo.. i don't know if they'll take it back cuz i didn't get the receipt!!..anyways, stand clear from this piece of crap... useless piece (...).current mood = mad... veryy veryyyyyyy mad!!
doesn't work..look, this needs some sort of instructions.  my tv doesn't have a super-v socket.  which many people's won't.  so i went to tandy (radio shack) and got a scart adaptor just to use it.  when i finally get resolution settings right, it'll still only output to black and white.  it's going back i'm afraid.  oh, and to the user who says anyone who can't set this up, we shouldn't be using computers in the first place?  well, whatever... let's not play flame-wars.  but i've been using macs and pc's for 18 years - but when you do something new you need a hand.  at this price there's no excuses for a missing out a proper setup brochure with troubleshooting sections.
this phone sucks...buy a cheap radio shack.people can't hear me.  speakerphone doesn't work well either.  why pay over $200?  headset mode... doesn't work either
do not buy this product.after 10 years of using polycom "star" conference phones at the office with success, i purchased this model for my home office.   i've had nothing but problems.  the first one stopped working for no apparent reason after 3 weeks of use.   the first week it kept dropping calls.   the manufacturer's technical support staff suggested that i had a power surge and suggested plugging the unit into a surge protector.   had already done that, and same with phone cord.  i am using a regular hardwired line, not voip or such.  and no problems with my other equipment including office laptop and personal desktop and printer.   i had to talk to the "second level" of customer support, as i was told that i could only receive a "reconditioned model."  unacceptable customer service, as i'd originally bought what i expected to be a brand new, unused model, and had used for less than 3 weeks.  "but it sort of did work some of the time...." said the technician.  no dice here.  i was put on with the next level of tech support and assured that i would receive a "new" unopened, unused model.  the second replacement unit stopped working and all lights on the phone were lit one morning and no dial tone or electrical power to the unit, less than a few days after i had received it.   was told again that i would be receiving "new, in box" model.  the third replacement (and the last that i will accept) just quit working this morning (holds a dial tone for 5 seconds, then dies, same problem as the first unit i'd received), and was in use for only 2 days for a total of two phone calls.  (exceedingly embarrassing to call in to your boss' boss' staff meeting only to have the unit drop 5 times during the call).  i still have the second unit which has not yet been returned to the manufacturer, as it is to be returned within 5 business days.  just packed that one up yesterday.  i will say that my colleagues thought that the phone sounded excellent, that the speakerphone was so good that they couldn't tell i was on a speakerphone, but hey, if the unit craps out after a short term of use, none of that matters.  i would assign zero stars if possible.    don't waste your time or money on this model.
great sound, but poorly designed and made.these small speakers offer excellent sound considering their size and price tag, but i found them extremely frustrating to use because they are so light that you can't turn them on with one hand. if you are thinking about using them with a computer on a cramped desktop, you'll find them very frustrating. you'll need enough room around the switched speaker to get a hand in to hold it down while turning the rather stiff knob with your other hand. these either need substantial weights in the bases to hold them in place (remember the nice old att telephones that weighed a ton? you could actually move around the room holding the receiver without having the base fly off its stand; like most cheap modern telephones, these speakers need more weight for stability) or the knob needs to be made much easier to turn. also, and more important, mine broke after a few months of extremely light use. broke? yes. cheap chinese circuitry is the most likely culprit. one speaker just stopped working. i'm so sick of products that spontaneously morph into trash a few months after purchase. will the manufacturer stand behind them? no. will the retailer? no. (for the record, i did not purchase mine from amazon).
not just static - mine sometimes get the radio....i have had these for about month.  when i first tried them, i was very disappointed because i was picking up a radio station on them that i could hear all the time, especially between songs.  but it's become much less noticeable over time, i guess, and i haven't heard it during playback lately. so i would now give them three stars, if i were allowed to change the actual star rating. except for occasional interference, the sound from these is good
terrible static noise.i agree with brooke allen very much. this speaker is terrible. the noise due to alternate electric is very anoying. if you tune up volumn to max, you will find it is as loud as a hungry bee... i'm going to return it very soon
crank handle broke off after 3 months!.i was pretty happy with this radio for the last 3 months(i recently moved to liberia, west africa and needed something that didn't require electricity) until today, when the crank handle cracked off in my hand while i was cranking it!  i wish i could post a photo here.  they didn't design this device to withstand normal use!  they should have made the handle out of metal or at least some kind of plastic that wouldn't break!
not very happy with purchase.the sound from the radio is really harsh, even on fm! i'd expect harsh sound from shortwave. used it during extensive power outage (couple of days) and could not stand listening for more than a minute. gave it up in favor of a radioshack clock radio with a 9volt transitor battery backup. the self charging hand crank is a great idea, but why not marry it to something one can actually listen too? would be appropriate for a doomsday emergency kit for hurricane katrina type disasters; but only if something better sounding can't be found
not what it seems.i was using an epson 890 for a couple of years and began to run into paper handling problems.  believing i had worn it out i was attracted to the r800 as a quality replacement.  .how very frustrating to find that, after a few months of use, this expensive inkjet can only print on glossy photo paper and basic 80/100gsm matt stock. it will not handle matt art papers of any substantial thickness, will not feed matt greetings cards and is a huge disappointment.  epson support are very unhelpful, just saying you must use epson papers which leaves you with very limited possibilties. .i bought this printer because it has the potential to produce sunlight resistant prints from original art works but its paper handing problems negate this possibilty.  it also guzzles hard to find and very expensive inks at an alarming rate. .at this price and after all these years of development i expect perfection from epson but i find my $60 canon is a dream to use compared with the r80
ink hog.i bought this printer based on everyone's glowing reviews.  however, the one thing most people overlooked is that this is an ink hog.  and, with it using eight different cartridges costing $11.30 apiece, you can easily end up buying this printer 10 times over by buying ink cartridges.  after getting tired of spending all that money on epson ink cartridges, i finally got an hp multifuntion machine.  yeah, its not quite as good a printer, but it doesn't require a home equity line of credit to finance continual ink purchases.  and if i really want high quality photos, i just ship them online to ophoto.   maybe if you were a professional photographer, this printer might be justifiable.  but for the average person, this thing is a money pit.  you can get okay photos with an hp machine that only soaks you $30 or so at a time for ink, instead of $100.  and with high quality prints just a mouse click away, i really regret this purchase.  i eventually just junked it...plus, when i first got the printer i had an issue with print quality, and customer service had me go through several cleaning cycles which used up all my ink the first time around, and then said that was too bad, but i had to replace all my ink cartridges.  so i had to drop over $100 on ink cartridges just to get my first pictures out of this thing...so, unless you really have a burning need to print high quality photos at home, there are a lot more economical options
increasingly frustrating.this is our second portable dvd player. we purchased a "cheap" one first and had problems you'd expect from a cheap one so we then exchanged it for this model on the salesperson's suggestion. ..at first all seemed great, but as we used it for the second and third times, issues others have mentioned - the audio is very poor and if it even gets slightly jarred the playback stops - started manifesting themselves...not only that, but the laser is so sensitive that if there is even the smallest scratch on the disc, the whole thing locks up and you have to power down and try to find your scene again...we bought this machine to enterain my son on car trips and it has completely and utterly failed us in this objective. if we can't play any of his dvds because even if the dvd is completely free of even the tiniest scratch, and we were able to have a completely smooth car ride, and even then, if it can't then be heard, what's the use of it? it's an expensive door stop
samsung dvd-l75 portable dvd player.buyer beware!  this portable dvd player was purchased as a present with the purpose of using it while flying on long trips, unfortunately you cannot hear it even with good headphones over the plane noise.  i took it to best buy today to see if there is something wrong with the unit.  the salesman in the tv/dvd department was not surprised by my complaint.  he said the samsungs have a low audio output compared to other models.  he suggested i ask the geek squad in the front of the store to get their opinion.  the person i spoke with was very helpful and said this appears to be a problem with the samsung portable dvd players from information he had found on the internet.  i ended up buying a booster for $34.00.  when i got home, i called samsung and that was a waste of time.  samsung tried to tell me all the manufacturers are having this problem with the portable dvd players and basically they do not care and will do nothing to insure customer satisfaction.  i asked him if samsung would reimburse me the $34.00 i spent on a booster since their system's sound is inadequate.  i was told not to waste my time.  so much for customer service.  i will never purchase a samsung product ever again and advise other consumers to do the same
very low output !!!.i have a dvd-l75 which is exactly the same as l70 except it comes with a 4.2 hr extended battery instead of the 2.5 hr battery that comes with this model...pros:.sleek  lightweight..cons:.(1) very low sound output (in headphones as well as in-built speakers).(2) does not play other file formats such as mpeg, avi etc.....i had a poloroid dvd player before this, it played practically any file that was burnt onto a disc. and had an amazing sound output
portable unless you move it.i purchased the dvd-l75 from bestbuy to entertain my young children on long automobile and airplane trips.  but from the moment i first powered it up, i noticed a major flaw: the slightest bit of movement would cause the unit to freeze-up, requiring a complete power cycling to restore it.  if the unit is placed on a sturdy surface such as a table or desk it worked fine, but if i so much as placed it on my lap while laying in bed, the motion of my breathing would cause it to crash...and my main usage for this unit, inside an automobile, was completely futile.  i'd start up a movie, my kids would be getting interested in it, and then it would lock up.  i'd have to restart the unit, go through the menus to get back to where we left off, and then within five minutes it would be frozen again.  i tried everything to work around this sensitivity to vibration, even awkwardly holding it in the outstretched palm of one hand while driving with the other, but that would only extend the freeze interval to about 10 minutes...i had a very bad experience with samsung customer service.  5 weeks ago i sent the unit in for repair after explaining the problem.  11 days later they promptly returned it to me with no action taken - saying that they couldn't find a problem. but within 20 minutes of starting the unit up and using it in my home, it again froze up as i moved it from one table to another. so i immediately got back on the phone with customer service and they instructed me to send it back in, and if they could not find the problem this time, they would replace the unit.  i was concerned about this since i was leaving on vacation in 3 weeks and did not want to face a 6-hour airplane ride with two kids and no entertainment.  they assured me they would expedite the process and get me a workable unit in time.  the unit went out the same day and two days later i received a call from the technician asking me to clarify the problem.  in theory he should have tested the unit that day, and either repaired it or sent out a replacement unit the next.  instead, 8 working days went by where nothing happened, despite my daily phone calls inquiring about status.  when finally i was a week away from vacation i got insistent that they do something and a customer service agent assured me the replacement unit would be shipped that day and to call later for a tracking number.  the next day no tracking number was available, so i gave them another day.  the next day no tracking number was available but they assured me it would be shipped momentarily.  later that day i called back and spoke with a different customer service agent who gave me a completely different story: the request for a replacement had been submitted to a queue, and would take over a week to be reviewed and processed.  then, if approved, the order would go into a queue in shipping where it would take another week to be processed, and finally it would be shipped via ups ground.  so the whole process was going to take over two weeks and it was unlikely i would receive the new unit until after i retured from vacation.  after an hour on the phone with customer service trying to find a satisfactory solution, they basically told me i'm screwed...i don't know whether the replacement unit will work or not, but so far the $220 i spent on this unit has in no way provided the solution of entertaining my children on long trips...but if like watching dvd movies on a 7" screen in a stationary environment like your living room, this unit will be just fine
shoddy and fragile..i received this product and was initially pleased. however, in only two days of use, the belt clip broke, the front of the case opened on impact, and my ipod fell two feet to the ground. i would not recommend this product to anyone.
cant get it to work.just unwrapped mine today. tried to watch one of the movies in my ipod. there is no sound output. ruled out the possibility of defective cables. video works fine unless i try to use the s-video output port, which is defective as well. useless
disapointed.i was excited to get this unit as an addition to my newly installed home theater. i had to take the first unit back because it would not power up. the replacement works, but it has some quality issues. i think they put this technology to market before it was completed or debugged..cons:.poor sound and video quality..buttons on remote work only intermittent..owners manual is not very well written..basically i feel this would be a great buy for under $15.0
let me pick just the right word for this:.oh, yes, i've got it:  junk!!
great for travel mice or people with very small hands..this mouse pad is diminutive to say the least - the usable mousing surface is only about six by six inches. my logitech mx mouse has only one inch to spare just sitting there from top to bottom, so it is useless to me. however, i do not detect any wierd chemically smell like other reviewers - maybe it was only the clear model? mine is blue and the wrist rest is great - it's just way too small of a mouse pad for anything but a travel mouse. i also have an optical mouse and it has no trouble tracking on the pad except that there is no room to move it
not optical mouse friendly.totally agree with the other reviewers who said that this pad does not work with an optical mouse.  i tried it with the one that comes with  microsoft's "standard" wireless combo and the on-screen cursor does not move at all...completely useless
product should be recalled..i really enjoyed this product as long as it worked. it has the longest battery life of up to 6 hours. the folding display is a very nice feature on airplanes. the picture quality was better than similarly priced products. ..here is the problem. as several reviewers have mentioned, in a year, more or less, the player stops working and will display the dreaded "ho3" error. this seems to be due to the laser lamp getting stuck in position on the rotating shaft. please read the reviews on the panasonic ls50. almost every reviewer for that model received the "ho3" error, and panasonic decided to do nothing, they simply carried the problem now into this product. this is a manufacturing quality issue, and the product should be recalled. there is no reason for consumers to shell out extra money for warranties. . .for the people who already own the device, i saw a solution posted for the ho3 error on the internet by a user named hossan, and it worked after i tried it myself. all you need is a small phillips screwdriver. remove all 12 screws from the back of the player. after removing the back cover, you will see the unit with the laser lamp mounted on rubber suspensions. carefully lift the unit off the suspensions. turn the unit around carefully so that the cables don't come off. close to the servo motor, you will see a small black thumb wheel. turn it, and the laser lamp should move along the rotating shaft. turn the thumb wheel, so that laser lamp moves away from the center towards the edge. that should release it from the stuck position. all this takes maybe 15 minutes. don't let some service guy talk you into shelling out a hundred or more dollars for repairs...considering that otherwise this is a wonderful product, the best think  panasonic could do, is to admit there is a problem and recall the product, or at minimum provide a free repair service. instead it is just sitting on the fence. something is wrong if the management of a company does not care anymore about its reputation. there are already a lot of irate customers
don't buy it! received the dreaded error message h03..after a couple of months of light use, the dreaded h03 error message showed up and the dvd will not spin. another model (older) panasonic put out is famous for this problem and once you get it, you'll pay big bucks to fix it because panasonic does not have a great customer service. all other people writing positive reviews here probably did so right after they purchased the product and it was working great. but given a few months it will start to break down and i expect that more of this h03 problem will be reported here. don't buy this product unless you purchase an extended warranty along with it
spoiled by mintek..my trusty mintek mdp-1720 started acting up (and is no longer manufactured, apparently) so i started shopping for a new one. i went with this one, despite the warnings about picture quality, since 1. it was 9 inches, 2. i got a good deal where i bought it from, and 3. it's panasonic and i've bought good stuff from them in the past...sadly, i have been spoiled by mintek. looking at them side by side (my mintek still works three quarters of the time, you see) the picture quality of the dvd-ls90 is crushed by the mdp-1720. the panasonic has often has weird, unnatural colors (images frequently have an orangey tinge); images have poor clarity; there's noticable distortion around things like subtitles and credits. if this is your first experience with a portable, i mean, it probably has everything you want: big screen, multi-adjustable screen, movies load fast, a great remote that controls ever aspect of the player. it even has things you may not need like dvd-ram support (which hardly any dvd players support, portable or not.) but in the end it's a movie player. movies should look good on it, but it can't beat the allegedly inferior mintek. maybe it's just a question of tft vs lcd displays (i thought they were the same thing, but don't have a clue about the technical differences.)..avoid if you place any priority on picture quality. i think i'm going to take it back
worst mistake ever!!!.this bag is way to big for every day use, way to bulky to carry around anywhere but on an airplane or traveling. the bag looks more like a suitcase then a notebook bag, way to unpropotioned for anytype of body
urc review.the remote works great sometimes.  if i try to surf, often the remote won't go to the next channel after surfing 5-6 channels.  i must wait 4-5 seconds before continuing..also, the remote will not operate a directtv dvr.  .it did not accept learn codes either...i feel i paid a lot of money for a remote that doesn't do what i really wanted
it hurts my computer.this product kept causing my computer to freeze.  also, its ability to find wireless signals is unpredictable.  i have the windows 2000 operating system, which this wireless card is supposed to support.  many other users of this product have fewer problems, though.  the customer support service is awful.  besides the employees having thick accents, they said that they would call me back, but they never did.  this happened twice.  it is probably because they did not know how to solve my problem
bad windows 98 compatibility ... baaaaaaaahhhhd  tech supp..the utility installer is not compatible with win98 installer engine. so, while the product might work in their lab. under win98, the installer doesn't let you get there to find out. the software just won't install. and, since the drivers are not resident on the cd you can't even install it manually. this is why they tell you not to plug the card into the pci slot first. i guess the drivers are buried somewhere in the code of the utility installer. the file that you download from their website (a supposed "upgrade") is actually the same version on the cd...tech support is farmed out to a foreign country. these guys spoke english worse than any help desk i've run across. so, don't count on any t.s
something is wrong!.after couple of restars my computer refuse to boot. i should try another one! card or computer!!!
works fine, but with a major caveat.i bought these for use with my desktop pc so i could listen to music while i'm working...the problem is that the transmitter only works off of a battery charge. in other words, leaving the transmitter plugged in to the ac charger and turned on all day will drain down the battery until you switch the transmitter off and let it recharge.
wireless is crappy.sound quality: not bad.wireless: sucks..i bought it for the wireless, but it keeps skipping and the receiver's only in my pocket.....now, most of the time, i'm on wired...which made the wireless pointless.  for the price i bought the headphones, i could have gotten some decent wired headphones instead..
not so good.  latency is another problem.besides the drawbacks mentioned in other reviews, it also has quite a bit of latency.  if just listening to music, it wouldn't matter.  i wanted to use it  with my guitar, plugging it into the processing unit.  the problem is that there is a second or two delay between playing a note and hearing it in this wireless headphone.  also, the charging lights didn't work at all.
i returned this product after one day.poor fit on the ears, very uncomfortable to wear. the wireless "neat" effect fades after a while once your ears are hurting so bad from being pinched. not a good product. not fun to wear. not good period. listen to the reviews on this site or you'll make the same mistake i did
poor fit and performance.i have purchased saitek devices before, and have been happy with the product/price.  however, these headphones fall far short.  first off, unless you have a small head, i don't see how they can fit a person properly (i'm a hat size 7 3/8, large, i know, but there are bigger).  even with the longest band, they pulled uncomfortably.  the actual earpiece/over the ear loop isn't very flexible either.  then, the range (advertised at 10 meters) is way overestimated.  i could only get to about 8 feet with constant sound.  at 10 feet, i got drop outs.  the sound itself wasn't bad, although at soft moments, you could hear a slight hiss.  overall, if i could give this thing zero stars, i would.  these are on their way back
very low quality product.i bought this for 49.99 at an outlet store and feel i got ripped off. the finish is peeling off from day one. at first i thought it was the protective plastic that you are supposed to peel off. the radio reception is much worse than my other eton. when i press the "up" button to change teh station frequency, often the cr player starts..do not buy this from a place that does not give an unconditional money back guarantee, or better yet, choose another product.
fine while it lasted.i purchased mine in august 2004 and it is dead as of august 2006.  for travel, while it worked, it was fine; i loved the sleep function, the sound was ok although i chose to use portable speakers with it.  but it started behaving peculiarly about six months ago, not starting right up at times.  considering the price and the brand name, this portable player should have had a longer lifespan
do not buy this thing called a radio.i have rarely been so dissapointed as i was when i received this thing (i hesitate to call it a radio.) i live in australia and do a bit of international travel.  i wanted a travelling radio (am in particular)that also plays my cd/mp3's. read the info, and it states in the manual and on the unit that it is both european and usa frequency compatible in the am band.  not true!  the us version is us and the european version is  european only.  so yes it is a travelling radio, it just doesnn't like to travel far!.the mp3's that i played on the unit, skipped within the tracks, sigh.  the keys to set the time/date were hypersensitive and skipped randomly between functions.  yuck. .not even worth considering (or spending more time on writing this review
many cds skip, most cd-rs skip; short battery life.i also received this as a christmas gift. we quickly found out about the short battery life in paris. fortunately i had a 240/50-to-110/60 ac/dc adapter. also, it is very bad at playing cd-rs that i have created and which play fine on a 1995 model magnavox portable cd player (!). it has less trouble with regular pre-recorded cds
unreliable clump of dung.i was given this for christmas. i would have to say that every other time that i put either a disc into this it gives me a problem. either the songs skip or, if it is an mp3 disc, it may just spin without the playback starting. sometimes if i take the disc out and re-insert it it will play, sometimes not. this is an unreliable clump of dung
great for about 2 months.i bought this controller to use with doom on my laptop.  the configuration is excellent and installation was very easy.  however, about 2 months later the left joystick acted up and moves me forward without even touching it.  i reinstalled the software, recalibrated several times, and i still creep forward even when i'm not touching the joystick.  it's impossible to get my character to stand still.  i can adjust to this when i'm playing the actual game, but it's impossible to scroll through menus and such when the joystick is constantly moving "up".  anyway, i'm shopping for another controller later today..
would be great if it worked.the controller worked well while it lasted - which was exactly 2 days.  the left analog joystick went haywire and caused movement without even touching it.  all attempts to reset, including reistalling the software failed to correct the issue.  so, like any good consumer, i returned the product thinking i had a faulty controller.  turned out the second controller acted up even faster - the same day...don't waste your time on this product.  you'd be better off getting the non-vibrating one.  i've had the non-vibrating gamepad for 4 months now.  not one single problem to date.
don't buy this product if you have a mac.....yet.the promotional material tells you it supports macs. amazon tells you slingbox supports mac. hell, you order it and it even says it supports mac on the box. but when you open up the contents, all that's inside is a windows disk. strange. so, you go to the slingmedia website hunting for mac drivers only to find there are none! not yet anyway. apparently they're in a private beta test...that's totally unacceptable. you can't market a product for mac when it doesn't work. amazon - you should change your description immediately, and leave it that way until mac drivers are available. and slingmedia - you should be ashamed of yourselves. that's false advertising...not happy
bad player?.wanted a portable divx and burned dvd player, with focus on being able to entertain friends. ..frighteningly disappointing. right out of the box, i put in a burned dvd. player was having immense trouble playing just the menu! kept making these horrible noises like scratching and grinding. then before i even tried playing my movie, the player would spin down! tried with dvd+ and dvd- same result. the manual is in like 30 languages and opens like a massive map, and when you finally find english, you see that there is minimal troubleshooting. gave up on my burned dvd's...tried the divx function. put in a dvd loaded with pictures, avi, mpg, mov, and rm files. ..1. it takes an annoyingly long time to scan the disc before showing the contents..2. it won't list any files it can't play (like quicktime and real).3. if you want to display a picture, it thinks it is a movie and puts it on screen for less than a second! and forget about slideshows!.4. if your tv is ntsc, then you have to scroll through the player's menus etc. to change it over to pal for any pal movies!.5. it has trouble with large divx files. enough to make it unusable. if you need to fast-forward through a large part of the movie, forget it - it totally freezes up!.6. worst but not least, the whole time, it kept making this insane, high pitch noise that sounded like an army of dog whistles in you ear, only more grating. it kept making the noise, then it would stop and start again after about 10 seconds and go for a long time. i knew this noise would never fly with any of my friends. i couldn't take it and i have bad hearing and am a very tolerant person..lol!..this is what i found in about 1 hour of testing, and i wasn't trying to test it at all! i just wanted to watch anything and it just so happened  that the pet wasn't able to make that happen. imagine what you would find out if you really tested it? i didn't. i sent it back...i have seen a better divx player in a modded xbox easy! and much cheaper too. all the problems i just discussed are no problem on a modded xbox. and that came out in 2001! the divx player industry right now is basically non-existent.  it is too experimental for real people to actually use it..bottom line: the only people who like this unit are rich, yuppie, loaded guys who just want every gadget and don't plan on really using it. ..or, they just got ripped off really bad on a portable dvd player for just playing storebought dvds
does it work?.not really. didn't lower temps in my case at all. don't see why everyone else thinks the product is so great
didn't work for a creative zen microphoto.unfortunately it didn't work for my mp3 player
dosen't work for the zenmicro 8gb..i bought it so i would have to spend so much on the wall addapter from creative. but i soon found out that it lied to me. my player says that it is charging, but really it isn't
don't waste your time..bought it after reading the one review that sang its praises..truth be told it does'nt work with the creative zen you can leave it plugged in over night... with very little change in battery level.
works until it blows up.i bought this thing for my flash mp3 player because the separate ac adapter for it costs a lot more.  the zip-linq worked fine for a couple charges, but then the third time i plugged it in, it made a popping noise and i could smell the minor explosion.  it no longer works at all.  needless to say, this thing is a waste of money and is a worthless piece of junk.  i'd return it, but the shipping costs more than the device is worth.  stay away
don't waste your time.i got an anti-glare screen protector directly from boxwave in nov, because of a glowing review on the internet.  within a couple months it had developed a rough spot where the stylus spells out the characters.  i didn't write the company until recently, but the answer was that they guarantee it for 100 days,  so i wasn't covered since it has been about 130 days..it is now difficult to even enter characters.  don't waste your time, as they are fairly expensive
don't buy it from this company!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.i purchased this product from amazon, as i trust amazon. the product comes from antonline, however, and this is not a company i will ever deal with again. it took me awhile to figure it out but the product was defective because one of the screws that hold the product on the printer was defective. the screw cannot be removed either. so i contacted amazon and they refer me to antonline. their  defective product policy is that you go to the manufacturer for replacement. period! i contacted canon and after 25 minutes off and on hold the bottom line is they don't replace printer accessories so they say go back to the merchant for replacement. by this time antonline support is gone on vacation. so i'm stuck in a catch 22 and i need this battery for a trip overseas. the thing that makes me angriest is that all this takes about 2-3 hours of my time and i don't like waisting time on something this stupid. i advise you to purchase this from a more reputable company. it's not worth the frustration
do not buy this product - warning from a battle-scarred victim.do not under any circumstances buy this product unless you have another hard drive (preferably another brand such as seagate) to mirror/back up this data to. if you use this as a solitary storage device for data you will be sorry. i am paying the price for my trust in what used to be a reputable brand...the lacie d2 "big disk" i bought about a year and a half ago (which was advertised as a 320gb  drive) is actually two drives! you heard me correctly. nowhere on the box will you find this information spelled out, but inside the enclosure is two 160gb drives and a controller card that makes the two drives appear as one on your computer's desktop. not only that, they aren't made by lacie, they are maxtor drives! that is correct, inside the lacie enclosure is two maxtor drives. (maybe this is what is implied by the brand name "d2")..the reason i feel so cheated by this fact is because the lacie failed on me, and only one of those drives contains the directory. that means that there are thousands of files that i can't open because some of their data (or the directory information about the missing data) is on the other drive, and since the drive(s) failed, they will not work together anymore in the same enclosure. i had to take the lacie to a repair place that had to remove both drives from the enclosure and work on them separetely since they no longer work in tandem (that's when i discovered there was two maxtor drives inside). it took them many hours, and cold temperatures had to be applied to get data off of the drive; i got back probably two thirds of the data that was most important to me, but it cost me almost $2000 just to have this done and it was only on one of the drives. i had to forgo extracting info from the other drive for now because i ran out of money...i should feel lucky to have as much data back as i do, because many people don't get that much back, and some don't get any back. people who have the money (ceos, celebs, etc.) can send their drive to drive savers and possibly get all their data back, but it can cost tens of thousands of dollars easily. i didn't have that option...i have learned two hard lessons for the future: 1) i'll be buying more single hard drives so they can act as failsafe drives for each other (possibly raid striping drives in the future), and 2) i will never buy a lacie product again. this is the most poorly-designed piece of crap i have ever trusted my data to, and it makes you more likely to lose your data, not less. when your data and/or directory info is scattered over two devices, and one of them fails (or they both fail to work together), you are hosed. your data is screwed...do yourself a favor and get a seagate drive, and several of them. let them mirror each other and back each other up if your data is important to you
will not install..i got this for lego racers.  i was having a lot of problems. my dad was trying as hard as he could. we couldn't find a driver.  the logitech website was not helpful, either.  it shouldn't be this hard to install, but it is
left analog stick loses calibration.do not buy this product. like many other people who purchased this product, my left stick loses calibration, making the gamepad worthless
g-force controllers are a waste of money.i brought four of the g-force controllers and three of them broke within 31/2 months.  the a-button on three of them is stuck down permanently.  the fourth controller, which has buttons that are slightly raised, seems to be doing better than the other ones.  i did not want to purchase this brand and now i wish i didn't.  it's been less than a year so i will be returning them to the company
g-force controller.i have had this for six weeks and now it is not working properly.  i should have bought it at wal-mart.  then i could have returned it.  amazon would not let me return it because it has been 30 days since purchase.  this item is defective
do yourself a favor and just buy the ordinary ones.i bought this controller a year ago. it busted 9 months ago. if you do the math, the g-force only lasted for 3 months. i thought it would operate just the same as a normal controller, but for a cheaper price. wrong! the joystick didnt move with as much ease as my normal controllers and i found absolutely no use whatsoever for the "auto-fire" mode. let me also point out that the z button trigger, dual vibration motors, and camera sticks are all featured in your regular-average- joe nintendo controls. it's also bigger than the normal design, which doesnt work to well with my short hands. my advice: just don't buy it
it broke after 1 month.this controller broke after 1 month of play..
best review in the house.i have a gamecube, but i have not bought this item yet, but based on the eleven reviews i don't think this is a very reliable item for the gamecube, believe me if you know what is good for you gamers, you would be better off spending five more dollars and getting a nintendo recomended controller
okay,  but bundled software fails to impress.right now you can find terrific values in flash drives, and can pretty much name your price. so what clearly differentiates different makes and models is the hardiness, speed/efficiency, and longevity of each - on the first two scores this unit is so-far-so-good, and on three, we shall see - as well as the intuitiveness and ease of its operation. ..the base software bundled with the unit - cruzer 2 - is disappointing to the degree that it does not operate seamlessly and transparently within windows xp. that is, it does not allow us to proceed as if it were simply using another hard drive.  besides not being terribly intuitive, cruzer 2 is also quite limited in capability, the latter an obvious inducement for users to pay up for the s/w upgrade five minutes after they plug it in.  ..for example, among the things you cannot do within the cramped confines of cruzer 2 is see how much free space you have left on the drive after an archiving session; or partition the drive into subdirectories; or apply differential password protection to different directories and subdirectories and so on and so on - features which competitive units, i have since learned, do provide.
crap.i bought this piece of s at the office depot in n. brunswick, nj (sucks) back in jan. '05. niether my dell inspiron laptop nor thinkpad were able to recognize the device without some ridiculous snafu (often, the device would be read as "adir rom," whatever the f that means; occassionaly, the device would work only after jamming it into the usb port several times). with flash drives, assured compatibility with all computer types is critical (think of work-related powerpoints, jpegs, speadsheets and documents). if a flash drive cannot be relied on 100% of the time, it's not worth owning.  the 512 mb cruzer mini, at least the one i purchased, was erratic and completely unreliable. what a disappointment. i would have expected more from sandisk
linksys wrt54g is a dud for apple/macintosh use.avoid this product like the plague.  after discovering that there are zero instructions for mac users, and after over one hour on the phone with out-sourced tech support, this baby is going back in the box and back to the big box store.  my old linksys was great: easy to set up and reliable.  so sad to have to switch brands
does not work with macs.i bought one of these for my brother and was pleased with it at first.  setup was surprisingly easy and we had wireless access throughout the house for his windows machines...so when i wanted wireless access in my apartment i bought one for myself.  i tried skipping the installation cd since i have a macbook and figured the default setup should be fine.  unfortunately i could not get an internet connection working.  when i tried accessing the router's configuration through my web browser, it was in italian!  apparently the router autodetects your language and if you have a mac it thinks that you speak italian.  with no way to fix the configuration, i returned the linksys and got a netgear wgr614 which worked fine and is better looking...when i visited my brother again with my new macbook i couldn't get on his network.  after much tinkering and research i found that a bug in the linksys router software prevents macs (and presumably linux or wii) from getting ip addresses.  i was able to fix it by installing an outdated version of the software, but that kind of problem is unacceptable.  do not buy this router if you'll be using anything other than windows
3 dead rounter in under a year.linksys used to be great, i had routers that lasted many years, and was very happy with linksys.  now, i'm on my 3rd totally dead router in under a year.  getting help from linksys is a pain.  they have become unreliable.
total junk.the first linksys (bought over a year ago....works fine) --- ive bought two more of these in the last 30 days and both have failed after a couple of weeks -- will not reconnect to the internet - will not reset - will not do anything except a huge headache -- i've now returned 2 and will buy from a diffent company on the next on
worked great... for a while.i'm writing this review as i'm packing up my router into it's box so that i can return it. i've had this product for about 3 months and i've had intermittent problems throughout that time, mostly needing to reset the router once a week. three days ago, i started to experiencing wireless drops on my macbook where i would reset the router, only to have another drop 3 to 5 minutes later. the next day, i couldn't get the dns server to assign me an ip address when connecting though the wired or wireless port. thinking it was a problem with my macbook, i tried to connect with my laptop from work... same problem. i then upgraded the firmware and even reset the router to factory defaults, but i still can't get an ip address. now, i'm connect directly to my cable modem and have had no issues for the past hour...my previous router was a linksys 4-port that lasted about 4 years. it died this summer and i figured i'd try one of these. i don't know what i'm going to do now. the reviews from amazon seem to indicate a hit or miss when it comes to this product...i'm a former it professional with an computer science degree. i think i tried everything possible to get this to work. my model is a wrt54g v6
linksys sells wireless routers that do not work!.this was my third linksys router and all three devices did not work. i owned the first 3 years ago. the latest two were this g model. i could not believe that two models in a row would be faulty, but sure enough they both were. i replaced the second linksys router with a belkin model today, and here i am minutes later writing this review. the pain created by linksys is beyond belief. i even took my ibook to the apple store convinced there was a problem with my laptop. the mac was fine of course. no more linksys for me!
not bluetooth.like the others, this is not the bluetooth keyboard that was advertised.  first time ever i got the wrong product from amazon
get real, this is not a bluetooth keyboard!.eventhough amazon represents it as a bluetooth hp fa287a#ac3, it is not, it is the fa118 that they send you. they did it to me twice and they haven't credited my account for the mistake. what amazon is selling is the older version direct connect keyboard not the new wireless version. the older version won't even connect to the new hx4700 ipaq as they claim. don't be foooled like i was...
could be better.i bought this so i could clip my gps onto my backpack and lifejacket, worked great for a while but the small ring tore off after 5-10 uses.  not great for serious outdoor use.  hope i can find a heavier duty carrier
screen glare is a big negative!.nice case that fits well and allows you to freely use the controls, but the glare is so bad i couldn't use it and i am following the advice of another reviewer who suggested cutting out the plastic and using a screen protector
would have been just the thing.would have been just the thing if it didn't buzz all the time.  xm radio sounded o.k.  for the price i didn't expect super "hi-fi" quality.  but the darn thing had a constant buzz in the back ground.  i exchanged it and it was replaced by another with the same problem. returned that too.  all in all i spent better than half the price of the unit on shipping and return shipping and i'm still looking for a speaker-docking system of this type for my tao.  if you find one that doesn't buzz at this price it's not a bad deal.  also you should know, there is no on/off switch or button, it's on all thie time
where's my stuff.i paid for 1-3 day shipping. it's been 7 days and i'm still waiting and i have no way to track the ite
canon mfc-730 a better buy.i have this printer at home, and a mfc-730 from canon at work. canon cost $100 more so i skimped at home, and have i regretted it since. printing function is fine, but scanning is slow and scanning multiple pages into a pdf is trial-by-software to get the thing to work. and the software itself is overly complicated and was designed by a newbie programmer who wanted to impress with all the bells and whistles, without understanding that people want simple, effective functionality. .spend a few extra pennies and save yourself the frustration.
you get what you pay for.my biggest beef is with the scanner. the copier and printer work fine. they're a little slow, but it's an inkjet, so i didn't expect much. the fax is great, probably the best feature in the bundle. but the scanner is hard to install and hard to operate. ..also, paper jams are incredibly hard to clear compared with other printers/copiers.
another source of boundless frustration......one of the most aggravating faults with this third rate printer is that it virtually cannot let you delete or cancel the task. say you make an error and you don't want to print the damn thing...it just keeps making back logs: you have 3 docs pending, you have 6 docs pending, you have 2938 docs pending etc. got it? so, save your money because this is just endlessly nerve-racking and frustrating. .if we lived in the wild west h  p would have been hanged long time ago. .the moral of the story? .modern technology generally doesn't work at all.
a nightmare!.1) the driver/software package is as large as a small os. sometimes it will print, sometimes it will scan. most times it will do neither. many times i have had to reboot to make the damn thing work at all. the driver package takes forever to install. save your money, i wish i had
inconsistent printing; shoddy software; incompetent support.i used to swear by hp electronics; our 10 year old laserjets are still going strong at work, my 15 year old calculators still work beautifully.. but something has changed at hp...while it worked at first, i can not get consistent, or even frequent, quality pictures printed on my hp officejet 5510.  i have replaced the cartridges, installed and uninstalled the horrible drivers (which appear not to have been updated in five years).  the photo prints from photoshop (using hp photo paper and hp cartridges) are dull and grainy, most of the time.  the printing is slow (many minutes per page unless printing at fast draft mode).  ..for our christmas cards, i finally gave up on the officejet after spending over $50 in supplies, and took my .tiff and .jpg files over to a ritz camera/print shop.  the prints i got back, using the same files, were exactly what i saw on my monitor on the first attempt.  i felt so fustrated that i had wasted so many days trying to get decent prints this year out of this printer.  this is the last hp product i buy...i have had to call hp support over our new officejet at work, and it was the worst tech support experience i have ever had (well, until calling dell's spare parts line last week)...the copy and fax functions work well...(note: hp server product lines and support are still of the highest quality.  as far as i am concerned, they are an entirely separate company from the rest of the shoddy "consumer" products.
excellent at first, but then it just goes downhill.i loved this unit at first, but after a little over a year of ownership, i wish i didn't own it!  the adf has continuously given me problems.  my current problem is that printing one page it taking 10-20 minutes!!!!  i was on the phone with hp trying everything to fix it to no avail.  they decided it needed physical service, which as another reviewer stated, would cost about as much as it would to just buy a new one.  i'm buying a konica color laser printer and a canon laser fax machine.  i'll also be buying a separate scanner.  this all-in-one idea doesn't seem to work long term.  this is also my 3rd hp printing machine in 2 years.  i think their quality has gone completely downhill
static, static, static....terrible piece of ten cent junk if you live in a city. can't get and keep a clear signal for more than 3 minutes. don't waste your time
too much hassle.this is a great idea for those who live in the country... but for those of us who live in the city, it just doesn't work. ..the fm transmitter required an unused radio frequency in order to transmit it's signal. otherwise, if you try to use a frequency that is alreay in use by a radio station, the signals will conflict. ..driving around in a large metropolitin area, where there are hundreds of radio stations, i could never keep a clear signal.
poor sound quality in urban areas.i bought the itrip hoping that i could sit on my couch with my ipod and transmit to my stereo receiver across the room (about 10 feet away).  my high hopes for an elegant wireless solution ended in disappointment.  despite that i have a nice big antenna attached to my stereo receiver and was only about 10 feet away, the sound quality was completely terrible - like listening to a weak fm radio station.  the subtlest tilting or moving of the ipod would create more or less static.  i live in an urban area and there are few available fm frequencies.  i tried a number of different frequencies but to no use - they all sounded very poor.  ..my friend has used the itrip in her car on long drives and mentioned that she was happy with its performance only in rural or less-populated areas where there were abundantly available fm frequencies.        ..on a positive note about the itrip, it is easy to use.  also, you can leave your volume all the way down and it will still transmit fm signals.
worked for a while, but....at first this product was a great way to play all my music in my car, but after a while it started to cut the music in and out. i thought it was just mine that was doing this, therefore, i considered getting another one, but other people i knew where having the same problem. since i haven't found any other solution to playing my ipod in my car this is unfortunately my only option.
poor support/broken device.device failed to amplify the signal and in fact caused some interference.  after spending 60 mins with level 1 tech support call was escalated to the level 2 technician who was unable to sort this out either.  after 40 mins on line with her i was told that device is clearly defective and should be returned.  1 star rating reflects inability of the tech staff to diagnose and distinguish broken device from operational one as well as fairly poor documentation in as far as what troubleshooting steps and/or options are
spent an hour and a half with tech support, failed to make it work.i'm a software engineer and i've setup many wireless networks in the past. usually i try to be balanced and objective, but this product has many problems that i don't know where to start...* the very brief user guide is poorly written and completely useless...* the software utility that comes with it (installable from a cd) is one of the most poorly written utilities i've seen:.  a. unintuitive interface. for example, they have this obscure button "up/ap" and no explanation in the guide or in the utility of what that means. buttons are enabled/disabled in a strange way..  b. you keep getting failure messages, and you have to try the same thing several times until it hopefully takes your settings..* repeated attempts with two different networks in my apartment and my sister's house failed, with and without wep security...* after hours of trials on my own, i called tech support, spent an hour and half on the phone trying different things, then then the person left or stopped responding.. not sure if he hanged up or what the problem is. called again, waited on the line again, said that i want to return it and the rep was fine with it. i'm returning it
wait for a while.con:..1). no auto-scan function to search an unused fm band, so that would easy to cause car accidents while drivers were trying to find an unused fm channel by manually operated----..2). sound's quality worse then car cd player. ..suggestion: .the idea of this product which is good , but if you are thinking to buy this product, wait for a while
distant radio station.this product makes my ipod sound like a distant radio station, a lot of dropouts and static.  i spent hours trying to get the right frequency for good reception, but it didn't happen.  i live in the metro la area so a good frequency was hard to find.  i guess it would work better in a more rural area
only a windows card.the sb live 24bit is a windows only sound card. it relies too much on the operating system. linux users must deal with a lot of tweaks to get it work at 50% because no input is supported
this product sucks.it could have been good, but there's hissing and reception problems.  my wife has an ipod and here wireless transmitter doesn't have this problem.  don't buy - you'll be sorry
didn't work.it simply didn't work for me. i am in washington dc area and not sure if it was because the fm signals are too jammed. but it just didn't work. after i tried many times, i gave up. also too bad, it was after 30 days so i couldn't return
best light level poor support for cable modem network.this is the best low light ip camara i have found in its price range.  however i also own an linksys ip camara and found their software to be far more intuitive and user friendly.  they also include support for cable modem style network (dhcp) sharing so you can broadcast the feed to the world.  the linksys was poor in low light situations though.  linksys's motion triggered event software =was much better out of the box as well.
a poor product.you never can tell how to qualify opinions like this.  i'm a big fan of dlink cameras.  i own and use at work 4 models.  this one however is a huge disappointment.  here are some points:..1) the camera is very unstable.  i upgraded to the latest (1.03) firmware version to be sure i wasn't outdated.  the camera locks up at times requiring a factory default to fix.  of course, then you have to spend time configuring again.  i've found that turning on "night shot" and sending to e-mail causes a lockup 100% of the time.  i've also locked up the camera a few other times and i haven't yet figured out a pattern...2) limited functionallity.  my other dlink cameras have nice features like upload to ftp and an image that can be pulled and used on websites and such.  this one does not.  it does have some kind of random image thing that allows you to view an image but since the filename is random, you can't do much with it...3) missing timestamp.  when you record video, there is no date/time stamp.  support case id "dlk397450207" from dlink: "it does not have a date  time stamp."  that seems like a dumb thing to do...4) inoperability with server 2003.  support case id "dlk397450207" from dlink: "i know we tend to have issues with windows 2003 os".  in other words, if you're thinking about uploading images to server 2003, forget it...i bought this because i need a low-lux camera.  when i can get a night shot picture, it does look ok.  but not much use to me when i have all these problems...summary: move on to the next product.  sorry dlink.  you failed on this one
very bad camera, don't waste your time or money.at the computer store i help out with, i have tried to set up the camera and everything went wrong.  poor software, poor documentation and everything else went wrong.  do not buy the camera at all.  it is a waste of money and it isn't even worth trying to get it to work properly
don't waste your time!.i have spent the past 3 weeks talking to i think every d-link tech support person there is,(litterly all over the world)trying to get this camera to work. i can see it on my lan but not on the internet. we could see the camera interface on the net, but no video, just a black screen. most of the 1st level tech people don't have a clue. the 2nd level tech people seamed to know more, but still couldn't help. i can't tell you how many hours i have spent on this, not to mention the hours on hold and then getting cut off while takeng to tech support. it is going back tomorrow before my 30 days is u
great features if it would keep working.i bought the dcs-950 camera to watch people testing in a room.  i found the camera easy to set up with the instructions that were supplied so maybe i had newer instructions.  the image quality is pretty good even in low light.  the features seem pretty good but they are a little awkward to use and i didn't test some of them.  overall i would be thrilled with the camera for the price but it keeps crashing.  usually when it crashes i get a "camera server error" when i log into the device.  i can navigate the admin web interface but get no video.  navigating to the reset option doesn't fix the problem, only powering it down fixes the problem.  sometimes it all crashes and i can't even log into it so i just have to power it down.  it crashes at least once a day..."jesse" at the india tech support was of no help.  he didn't have accurate information at all.  i am still trying to get some resolution and will probably spend $1000 of my time because i didn't spend $400 on a camera
good concept, needs work.i bought 2 of these cameras.  they had sequential serial numbers, so i know the hardware was the same batch...one of the cameras works as well as can be expected, but the other one locks up very easily.  it has locked up at least 10 times under normal usage conditions, and requires the reset button to be held while connecting power to get it to work again.  simply power cycling does not work.  this happened on firmware 1.0, 1.2 and 1.3...the camera that does work is ok and probably worth the money, but a lot of work should be done on the firmware to make it really solid.  for example, the dst setting doesn't stick, so the time-stamp on the image is always off by one hour - if it isn't completely wrong (1969).  i can set it again, but it will lose that setting next time i reboot it, or visit the settings page. the basic features work ok, but it crashes sometimes when saving settings, and you get a "page not found" error and have to log in again.  it also requires ie for the embedded activex video viewer, and as far as i can tell, the video cannot be viewed live on windows media or winamp even though it is supposedly mpeg4...so, give d-link a few months to bang out a few firmware fixes, and hopefully they will make it easier to use other streaming video viewers like wm10 or winamp...i'm not sure i would buy it again, but i will at least keep the working camera. the other one is going back for a refund
unreliable at best and poorly documented..i am a networking professional with many years experience so i was able to get it to work.  i have no idea how a novice would have any success with this device.  the documentation is almost non-existent and some of the explanations are just flat wrong.  i would not buy this product again...however, it is the first d-link product i have been disappointed with.  i really don't understand how they could have let this go out the door and what i find even more difficult to understand is why they don't at least provide updated and accurate documentation on the web site.  my experience with this device seems very "out of character" for what i believe is a solid second tier manufacturer
great idea, if only it worked. think twice!.set up was easy, technical support was readily availible. however the camera over a short amount of time stopped working. had to reset the camera several times a day for it to work. we bought it for remote security for a restaurant, so needless to say it failed for our application. called ts about a dozen times until "they" determined the unit faulty. returned the unit for one that was even worse. now i'm getting the run around with the rma department. i'm going to buy a different camera now at a local retailer. this way, i can return it without issue if there is any problems...update! d-link sent me some magic beta firmware version. the camera has worked flawlessly for weeks now.
not  so pleased.after wasting 2 afternoons, with tech support, trying to get this printer properly installed, i was told, by hp, that this printer has been found to be incompatible with windows xp. so if your operating system is xp, don't bother
receiver's good, xm service lacking.this is a good multi-purpose receiver for the price.  the sound quality is great considering its size.  overall though, the unit is inconvenient to use at times, because lighting on the display is poor, the buttons are too small too close together (and poorly labeled) and you need to have a spider's nest of wires attached to it at all times.  reception is moderately good, though for some reason it used to cut out once on hour, on the top of the hour starting at 9pm.  not sure what cosmic enigma caused that.  the remote is kind of useless, because its range is so limited that you have to point the remote in a very straight line at the receiver.  also, since you cant see the display from more than 6 feet away because of the awful backlight, you dont know what station your tuning in.  though really, my beef isnt with the unit as it is the service itself.  since you cant use one without the other, here is my take on xm.  the quality of their programming is starting to decline.  the music stations are becoming as repetetive as fm stations (if i hear freakin' bon jovi or green day one more time...) and their talk channel lineup is absolutely pathetic compared to sirius.  and now that oa have sold out and gone terrestrial again, there's no reason to have xm for any exclusive talk content.  also their international programming is a joke.  no bbc (except worldservice), no cbc...no international flavor at all.  they have one "european" station called "u-pop" that sounds like it was programmed by someone who's only seen london in magazines. also, xm used to boast commercial free music channels, but this is slowly starting to dissipate.  several of my favorite music channels have now started running commercials.  this is the whole reason i switched to a paid service in the first place!  i could almost live with it, but if you are going to bring in additional revenue from advertisers, then lower the subscription fees.  also, xm customer service is horrendous.  on the rare occasion you do get an english speaking associate, you have to wait on hold for interminable periods of time to reach them and they are often rude or clueless.  also you cannot access any of xm's online services (including account management) unless you are using windows, internet explorer (no netscape or firefox) and windows media player.  as an audio professional, i'm sorry but macs are better.  i should not be denied access to content that i am paying for because i use a better os. i am though with satellite radio.  i have tried both companies and they both have a long way to go if they want to get any serious attention or subscriber base.  they really should merge...if we had sirius' stellar programming lineup combined with xm's sound quality (sirius' audio quality is horrendous) that would be the best thing.  here's hoping.  until then, i'll stick with my podcasts and itunes radio streams, which are free, sound better and mostly have no commercials.
not worth my hard-earned money!.i planned to subscribe to xm radio.  but after reading the review by fox, i decided not to subscribe based on the fact that xm lowered the audio quality after apr 2006 by adding more channels.  if you listen to xm mainly in your car, then the poor audio quality may or may not affect you
can not rate it if you can't hear it..bought this unit so i could have xm in my office. live in a semi-rural area and public radio reception is hit and miss. have direct tv at home and they use xm for the music channels so decided to pay to have at work...have pointed the antenna south, north, east, west and upside down and still no signal. and yes before anyone chimes in i have a window and a clear view of the southern sky...all i have is an expensive paper weight that says no signal. no signal is no music, no music is no rating and no rating means one star.
do not purchase if you own a tungsten t5.i purchased the gamecard for use with my tungsten t5. when i tried to access the games, the only game i could play is simcity.  the other games say they are demo games only and that you have to register and purchase them individually.  i contacted the manufacturer of the gamecard via e-mail to try to get the registration codes to unlock the games.  three weeks later they responded to tell me that the gamecard is not compatible with the t5 and that i should try to return it.  so now i have one game, simcity. there is not a warning that the card will not work with the palmone tungsten t5 --buyer beware
nice, but image is not great.great design, it is definitely very compact. installation was simple however the image on mine "jumps" every few seconds. this is very annoying to the other person. i contacted creative support and they were not very helpful. unfortunately, this one is going back...
a piece of trash!!.this thing doesnt do anything at all, but blow a little.air... i cant find anyway to make it "vaccum".. i can blow.harder on my own than this thing.....i've written the people but have received no reply.....they should be put in jail for advertising this as they.have... puuuuuuuuuuuu to put it mildly!
the little engine that ... couldn't.if i live to be 140, i know my last dying gasp will produce more suction than this "vacuum."  it is basically useless in other ways as well.  the bristles on the brush attachment are far too stiff, rendering them incapable of curling around small components to loosen dust particles underneath.  the exhaust vent (which doubles as a rather asthmatic "blower") is positioned in such a way that it actually blows much of what little dust is picked up back into the item you're vacuuming.  and to top it all off, when i placed the unit into its charging station, it would not seat properly on the leads, so it wouldn't even charge.  in short:  just another made-in-china piece of junk
not recommended.i purchased this item hoping to put an end to all the compressed air cans that i use to clean. this was a waste of money and time all the thing does is make noise and give a slight breeze. you could easily blow more dust off of your equipment with your own lungs, even if they are filled with tar, than you can with this blower, and you might as well just scoop up anything that you want to use the vacuum to clean. i was very disappointed in this product
sennheiser pxc 250 generates noise.these headphones start out with white noise.  then in about 30 seconds generate a loud crakeling noise.  i wanted to return them.  but unfortunately, i discarded the packageing before i had a chance to use them on a flight
pictures fade over time.i have a canon mp390 which makes quality prints..when i bought the printer, i also purchased both hp and canon picture papers to see which were better..i was very happy with both brands until i found that after 9 months or so, the canon pictures have faded badly, while the hp paper is still looking like the day i printed them...i am very happy with my canon printer, and my canon powershot cameras, but the paper does not hold up over time...just a heads up
love the machine hate the cartridges.i agree with the other reviewer. i have the mp500 and this is a very nice all in one scan/print/copy no fax machine. however be prepared to shell out some bucks for the pgi-5. i am going thru about 1 every 3 weeks at a cost of about 15 bucks on very lite print jobs. i always use the fast print option. there is no compatible as of yet. i went thru office depot where i paid $15 per but got free shipping on orders of $50 or more. i might have to bring back my epson for my black ink print jobs. the other four cartridges are wearing very well. this is the last printer i will ever buy that doesn't already have a compatible on the market. i am looking into refilling this cartridge with an ink kit however you have to disable the ink gauge on the printer
do not buy this.i have tried time and again to get this bridge to work and no dice.  i did exactly what the previous poster said about configing the ip address - didn't work so i gave the cd a go.  that worked fine - as long as the brige was wired to the router.  when i tried to use it for my replay tv - no go.  so i tried to upgrade the firmware - the upgrade tool crashed midway through and now the bridge is not accessable at all.  total waste of money
amazon-stocked item may not support wpa.the item amazon shipped to me was version 1.1--this version does not support wpa (and can't be upgraded to support wpa with a simple firmware upgrade, either).  the current version is version 3
big disappointment.the easy setup software included, does not even recognise the bridge.  you have to set your tcp/ip settings anytime you want to go in and change config.  tech support knew less than the homelss guy in front of my building and as the rest of the tech industry, the customer support and teck support are now in india and there are language barriers..... to top it off, tech support could not fix problems and now i am stuck with it, due to customer support will not refund money.  also bougth wrt54g... never could make it work or remain stable and once again, their own software does not work!!!  the worst investment i have made since buying a computer with tech support in india! :
setup not confusing, just impossible.the setup wizard doesn't even see the bridge. cable is good, proven by making ip connection to brdge. so no problem, right? just use the handy web utility for setup. nope. the stated password is not accepted...this is a v3. i don't think a firmware upgrade is going to help because there's no way (at least for the customer) to get the new firmware in...the final suggestion from their tech support waas to return it as defective and try another unit. this was the same suggestion they had for a non-functional wusb54g. i guess they must be shipping a lot of defective units
iriver.don't waste your money. what iriver doesn't tell their customers is that once the battery goes dead, the system is useless. i will never buy one of their products again and i'm doing my best to inform everyone out there that they'll be tossing their money in the trash by purchasing any iriver products. my system cost me $340.00 and it is now as useless as the customer service department at irive
i wanted to love it, but don't.i always do my research before purchasing my mp3 players.  i read cnet and amazon along with other sites and i had an iriver that i was replacing that i loved so knew i couldn't go wrong with this player.  it got rave reviews...well, it's been a nightmare.  i do wish i had gotten a player with more storage but that's my fault.  i detest windows media player.  it is not user friendly at all.  iriver used to have an iriver manager that was simple to use.  wmp is the worst. it's not only frustrating, but time consuming.  there's nothing good i can really say about it.  i am actually returning my player because of the frustration and half the time the software and clix don't read each other to make it easy to delete files and put new ones on.  ..also, when pressing on the sides of the clix, it doesn't always take and you have to practically punch it hard to get it to work or accept your demand.  i did this when adding files to the quick list...it does sound ok and i like how small and light it is, but all the other problems don't make it worth it to keep...i wished i loved it like it seems most people do.  i wanted to and hate to send things back, but i think i'll give ipod a try
average phone.i purchased this phone because of the price and as it was going in my garage. low and behold i found that i could not put an extended cord on it from the handset as it did not have a modular plug. also, the box says the phone has call waiting caller id. this is not true. when on the phone and another call comes in, it does not display the number/name. overall the phone works and is nice and clear/loud. also, the amazon description notes that the phone has a back-lit lcd. this is not true. there are no lighted screens or keypads on this phone. i called ge support and got the biggest run around ever. don't buy ge.....the support is horrible
worked 2 weeks.at first, i thought this phone was a great bargain - for about two weeks.  then it stopped working.  i checked the phoneline, cord, and everything else, and the verdict was that it was the phone.  so..be careful
endless formatting.do not purchase this if you own a sonyrdr-vx500 dvd/cassette recorder, i just put one of them in my dvd recorder, and like all other new dvd rw discs they have to be formatted, which is no problem but this sony dvd rw has been formatting now for over 40 minutes, i don't know if it is just the one disc, but my recorder is locked up, cant shut it down, stop the format, change channels, do anything...  i have been using memorex dvd rw's and have had no problems recording or formatting them (format takes about one minute)..i assumed that being a sony disc in a sony recorder would be a good thing, but from this problem i will stick with memorex dvd rw's from now on...while i was waiting i formatted one in my computer with nero and in less than two minutes it formatted fine, so if you want them for your pc they seem to be ok...now i am off to unplug my dvd recorde
it's not compatible with the new video ipod, newest ipod.in the photo you are deliberatley decieved into believing it doesn't contain that chip type plug in. i'm not technical enough to explain, but i think if you've bought a recorder in the past for your older ipod, you've realised the recorder doesnt' fit the new ipod because of the other part that plugs in. there is only the headphone slot on the top. the photo only shows the headphone jack so it decieves you into believing this one will fit your new ipod. i just kept it anyway, haven't used it. that's not the point, buyer beware if you're buying for the latest ipod, this isn't for you
not so good.i purchased this item based on the reviews from this site as well as the others i found on the web.  i have to say that i was very disappointed with this unit and sent back to amazon.  my existing dvd player is a sony gx330 hooked up throught component video cables and the oppo used a monster cable dvi/hdmi cable.  i ran 3 videos through both players and trying all the video formats for the oppo and hands down, the sony was clearly better...it may have been that this was a bad unit but after using the unit; i will wait for a hd-dvd player when there are more to choose from
ok for price.i'm having a hard time finding a good portable radio. in the age of mp3 players finding a good radio is like looking for the holy grale. anyway, i bought this one at cvs for $10 and it works ok for it's price. however, even the station broadcasting only 10 miles away are fuzzy, especially if it's cloudy or going to rain. am stations are the weakest and i can't get the stations in from only 10 miles away either. i would say as a general rule, don't buy coby, not even for jogging purposes, the stations don't stay put, they get fuzzy or fade out.
walk away, do not buy.device gets interference, and poorly made.  hard to pick up stations, unless your standing under the radio tower.  just a bad bad bad bad bad device.  i would apraise the item at negative $15.00 you would have to pay me to wear it
ignore the other review (but this thing does suck).the other reviewer of this product obviously didn't read the directions.  first of all, the unit comes with a piece that secures the battery in the remote.  second, i am assuming it is a limitation of the ipod's software, but when the remote adapter is plugged in, the ipod is supposed to say it is ok to disconnect.  having said that, the unit does suck.  when the adapter is plugged in, you cannot use the ipod's controls or view anything on its screen.  the remote is very buggy and often loses its connection to the ipod.  if you go through songs too quickly, the information displayed on the screen will not always be correct.  the ipod doesn't always respond to the remote.  you can hear a buzzing in your earphones when information is being transferred to the remote.  battery life is pathetic.  finally, the remote scratches easily and is ugly.  suffice it to say, i returned mine
does not work at all..this was a worthless piece of crap. packaging said that product would work with the ipod mini. when i stick in the ijet piece that goes into the dock spot, it just says that the ipod is ok to disconnect, i can't do anything with my mini until i take it out. the controller doesn't work either. the aaa battery that it came with doesn't 'fit' into the controller. it gets in there fine, but it rattles and i just couldn't seem to get a connection between the battery and the controller. i followed all the directions, and at first i thought my product was faulty so i returned it for another one, and the exact same problem occured. 0 out of 5 stars, i'm never touching another product by ijet again
beware of exhorbitant shipping charges.i ordered this item, and being an amazon.com prime customer, made the mistake of ordering via one-click...so, a $17.32 pair of speakers has over $22 in shipping charges! that's a total of almost $40! and now they claim i can't even change or cancel my order since it's already in shipping...the bottom line: no one would (or should) buy something if the shipping is more than the item is worth
terrible.still havent figured out how to set it up with my surround sound/cable system.  had it since september - hasnt worked 1 day... had 3 different people try to get it to work
your money is better spent elsewhere.like most have pointed out, it's a digital signal and there's no need for all the gas-injected, gold plated, shielded stuff monster cables hype.  for analog signals this stuff absolutely makes a difference because analog cables are highly affected by outside em interference...some people have pointed out that monster cables are more durable.  so yes, if you plan on swinging around on your cables it might matter.  if, like most people, you plug the stuff in behind your equipment then leave it be for months and months, don't waste your money
be an educated consumer!  you don't have to spend a lot for *digital* cables.you don't have to spend a fortune on expensive cables when you are dealing with digital signals.  keep in mind that all digital interfaces have error correction built into them. did you know the internal components of consumer electronics are connected with tin and nickel?  there's no gold inside!  so there's no need for oxygen-free, gold tipped, multi sheilded, super mega supreme cables.   if you don't believe me, buy this cable and a no-name cheapie.  compare them for yourself -- you will see no difference...with analog signals, a good quality cable may make a difference (although the difference is usually only visible on an oscilloscope).
dumb dumb dumb.what do they say about fools and money?..hdmi uses tmds which is a digital transmission system with built-in error correction. tmds has been designed to work over cheap cabling and a $10 hdmi cable will meet the specification. if you spend 9 times more on this cable than another one then you have just wasted $80. that's all there is to it. ..you don't need expensive shielding or gold plated connectors for a cable. the picture or the sound are not richer or more vibrant with a $90 cable over a $10. in fact the signal is identical. let me repeat - hdmi ( dvi-d) devices talk digitally with error correction. this cable and ones like it are for suckers only.
way too expensive.this is nothing more than a vga cable with different plugs. it is a rip off. gold plated connectors or not. use your compenent connections for near same quality image for one tenth the cost
warning: does not work with olympus as advertised.the description listed specifically says "embedded panorama feature for digital cameras with panoramic functionality."  this is wrong.  this card does not support olympus camera panoramic features
shipped wrong product amp; didn't refund shiping.i ordered the 512m xd when it was cheaper than the current price, but they shipped me a 256m card instead.  they said that it was a price mistake and to return the product for a full refund, which was find with me, but they did not refund the shipping!  i can understand if i ordered the wrong product, but this was their error yet they still expect me to pay for their mistake?
keep jumping around the screen.this mouse is cute and good-looking, but not recommended for everyday use. it keeps jumping around the screen every few minutes. very annoying. only buy it if you want to use it very occasionally. i threw it into dust and switched to a microsoft mouse and now everything is just fine
spotty performance.it works ok, except for when the pointer suddenly jumps to the other side of the screen.  why does it do this?  i have no idea.  it seems to happen about every 10 minutes on average.  my other kensington mouse (full size) doesn't have this problem, so i expect this is a problem with the pocket mouse in particular.  i'm going to replace it with something more stable.  (i'll just save it for use as a back-up mouse.
it broke!!.i have had this mouse for almost a year now, and a couple of months ago it started flaking out, not always clicking when i clicked.  then i had to start unplugging and re-plugging it to get it to turn on.  eventually it just stopped turning on all together.  we tested other usb devices on my laptop, and found that it was indeed a mouse problem.  we even tried the mouse on several different computers.  i'm working on contacting kensington to replace it, but so far i've only recieved an e-mail parroting back to me my original complaint
not compatible with phone that even panasonic said was.i purchased the kx-tg5776s phone system, and the panasonic web site shows this (tca200) as an accessory (10-10-2006) but it does not fit this phone.  i called the panasonic help and they told me i got the wrong thing that the tca200 did fit that phone and that i should order it directly from panasonic.  so like an idiot i did, and voila, its the same part, still doesn't fit.  called panasonic again, this time the person said they don't make a battery backup for the kx-tg5776s yet and that the "other" panasonic person was mistaken.  now i'm out over $20.00 bucks in shipping costs and still don't have a phone that works when the power goes out.  its quite possible the tca200 works, but just not with the phone system i purchased.
what a piece of junk. don't buy this.this so-called "travel charger" didn't charge my battery. on the contrary, it seemed to dis-charge it. i plugged this in, tried to turn my ipod on, and get the "battery exhausted" error. i had to plug it into the computer and leave it there for 5 minutes to even get it to sync with itunes. the reason why i bought this was to charge it without plugging into the computer. but this didn't work, so it defeats the purpose. oh well......i'll have to see if i can return this for a refund. i hope i can..
another winxp blue screen of death.ditto on the blue screen of death (bsod) reviews that i've seen for this product.  i had read the warnings before buying, but i have a relatively new, mainstream pc that i have never had a single problem with, and figured i would be ok.  the price was right...i installed the software (which checks online for newer versions than what is on the cd...there was none), plugged in the device when asked to by the on-screen prompt, and the machine immediately gave me a bsod.  when i restarted, the machine would not boot due to a missing dll file...i went through the recovery process with the windows xp installation cd (took 30 minutes but seemed to repair the system perfectly), and when i restarted the machine after the recovery i left the webcam plugged in.  i assumed that the recovery would have refreshed any conflicted files and/or drivers, but soon after boot (i later realized that this was when the install program tried to resume) i got another bsod...finally i wised up, unplugged the hardware, and restarted the machine (no corrupted os this time, thankfully).  the installation software again tried to continue and asked me to plug in the device...i chuckled and politely refused, and it crashed soon after.  windows xp crash reporting informed me that logitech had informed microsoft of a solution to this problem...i needed to install the software from their website.  i downloaded it, tried to install it, and got a message that my currently installed version was newer than the one i was trying to install.  it was the last straw...i had given this webcam the benefit of every doubt...so i sent it back...as mentioned in several other reviews...install at your own peril
can i give it zero stars?.there is something nasty about the driver for this camera.  on 2 different machines, the driver for this camera creates faults at shutdown--something about not releasing control and being forced to quit by windows xp.  install at your own peril.  not recommended
poor software.don't waste your time with the camera.  everytime i did an install, windows xp would start to slow down.  did several system restores and re-installs with no luck.  if you visit the logitech support site, you'll see numerous threads with similar driver and .dll problems - with no solutions...try another brand
a very basic radio with limited compatibilities  poor ergonomics.this is a very basic radio: no presets for stations and limited compatibility that you will only read about in the user manual.  and, the firmware can not be updated...i also have a very difficult time using the set-top dials as they are slippery and wobble...in my final analysis, this radio is way over priced for the basic functionality and the ergonomics are weak...i used a 5th gen video ipod (60 gb) and the radio seems to lock up the ipod at least once a month...i am disappointed with this product
it was nice, when it worked.i went through two phones, returned both to amazon.  the first phone did not charge fully.  one 10 minute call and the battery would be dead.  the second phone worked well for a week and then the sound quality took a nose dive and the microphone stopped working for outgoing calls...when they worked, i really liked this phone; maybe i just received two bad apples?  in any case, i will wait a while for linksys to fix the bugs or wait for another reputable manufacturer to release a cordless skype phone
if you buy this product be prepared to buy another....this product is not very well thought out.  the battery lasts less then 24 hours not on the charger.  its range is about 30 feet in doors.  it requires you to dial "+" "country code" "city code" "number" for every number.  the sound quality is terrible.  ..it would be forgivable if the product was priced below $20.  but its retailing as much as $100 and so its not forgivable
didn't even work and it doesn't look good either!!.when i recieved my order i was so excited but when i opened it, i was so disappointed!! the eairpieces of it are over 1 and a half inches thick, i looked like a robot wearing them! when i put the battery into them, they weren't lightweight, they kept falling off my ears when i walked! plus, get this, they didn't even work, when i tried to turn on the noise canceling function, the red light didn't even turn on!! these would be great if you're looking for a geeky looking pair of stereophones! good luck, if you them
dissappointing.i have been on a bit of a quest for decent and user-friendly noise cancelling cans for a few months.  i use trains and subways to commute, and i think i did damage to my hearing years ago when i would drown out the subway noise with my headphones.  i figure noise cancellation (or reduction) technology would help prevent further damage.  i had the sennheisser pcx-250 (list $150), which sounded reasonably good and had fairly effective noise cancellation, but was very cumbersome to use, with a lot of cords to get tangled with the remote cords on my cd player (iriver slimx 450).  they were fairly comfortable.  i then moved to the aiwa branded sony noise cancellation phones (list ~$60).  these do not have a separate battery/circuitry compartment like the sennheissers, but instead, like the koss qz-50, have these built into the headset.  they are moderately comfortable but bulky.  the noise cancellation is pretty effective, although it adds a significant amount of hiss (more than the sennheissers).  the sound overall is balanced, a little bass-heavy and ragged in the treble range, but overall quite listenable.  best of all, the aiwa is very sensitive, so it is easy to drive, and saves cd player batteries (since you run the player at lower volume levels to achieve the same loudness).  i tried the koss qz-50 because i hoped the behind-the-neck design would be more comfortable and less geeky looking.  also, i love the porta-pros, and was hoping the qz-50 would sound like them.  the qz-50s sound just ok.  not very extended in the bass, no better than the aiwas up top.  they are fairly comfortable, although the earcups tended to slip down off my ears when i walked.  unfortunately, while the noise cancellation processing does not add any significant hiss, it also doesn't seem to reduce noise at all.  add to that the qz-50s high impedance (which requires higher volume settings on the player), and the qz-50 is not worth keeping.  i'd try the more expensive koss qz based on the porta-pro, but it, too, uses a separate, wired compartment for batteries and circuitry.  i do not recommend the qz-50 as a solution for listening in noisy environments
uncomfortable and not much in the way of noise cancellation.i was very disappointed with the koss qz50. they do not fit on the head very well, and the noise cancellation is very slight. the sound quality is good, but not exceptional. i would suggest looking for another option
not the greatest for airline travel.i recently took a trip and wanted to see how much of the airplane's engine noise these headphones would cancel.  i was fairly disappointed as the difference was noticable, but not very significant.  while these are very light which was nice, i would have rather have had the extra weight and had these be over-the-ear headphones which would probably have helped block out some of the engine noise and made the noise-cancelling seem more effective.  i ended up using the over-the-ear headphones i had brought along just in case
they tend to leak!.i used to use rayovac batteries  whenever i had one to leak; they would always replace them. after i has some c batteries to leak, some aa batteries to leak,  then some d batteries to leak/.i called rayovac  they offered to replace them but i told them their batteried leaked too much  i was going to switch to energizer or duracell. rayovac batteries almost ruined alot of stuff because of leaking acid! they are okay for children who use them faster than eating candy; but not for me  id phone callers, flashlights, radios,  especially remote controlls for the tv  vcr/dvd player. i am glad we switched
i wish i could give these zero stars.i'm doing a project and i tested these batteries. it is pathetic, the lasted for 104 min.! then they ran out! can you believe it? i definitly will never buy these batteries, but they're extremely cheap
total disappointment.well, it's christmas night and i almost had very disappointed kids.  i purchased a pack of these batteries when i ordered some toys.  most of the batteries in this pack didn't even work.  a few worked but most of the batteries had no power! it's just lucky i had a few duracells on hand.  it's too bad there isn't a rating of zero because that's the rating these batteries deserve. i'll never buy this brand again.  i sure hope no one else had this experience
pesima calidad.recibi el estuche apenas hace 15 dias y esta descocido por los costados de la tapa. para ser un producto de hp, deja mucho que desear...estoy iniciando el proceso para su devolucion.
this does not fit the ipaq hx2755.this does not fit the ipaq hx2755. do not try! there are plenty of other cases out there that will work. i ended up with a 94 cent digital camera case from wal-mart that works better than this thing.
not for most ipaqs.this case will not work with most ipaq pdas because it is designed for ipaqs with a side hinging cover.  the case actually attaches to the hinge of the cover, thereby replacing whatever cover was on the pda.  unfortunately, my hx2755 has a cover that hinges from the top, so this case won't really work for it.  its a tight squeeze with the cover attached for my pda to fit, but it does have some room for a few credit cards and maybe some sd cards
shuffle won't  play songs downloaded from the internet.i wanted an mp3 player that can play some songs from the internet. .i have a creative muvo player that palyed some mp3 songs downloaded from the internet with no problem but when i used ipod shuffle it won't work no matter how hard i tried. it may work with cd which i didn't need in my case, my view about this is that apple want you to buy songs from itunes so all  apple ipod players are rigid as far downloading different format from the internet if it palys any at all...bottom line if you bought ipod shuffle to play songs from the internet you just wasted your money for nothing!
not palm compatable.this sd card is not palm os compatable, so if you do not have a windows pda, don't get it. i made the mistake of buying this for my new tungsten e2, and it doesnt work. be forewarned
poor quality.i've gotten virtually no benefit from this.  the tags aren't reliable.  i recently walked around my house carefully pressing all of the remote buttons, even though nothing was lost, and it located none of the tags.  the batteries in the remote were new.  i've found that i need to reseat the batteries in a given tag whenever it stops working - annoyingly, randomly and frequently - which ironically i don't recognize i need to do until i, ummmm, locate the tag.  they do get points for customer service - one of my tags arrived doa which sharper image did politely and promptly replace free of charge.
reciever disks have been battery burners.i have the older 4 reciever unit. the concept is great. it works well when the batteries in the recievers aren't dead. i've had mine two years and the batteries in the receivers with no use seem to go dead in two months. it's the same for all 4 receivers. they go dead at about the same time. stock up on the cr2032 quarter sized batteries
defective.although the cf card reader worked well the first time i plugged it into my powerbook, that was the last time it functioned correctly. i had to return it within 7 days of its first use
unreliable reader due to broken connector pins.the idea is good. the tranfer speed is fast. but compactflash memory card by itself is not really designed for multiple plug-and-play. the alignment of cf card to the reader is always tricky. after using it for about two months, a connector pin inside the reader was bent and eventually broken, making the reader unusable.  otherwise it would have been a good product
this may not be fair.but i came to the page to buy one of these. then i read the reviews...so, as i have obviously had no experience with this particular lacie drive how dare i comment?..well, i have been building my own pcs since 1982. have used hundreds of drives from all the vendors. in the past lacie has always been innovative, cheap, and unreliable: the above reviews would support the view that they have not changed...no. i don't feel lucky
unreliable, error-prone and noisy: don't buy!.piece of junk.  don't buy it!..i wish i'd read reviews like the others on amazon.com before buying the lacie 1tb bigger disk triple interface firewire and usb 2.0 hard drive!..after purchasing this product from another online merchant, i could never partition the drive as one large 1tb partition -- kept getting errors from windows xp.  later, files i stored on one of the partitions became unreadable when i tried to access them.  finally, windows xp's chkdsk program couldn't even complete a scan of the partition, due to bad sectors...30 minutes on hold with lacie tech support and i learned that not only was lacie unwilling to make any concessions for a drive that was only 2 months out of warranty, but lacie couldn't even offer a repair service if i wished to have it fixed at my expense!  ...to say nothing of the personal pain of losing hundreds of personal photo files to the drive's data errors...more info that may help others:.the lacie 1tb bigger disk triple interface firewire and usb 2.0 hard drive is actually 4 western digital caviar wd2500jb-fuao ide disk drives made to appear as one drive via a custom printed circuit board.  this whole assembly is then joined via a single ide interface to a separate board that converts firewire800, firewire400 and/or usb 2.0 to ide.  whereas the individual disk drives are whisper-quiet, lacie cools them with a single 40mm sunon kd1204pfb1 case fan.  that fan, itself is supposed to be one of the quitest available, but the whole assembly in its aluminum shell makes quite a racket!..if i wanted to get my unit working again, lacie tech support advised that my only option was to disassemble the unit, myself, test each of the 4 wd drives, independently by connecting them to the ide interfaces on my computer and replace the defective drive(s), myself at about $150 a piece.  whereas i'm doing all of this, i'm far from certain that the "repaired" unit will be trustworthy -- after all, it'll still have that circuit board that might be introducing the data errors...summary: don't buy lacie.  don't buy external hard disk units that present more than one hard disk as a "single" drive
does  b. whitten work for lacie ?.i was going to get this drive but now i am scared. i need the space but the cons are overwhelming. i dont understand how 7 people can give varying negative reviews and then one super hey wow review comes along .. what am i to believe ? .have to think about this one.. but man do i need a storage solution and fas
beware of these speakers!!!.i had a very similar experience to "w. bailey" and "phillip crosby" below.  there is a fundamental flaw in the design.  the sound on the secondary speaker will get very shaky (i.e., play inconsistently).  minor fiddling with the on/volume knob will restore the sound temporarily, but slowly and surely, the connection to the secondary speaker will become gradually more and more tenuous until you are pretty much left with only one functioning speaker.  again, given the similar experiences of other reviewers, i strongly suspect this is a fundamental flaw in design.  in sum, avoid these speakers if you want them to last more than a year
travis, do you own stock? these speakers are really bad..i bought these on special, and they are just terrible. murky sound, things i am so used to hearing in my music are just gone. bass is nothing to write home about. the whole sound platform is just muddy. no clarity or precision at all. especially at low volumes, you'd think you were holding a pillow over the speakers. unfortunately i can't return these because they were sitting in the box for a month while i was os
don't bother with these.the speakers worked fine for about a year then began "popping". now i have to fiddle with the volume control to get both speakers to work. this is not a quality item.
sony  headphones for mp3 use.it's a user friendly product with a great sound
even new, they don't work.the earbuds don't really fit into my eyes well and one is always falling out. they are brand-new, and yet the left earbud often just doesn't work at all. these are cheap $10 headphones, you get what you pay for - one-sided sound
nice, but....if you're one of the responsible mp3 owners who actually use a protective sleeve for your little investment, this docking station is a royal pain in the hiney!!  the player will not fit in the dock with the sleeve on so you have to unfasten the velcro then try to pry it out of the jacket enough to get the bottom to sit in the dock.  and the little adapter thingee that comes with the mp3 player is a lot more convenient to use and you accomplish the same thing without spending $40!
exorbitantshipping charges.the minimum shipping that this supplier charges is $15.00 (less one cent). unless you plan to by a gross or two of these cartridges, buy them locally, pay full list price plus sales tax, and save money
depends on which camera you use.i have 2 of the cd-mavica cameras. the cd-1000 uses these disks fine with no problems. however with the cd-500, about 2/3 of the disks have problems. i know it is not my camera causing this problem, i know several people with the same camera that have the same problem. if you have a cd-500, use the tdk brand disks, i have not had a problem with any of them.
shameful and degrading.let me start by correcting the name of the product.  it is a 210 mb / 24 minute cd-r spindle.  i went to europe with my cd mavica and this exact item.  it is now a little over a month after my return, and several disks (containing our trip to london and a friend's wedding) no longer work in my computer or camera. it seems the data is degrading from the disks. luckily, we gave copies of the wedding pictures to the bride, so we'll get those back.  london, however is only captured in memory anymore.  i should have known.  memorex. . .memory + ex.  quot;exquot; comes from the latin for quot;out of, from.quot;  you get the picture.  unless you took it with a memorex disk
the very worst product i purchased in 2005.being presented with a creative i300 this christmas drove me to write this review!.i've owned the srs-t88 speaker for more than 6 months now and was always dissapointed by how it sounded. one tone bass, frequency peaks that really strain your ears and make the voices sound screechy, lack of clarity in the high ranges (where's the treble?).out of curiousity, i opened up the device - and found a regular linear push pull amp that wastes a lot of battery power (not a high efficiency digital amp). this kind of amps costs a dollar or two to make in quantity. the bass from the speakers was being enhanced by a silicon rubber tube acting as a port (no wonder that one tone bass sound). believe me - if you know electronics and a bit of audio - prepare to be shocked when you open this device up! no more than a few dollars worth of components inside and a design that even i can better!..now fast forward to christmas 2005 - my brother presented me with the creative i300. i'm just blown away with the sound quality of this one. nice bass, good treble and overall very clean room filling sound. and they claim to have a digital amp (my batteries do last and last). i haven't opened this one up yet - since i plan to keep it for a while :)..well - next time i have to buy a "sony" - will be looking at alternatives instead. you should save your money and do the same
not so good.i bought 2 of these (one for me and the other for my sister); we both didn't like them.  at first, it seems like the fit is perfect... then after about 15-20 min. my ear starts hurting (so much that it's impossible to wear) - i used this for about a week, thinking my ear needed to get use to it - that didn't work.  also, i found the mouth piece too far from my mouth - this isn't a problem if you talk very very loudly.  i also noticed that there is a constant quiet fuzz sound in the background.  my sister experienced all of the above as well.  all in all, i ended up taking them both back.  still looking for a good one
i know everyone loves these but, in a nutshell, this is why i hate them..the right side went out  the bass blew in the left  now it sounds terrible!.i dont play them loud either. i play them very softly  this still happened. im upset  distraught :
shoddy design, poor sound quality.i am an avid audiophile, so this review may not hold much credence for those of you who simply desire flashy overpriced headphones; however, for those of you who hold your listening experience in a vastly higher regard, i cannot recommend these headphones for much more than a paperweight.  ..the sony mdr-v700 headphones, while substantial, have a major design flaw.  the area where the driver connects to the head band breaks easily, causing the headphones to either fall off of the headband, or become unbalanced, often causing the side affected to jet out away from your ear.  the only fix that i have managed is to tightly run tape around the perimeter of the casing, and then tie a string around it for reinforcement; of course you can also do what i did and throw them in the garbage after only about 8 months use.  the sony mdr-v700 also does not faithfully reproduce sound, so using these as studio monitors or even just hi-fi listening is simply absurd.  the frequency response curve is shifted heavily toward the lower frequencies, which often dulls the mid-high to high end frequencies.  these are also extremely heavy, overbearing headphones that are quite uncomfortable to wear for long periods of listening.  i often experienced tension headaches after wearing these simply because they pull on my ears and scalp so much.  finally, sound leaks out of these headphones like crazy.  if you're looking for something to record with, monitor with, or just be non-intrusive with, these are definitely not the headphones for you.  in short, if you want a low-end overpriced headphone that's flashy, these are for you.  if you want a headphone that accurately reproduces sound, is non-intrusive, and wears comfortably, then i recommend akg for home/casual listening, and etymotic for mobile listening.  they're volumes more expensive than the mdr-v700, but the quality is worth it
junk !!!.have had this 7410 for six months. it scans slow. it rarely will scan to winfax. the software boo boos about every other time scan wise and must unplug replug. ink is expensive. software is absolute junk and makes it almost impossible to use your own scanning software. card reader is ok. copying is ok
if you need all-in-one to be part of a wireless network read this!.i have owned this printer for a little more than one year. some people have had enormous problems with this product and i am one of them. whether you will have problems or not depends on your network configuration and os/service packs. if you have a wireless network in your house and you need to connect this printer to it, you could be in for some unpleasant surprises! the problems that i will describe have been documented and acknowledged by hp and has not nothing to do with not following instructions...so ignore those who dismiss negative reviews with statements like "read the directions stupid and follow them exactly". later in this review i will give you some information for those of you who have been unlucky enough to encounter the well known problems with this product...first, even though i like the print quality of this device i have some complaints about hardware problems i encountered. the first two printers i bought did not work due to hardware issues, right out of the box, so i returned them to the store. however, my third printer worked. however, it broke on the day my warranty expired. i called the next day and the hp representative noticed that my warranty expired the day before. however, he was kind enough to still honor my warranty which i am very grateful for. therefore i am not giving this product one star but two...because i switched networks, and network configuration, had a hard disk crash, switched printers, and other issues, i had to install and reinstall the software several times. this in itself is a negative (having to reinstall the software). however, i also encountered issues with the software on the cd, and these issues have nothing to do with not following instructions as acknowledged by hp. if you need to install the printer as part of a wireless network you could end up having the following problems;..-- svchost.exe will start throwing exceptions when you open internet explorer or even windows explorer, and you will get four svchost exceptions every time you restart your computer (this is very bad)..-- if this happens during installation, your installation may fail and some capabilities will never be installed (you may not be able to scan or print). if this happens it may not help to re-install the installation software...so if you need to install this printer on a wireless network instead of using the installation cd you should down load the updated installation software from hp. hp support staff will tell you from where you can get this, i am not allowed to you give the url here...it is possible that this update is on the newer installation cd's but you should check that before you install. also verify everything i am saying with hp support (hp support is good). if you have already installed the software and you are getting strange svchost.exe exception errors or the printer is missing some features, then you need to do a complete uninstall and use the installation update mentioned above. what i mean with a complete uninstall is that just uninstalling the software from the control panel is not good enough. you also need to clean out the registry and delete some files located in the windows operating system. ..you need to do the following:..a. remove entries from add/remove programs..b. remove entries from printers and faxes folder..c. remove entries from registry..d. remove folders from c:\windows..i could give the elaborated steps if someone wants me to do so, however, you could just ask hp support for these instructions. these instructions will work, but nothing else will (experience)...however, my major point is, if you are not prepared to do this every time you need to change your wireless network you should look for another product.
4 out 5 drives failed.i originally bought two of these drives for data backup. within a few months, one of them would intermittently refuse to mount. so i would erase it, reformat, and it would work for awhile. finally, after about 8 months, it quit for good. no disk recovery program would recognize the drive, so i lost my data. i returned the drive to lacie and they gave me a refurbished one. then, a friend of mine with the same drive had the same problem. no disk utility (apple disk utility, disk warrior, techtool, symantec utilities) could recognize the disk. i noticed that when i turned the power on, the disk would only start up for a few seconds, so it appears that there was a hardware failure. she also has lost all her data...well, my second drive failed the same way. fortunately, i coaxed the drive into mounting one last time and i got my data off. i shipped the drive off to lacie and they sent me a replacement drive, which was dead on arrival. did all the normal tricks (different computer, cables, power adapters, disk utilities) plus everything lacie told me to try, but the drive was dead. unfortunately for me, i had waited several months before i tried the drive and the original drive is now out of warranty, so lacie will not replace the dead replacement drive they sent to me. 4 out of 5 dead drives makes for an 80% failure rate. and these are mechanical failures; once the drive dies, you cannot retrieve your data with data recovery programs. so, unless your data is disposable, do not buy one of these drives
misery.i must say this is a do not buy.  this is because i have now known five people including i that have all bought this, and they have all been stoped working.  i contacted la cie for help, and all they said is: well have a back up for your back up.  then gave me pointers on what i did wrong to why it does not work.  which is kinda of funny b/c they never asked, and just accused.  it is cheap for a reason.
poor design and construction.this broke within 15 minutes.  the piece holding the connection to the cable is fragile at best.  don't man-handle or drop it.  don't squeeze it into a tight location or put any torque on the cable connecting it.   also even when it is brand-new, some connection wiggling might be involved to get a functioning connection.  slight wiggling of the cord/connection leads to bending the plastic "door" which holds the cable in the correct position, which in turn makes the connection harder to make.  it's a self-degrading device by design...i work in technology and have purchased countless pieces of infrastructure and accessories.  this may be the worst designed product i've seen in a while
handle with care.many of the other reviews sum up the device well. the design weaknesses around the connector take away from the potential performance that the internal hardware may offer. i was using the device on a tivo series 2 - when it was connected, it worked great with acceptable transfer speeds. unfortunately, the connection proved tenuous and during the process of connecting and disconnecting the cable, the clip that holds the rj-45 connector to the adapter broke off. a makeshift connection using tape was successful for a few minutes in maintaining the connection, but any movement at all disconnected the cable. ..i did not receive an extension cable with the adapter, but that would probably help...i am rma'ing the broken device with linksys, but do not recommend this model to others. linksys customer service has been good regarding the rma (after a very long hold time)
do not buy.if at all possible do not buy this gadget!!! it is a nightmare keeping the cable plugged into the little door it has as a connector. it breaks very very easily. worst engineering i have ever seen especially from linksys!!! they are a trusted company but i threw mine in the garbage today and good riddens!
blue screen of death.yuck, only 24$ and i feel very ripped off.  i have not seen the blue screen of death since windows 95 but here i am with a brand new xp computer from dell and i can't get this thing to work !   i downloaded the latest driver from the linksys web site and it was not compatible with my new purchase..do not buy this thing from linksys.  look elsewhere  !!!!!.my advice to amazon - get rid of this item
works with macs, but i'd choose another.i bought this linksys adapter for an apple emac whose ethernet port had been zapped by a lightning strike. the salesperson where i purchased it told me that linksys offered macintosh drivers on their web site; this was incorrect. however, because the technology used in all usb-to-ethernet adapters is based on an industry standard, there are free third-party drivers available for download on the web that will allow your osx mac to use just about any of the usb-to-ethernet adapters on the market. i downloaded and installed a driver for osx 10.3.9 from www.sustworks.com/site/news_usb_ethernet.html, and the linksys usb200m works flawlessly on my emac...however, regarding the quality of this device...i wish i had read the other reviews on amazon before buying the linksys. i totally agree that it is very flimsy and poorly designed. when you open the little door on the side, the door itself creates a side to the jack where your ethernet cable will plug in. and the door is so flimsy (see the other reviews), that if it comes off, your cable will no longer stay attached. plus, when you plug a cable into it, you get an awkward, stiff connection at a 45 degree angle. fortunately, it does come with a short extension cable to make this connection more flexible for tight spaces. the removeable dust cap is pretty useless (does the usb plug really need to be protected?) the linksys usb200m works on my mac, but due to the poor design and construction, i can't give it more than 2 stars. there are plenty of other adapters on the market that can't fail in the ways the linksys usb200m will by nature of it's poorly engineered door/socket
don't be the fool that i was . . ..no matter whether you think this is the answer to your tivo or computer networking issues, don't be a fool . . . this is undoubtedly the worst engineered adapter i have ever put my hands on.  it is not a matter of if it will break in your hands, but when.  trust me, it will let you down.  i've owned it for a few months now and recently i picked it up and it broke!  it's more delicate than a fine piece of china.  good luck -- like me, you only have yourself to blame if you ignore the other reviews and decide to buy this piece of crappy plastic!!
that's why i hate apple.never seen a worse, less intuitive, inconvenient to use and worsely documented software that itunes. apples is up to it's usual standard. that's precisely why i prefer not to mess with it
bring on the memories.the comments about when the dorm stereos were the equivalent of today's computers and ruled the dorms really jogged some memories.  i actually spent most of my "dorm time" time in an apt but i had the crown (ic-150/d40), jbl studio monitors (century 100s) and, of course, the koss pro 4aas (believe that i bought them at the frankfurt/m main px when in germany).  as far as the weight, they really felt light when compared with my other set - which came with a "commo" helment and were attached to either a m-48a5 or m60a1 main battle tank!..speaking of the jbl 100s, anyone know where i can get the egg crate grills?  too much zepplin has long blown the originals away..
don't waste your time.we have had such good luck with our other uniden phones, but this phone is the exception.  don't waste your time...the static is unacceptable.
if you have sp2 - be wary.plugged in, new hw found, but a problem occurred (code=1) when installing - strike 1...tried to installed driver from cd for winxp (dated 2001!) - after installation - system unstable, now getting code=31 from adapter...tried to uninstall driver or roll back - both failed...called startech - they chose to not test with sp2 beta, and are only now testing...am returning as not compatible with sp2
motorola sx700r.i bought these 2 way radios to use around the farm.  unfortunately they were useless about 1/2 mile away.  i guess our terrain is too hilly.  maybe they will work in the woods, but not in the hills.  i got free shipping from amazon with this purchase, but when i returned them, they deducted the cost of the shipping from my refund, which i didn't have to pay in the first place.  read that in the fine print.  it will make me reconsider buying things to try out
they sound ok, but won't last long.i'm on my 2nd pair, and it just broke like the first pair.  they sound ok, and the battery life is ok, but you are paying for a fluff.  they do break (usually after any warranty).  i for one am not going to buy a 3rd pair, but maybe in about 2 months i'll get these back from repair
they pretty much suck..i bought these specifically for using on a 7-day cruise.  had i paid any more than $45, and if there was anything better out there, i'd be sending them back..the range sucks.  you can't communicate from carlos  charlies to the forum shops in cozumel.  you can't talk between the gym and the outdoor pool bar on rhapsody.  if it's quiet, you can talk between the casino and the theater or between the solarium and cabin 7574..the sound sucks.  with any background sound you can't hear the speaker.  with no background sound, you can't hear the speaker unless the talker is exactly 12.72 inches from his/her unit when speaking..the battery life sucks.  it won't last all day..the charger sucks.  even with the charge light lit, it sometimes doesn't charge..the red screen lighting sucks.  it's too dim to see unless the moon is not out..other than that - when it's very quiet and the other party is only around the corner they're not bad
why can't they be honest?.10 miles? i bought the 6510 at costco. i had my doubts but i figured if they advertised 10 miles surely it would do at least a couple. but only if you are on the water or other flat plain. why do you need one of these if you can see the person? they only work if you have a direct line of sight and that was only a mile or two at most. but get over a hill or within trees or houses and absolutely nothing! i lost my party! ..pros - i liked the design and it was easy to use. the noaa weather did work - if that's all you need. fits in a pocket...cons - does not work to keep track of your party. it takes 14 hours to recharge...the good reviews in here must work for motorola. mine are going back to the store
functional but sounds fuzzy.at first i really liked the features and successful company backing offered with these radios.  then i ordered them, tried them for an hour and ended up hating them.  the funtionality and ergonomics are great.  they feel fine in your hand and the quality of the buttons, screen and range are fine -- but!  i couldn't understand a word a person was saying into the other radio.  at any volume level it was fuzzy, muddy and completely distorted.  this was equally irritating on either radio.  there was no interference, no static, just inconceivable communication.  i also tried other gmrs radios from other manufacturers and found some to be identical, and one to be perfect.  among the others was another motorola brand that was much higher in price and featured higher quality, but sounded exactly the same.  so i think it's a design flaw in thier speakers.  fix that, and future models might turn out fine
great monitor....if it works!.my old company used viewsonic and i always loved them. when it came time to get a new monitor i saw my chance and chose the optiquest q9b...it arrived and i had problems immediately. the picture would not stay on it would flicker on and off. after 30 minutes or so it stabilized and would only flicker once in a while. after going through the motions with tech support (update drivers, good power source, correct hook-ups, etc.) they couldn't help me unless it was flickering at that moment. the next day it would stay off more than it would flicker on. called tech support and they confirmed it was a serious problem. it was packed up and sent back to amazon for a replacement. ..the next one arrived and i have had the same problems. what are the chances of two bad monitors in a row? very good if the serial numbers are close together. i called tech support and they admitted to a qc problem on a production run of monitors...i am giving this monitor two stars because i feel the picture and brightness are outstanding. the auto adjust was perfect, when there was a picture. if you get a working monitor than you will not be disappointed. other wise you take your chances.
it goes part of the way.i was hoping to have a solution that lets me just log in with a single fingerprint.  this was not the solution.  .the apc biopod as fingerprint reader hardware seemed to be solid, however the omnipass software that it was bundled with to manage login and authentication was just lacking.  in order to log in, it was still required to perform the windows ctrl-alt-del, and punch in the username.  there was no way to configure the whole login process to be driven by just my fingerprint..attempting to find out from apc tech support how to configure it left me frustrated at the lack of response.  i had to directly contact softex (makers of the omnipass software) several times to clarify the requirements, only to be told that logging in directly with just a fingerprint couldn't be done..if that's what you want, go get the silex fingerprint reader, or maybe the ibm fingerprint reader.  both of which will let you log right in without having to do the ctrl-alt-delete.
buy it now, or wait another three months.don't know if this thing works. .bought it, a couple of months ago, then was advised, by the "support services," to wait until the next quarter, before updating. seems the company - which sells the hardware, and the company - which has the software - are under separate contracts. only so much download time is alotted to the download servers, for each yearly quarter..so, unless one wishes to upgrade something-or-other (spell that "more $"), don't even bother buying the thing, until just before the end of any yearly quarter..even then, aggressive representatives will try to suck more money from you..this is another case of a product, which was released, before somebody did the appropriate rd on the aspects of the thing..to put it another way:  windows xp is the most popular program being hyped on the market. i have that system. haven't been able to get assistance, from either company, for more than just a few weeks. i'm told the original program was developed for windows 98 . one needs the upgrade, for windows xp. that is all. play your own odds..i challenge rebuttal - kept the emails..good luck to y'all, and god bless!
junk.don't buy this junk. i installed the hardware and the software with this device and could not get it to scan my finger print. i looked for help or support from both the hardware and software makers, but none was available. if cars worked like most computer technology, we would all be still walking
apc bipod.i've used this for about 3 months.  at first, it seemed to work fine except for secure sites which it did not recognize at all.  then suddenly after 2 weeks of use, it failed to recognize my print.  that corresponded to a software upgrade.  i had to reinstall the device.  again it worked fine except for secure sites but after a sofware upgrade, i was again locked out and had to install the software again.  just today (7 may 06) another software upgrade killed its recognition capabilities.  i'm tossing it out!  only can recommend it if you do not want software upgrades.  it is the omnipass software which is the problem
lost product.i can't rate it yet, i have not recieved it. the battery came, but the disc,s were not in the order. just looking for rest of the order. thanks for your help
jgudnabr.its ok but unit wont fit in it with anny attachments,  should be larger and cushione
useless.the pouch is useless. you need to diassemble the unit to use it. if it was not such a hassle i would have returned  immediately. by the way you did not ask me about the extended warrant that i purchased that took me 6 weeks to receive and i would not have received it if i did not follow up with an inquiry and with no help from amazon. i have purchased other  items from amazon because of the cost savings but the service leaves a lot to be desired paticularly how difficult you make it to talk to a real person on the phone. your service makes me question whether to business with you again. thank yo
save you money.this item was not functional.  the model 700 would not completely fit into the sleeve even if you removed the antenna.  an inexpensive camera case would be more appropriate for the job.  before i bought my gps i rented a car from dollar who had garmin products.  their case was perfect.  too bad magellan can't produce one
protective pouch case, a piece of junk.don't bother spending your money on this.  it is poorly designed and is very difficult to get the magellan roadmate to fit inside.  i returned mine after messing with it for a day
piece of junk!.you have to remove the cradle, and the antenna for this to fit well. you can leave the antenna on and jam it into the case, but what a poor design.  then you have to find someplace to carry the cradle, and then put it back on when you want to use the roadmate.  i bought it and wish i had not
sheesh!!!.while this pouch does everything it claimed it would, it amazes me that i got sucked into buying this thing. it cost $17 of hard earned money and i honestly think a crown royal bag would do a better job. at least the crown royal bag has a draw string that could be used as handles for carrying. you know what they say... a fool and his money are soon parted
great storage, lousy drive.i recently bought this drive because for the price, nothing else came close to storage capacity.  i was upset when i got home and realized i could not easily remove the preinstalled partition with all the junk software on it.  the device has what i call a "mini-os" that you have to wait to load up each time you plug it in.  it's neat at first but gets old quick when all you want to do is transfer some files.  and most importantly, the speed of file transfer is lowsy imo, it seemed more like i was connected via usb 1.1, not 2.0...if you only care about storage vs cost, then it's a no brainer, get this drive.  if you don't mind paying more for a better quality drive, then continue your search
very slow.this device is good except that it is very slow... the data transfer rate is really poor, 2 gb are transfered in about 30 minutes what is really bad
disappointed.i just ordered my third one of these.  the first two just quit working.  i called magellan tech support (clearly handled from asia, by the way) both times and after a lot of diagnostic work was told my cable was no good..another irritation: why use a serial port connection?  my laptop does not have a serial port so i have had to buy a cumbersome adapter (not cheap) that is itself finicky.  why not usb
tough call.i printed the same photo with the photo on an hp 6840 using 99 phot ink cartridge, then the standard black 96 and then 96 w/o hp enhancements. at first i thought the 96 was better than 99 because i got beter red saturation, until i realized that the red hue was stronger throughout the photo at the sacrifice of some green and whites that were not as brite. ..with out the hp enhancements, the 2 photos looked similar to my naked eye, but under magnification i could clearly see more eveness and saturation of color with the enhancements
poor reproduction of flesh tones with this cartridge.i was unhappy with the results with the 'six color' printing that occurs when you swap this cartridge for the no. 94 (black) cartridge. i put this in my machine (hp6210) and printed a test on hp paper. i printed a second picture when a put the no. 94 cartridge back (in effect making it a 'four color' device, which is what you would normally have in the printer). the same picture looked better when printed with the four colors. most notable were the flesh tones-much more lifelike. i would hold off on spending $24 for one of these, primarily because the result is not worth it, but also because the manner which hp designs the ink set-up. it's kind of a nuisance to have to swap out the black cartridge, because if you forget to put it back, you'll end up with a very high cost-per-page for regular printing of documents
cheap monitor, two thumbs down.i purchased this monitor because of budgetary concerns.  this item was the most inexpensive 17 inch monitor available to me at the time i made the purchase.  my overall experience with this monitor was very poor.  when the  screen wasn't contracting or glitching the overall picture quality was poor  to fair.  i've viewed numerous different monitor models since i'm a college  student and this particular monitor had as poor of picture quality as any  i've seen.  a week out of the box and i began to see slight contractions of  the screen from time to time, growing more frequent each day.  display  glitches and flashes also occurred.  i could tell this was a  quot;cheapquot; monitor as soon as i set it up.  i sent it back and now  will search for a better quality monitor.  i'd stay away from this brand,  that is, if you ever come across it again.  3g technologies?  searches  across the net come up empty with these guys.  two thumbs down
great at first, but has a short existence..i've gone through two of these altec lansing headsets. upon the first day of purchase and shortly thereafter, it's a great headset--but they die fast. ..it's not sound-cancelling, but it's a very comfortable headset. i am a computer gamer, so comfort is essential for me after long hours of play. it is very light-weight. i can wear this headset all day, unlike most of the bulky sound-cancelling headsets out there. the sound isn't too bad though, and the microphone works well. ..unfortunately, these headsets seem to have a short lifespan. the first died in about 3 months, and the second died within 1 month! in both, the microphone started to malfunction first: the input would randomly become distorted and require to be replugged in for a temporary fix. then, this headset suffers the fate that most headsets seem to suffer from: one of the two channels will completely die. this is usually a wire problem. the fix? going out and throwing away money for a new headset. i'd like to call this a conspiracy, because logitech headsets and other companies do the exact same thing...if you take extremely good care of headsets, this might be a good choice. it's a comfortable and has good sound--when it's working correctly
fast clean print with poor paper handling and noise.output is very quick.  printouts are very clean.  graphics look excellent.  noise from paper path is excessive--  i've actually returned (2) under warranty hoping that the sound of marbles it makes when moving paper through the path would go away.  the 3rd printer still makes the noise - so i can assume this is hereditary to the machine.  paper path definitely wrinkles paper- but eventually it settles down.  envelope feeder is very finicky as to what envelopes you use. i've noted creases on all envelopes except a brother specified office depot product. for the price, if you can stand the noise and short term wrinkling, it's worth it.  but...  consider the samsung alternative.  i purchased an ml 3051nd for my other location about 90 days ago.  same speed. similar outputs - but no paper handling crinkling issues (samsung gives you the option of a straight paper path by dropping the rear door -  brother has eliminated this capability) and no noise. plus, it has a display to tell you in english what's going on as opposed to trying to decipher brother's light codes.   it's about $70 more, but significantly better in quality and feel.  i'd recommend spending the extra money. everytime you throw out a crinkled envelope or try to flatten out a stack of printouts or hear the marbles in a tin can sound of the machine's operation you'll be reminded of the $70 you saved.  buy cheap, suffer long
crinkle first pages.i have had this printer for almost a year now.  the first page gets worse and worse crinkling.  i called brother who said that there is nothing they can do since the problem semes not to be common. they try to blame it on the paper i use but only the first page gets affected.  sequential print jobs still get the first page of each job crinkled.  the printer is still under warranty.
promising, but flawed.we were in need of a navigation unit to guide us through our july 4th road trip.  the route was houston, to corpus christi, to san antonio, austin, and back to houston.  the 2000 acura tl that we have has navigation but it's too small for a family trip.  so we took the van and the cobra nav one with us.  at first, it was love at first sight.  the unit is gorgeous!!  the bright touchscreen was big, bigger than any other competitors unit.  and bright, oh boy, even during midday in texas sun at the beach, being mounted on the dash, the unit was easily readable and legible.  best i have seen yet.  the map data it has was incredible.  even the tiniest nooks and cranes in the backroad is contained here.  even the slightest curves on the road is acknowleged.  the bazillions of interest points it has came in real handy when you're in a strange town looking for a particular restaurant...those are the good points..the downside comes, when you actually use the main feature of the unit, navigation and routing.  the software is one of the dumbest i have used.  it's routing capability is not nearly as flexible nor as dynamic as the navigation system that comes stock with the 2000 acura tl.  once the route is set, the nav one unit will stick to it.  if you change direction, it will keep nagging you to turn around, 70 miles turn around, to return to the original route, instead of making a new one.  the only way to fix that, is to go back to main menu, and choose the destination again.  only then it will reroute with the new direction.  the acura tl navigation does all that automatically.  much smarter than the nav one...  the routing itself is majorly flawed as well.  we did not get lost in corpus christi, as it is a small city with simple laid out.  that changed quickly as we got to san antonio.  the unit got us lost multiple of times.  at one point, it tried to get us to drive into a 1-way street, the opposite direction...  at another, we drove under a bridge and the nav one lost signal and shuts itself off instead of staying on to reconnect  o_0.  don't get me wrong, i love the cobra nav one.  it is gorgeous and flashy, target for thieves no doubt.  however, all the bells and whistles become meaningless if the navigation and routing do not work properly.  the unit is going to be returned.  until next time, cobra.....pros:.1) big bright screen, one of the best in the market.  easy to read in daylight..2) jam packed interest points.3) it's sexy and gets you the ladies.4) very very detailed mapping...cons:.1) routing and rerouting are broken.2) the software is not very smart..3) signal loss = automatic shut down.4) did i mention the routing and rerouting are broken
not bad but....i bought this but i have found several flaws.  first let me mention that the unit that made me decide i needed gps was an option in the 2006 honda odyssey that happens to be made by alpine...my first problem with it was the altimeter; although most won't use it, it was a feature that i liked.  unfortunately it was completely worthless, my parking space in front of my house ranged from 120ft one day to 0 feet 2 days later.  i know my house or parking space did not move so that fault is on the unit.  also when driving the unit would claim you climbed 200 feet when you drove less than 50 feet forward sometimes...my next problem was direction; it would take me on back roads rather than highways even though i said i prefer highways.  and as you drove the screen did not flow, instead it would reload taking a second or two to reload the map and the icons.  both the honda and my friends g35 flowed without this, and the graphics between the 3 the cobra clearly loses out.  the graphics are substandard.  also the unit only calls out numbers for roads, if the road is not a road with numbers (ie a highway) it just says turn left or right, which when driving in the city can be frustrating as you cannot be looking at it constantly.  finally the house number portion was off quite a bit (1/10 of a mile or so)...next was traffic, this was rarely right, not sure if any other gps units are right, but this would say there was an accident at one place and it would end up being off 1 or 2 miles (this was in the baltimore/washington area), i ended up using the radio traffic people more times than not...next was the points of interest function.  on the honda it showed signs for an exxon, or bp.  the cobra does not, it shows an icon for gas or food, and while trying to drive you have to touch the area on the screen you are looking at, than press the screen at the top to get a listing of what was there.  while driving in the city, and looking for a mcdonalds this is not an option...last was the suction cup mounting bracket, for a unit of this weight it is under engineered to hold it.  the first 5 minutes i drove with it, it fell.  agreeable it was right after i cleaned the windshield so it was not completely dry.  the next time was the last time i did not take it off before leaving my vehicle.  it was after a snow storm came through and the condensation that occurred between the windshield and the suction cup was enough to make it lose contact and fall again.  for a unit that costs 800+ bucks this is unacceptable, if it were to break it would be on me due to a poor design.  and i am not the only one who had problems like this, i have read of others with the same issue...needless to say i took it back, it's not a horrible unit but for the price there are better answers.
scammed.i bought a second traveldrive because the first one purchased worked just fine. the second drive does not work on my system (windows millenium). calling the service line i found out that there are two versions and the second is not compatible with the first. after trying all the recommended solutions, the tech support suggested i request a warranty replacement/trade for the original version or simply get my money back. requests for a resolution of the matter have fallen on deaf ears. i would not waste any more money on products from this company
not u3 - not as described.this drive is described as a u3, but it is not. amazon is misleading us with their listing.
dangerous product.after my experience with a memorex traveldrive, i am never going to buy a memorex product again.  i do not trust the company.  the u3 technology on the traveldrive apparently overwrote or modified some system files on my computer and a card reader stopped functioning.  after spending several hours trying to deal with it, i ended up hiring a professional to get things working again (and paid four times the cost of the traveldrive).  the traveldrive also apparently put some programs on my computer in a hidden way that reinstalls the u3 junk on the traveldrive if i remove it.  i got the traveldrive planning to use it to transfer files between computers but i would never expose another computer to this.  this should have a rating of minus 5.
disappointing, irritating and dangerous - plus pissy support.i've been working on and with pc's since 1978 as a professional technician and engineer.  i am qualified to state, w/o hesitancy that the u3 devices are more trouble than they are worth on amd systems.  yes, it worked ok on my dell latitude (a pentium m) but on my amd at home - it drags the system to it's knees...when i contacted tech support i was told that there must be something wrong with my system, my xp install must have old drivers, etc.  after reading the helpful note here, i realized it isn't me and that it is them...i asked for either a) software to wipe the drive or b) the image to reinstall the drive (as i started wiping it and couldn't find out how to wack that cd emulator).  they said no to both and warned me that i'd void the warranty if i did wipe it...well i made the mistake of throwing out the receipt and packaging as i was in a rush to get this for my son, and based on memorex's repuation - i trusted them.  wrong!..do not buy any u3 based product w/o being aware of the risk
how disappointing!.ok when i first got these speakers i would have given them at least 4 stars.  good sound for the money..but i didn't write a review.   now, 4 months later, i get no sound from the right speaker; the one with the control knobs. i checked out everything i could think of, but nothing out of the right speaker.  when i plug in headphones, i get both channels just fine which is why i still give them 2 stars.  i read the other reviews before choosing to buy these so i figure it's only fair to warn other buyers that they may have the same bad luck as me and get the ones that break down after the 30 days in which you can return them.   4 months for $25 is just not enough
beware of ipod hard drives.i have purchased the ipods since the first day they came out and i have to tell you that it is a love/hate purchase..i am on my 4th ipod with a hard drive and they have all crashed within 1 -2 yrs.  now that the nano has come out which is not a hard drive as the ipods they are more durable.  of course, with the nano you only get a max of 8gb but i am going to take that and live with it as i am so tired of having the large ipods crash.  i am not up for spending $300 plus every two yrs on this kind of device.  apple really lacks in customer service on this product.  fyi: i have been and still am an apple advocate as i love their products but the ipods with the large hard drives are a serious alert~!!!!  if you are new to this type of purchase and have a concern for where you put your money, then buy the 8 gb nano as there is not a hard drive issue there.  beware of hard drive ipods!!!!!!!!!!
moving on to bigger and better.i own both the ipod (5.5) and the zune - buy a zune. not only does it not scratch or get generally as dingy looking as an ipod - the screen is absurdly larger due to not having to put the brilliant "let's see how we can test our opposable thumbs wheel" navigation "aid" on the device. not to mention, the interface itself is much more attractive and the device itself has more capabilites than the ijunk. but that's me...and not wanting to have to go through another 3 day - yes - days - synch between my wma files and itunes sad attempt at conversion
it gets ugly fast.i don't like how easy it get scratch, and if u get the black one even worst, i went shopping for cases but they get scratch inside the cases too, just by been in the case, i return the case, then i when for those clear stickers and i recomend to put those on on a really clean table and very dry and clean hands may be use glove cause a little touch and there goes your finger print in the sticker, and with a black ipod you can't miss it. and if u don't take your time u will have a lot of air bubbles showing in your ipod, so after a week looks like something that i have for a year, it sucks.
dvd discs.these wont work on the dvd i bought them for.  i need to return them
not recommended for all day.sound quality is good, and it's fine for occasional use, but i need a headset that i can wear for hours at a time - this one is just too uncomfortable
uncomfortable, too quiet and switch does nothing..i may have received an m220c that was completely different than the one that other people received.  mine was very uncomfortable because the fit was very poor, difficult to put on and the part that should fit in the ear does not.  that part is a hard plastic and it is very uncomfortable.  the volume is way too low to be useable even in a quiet environment.  i think the main reason for the low volume is that the part that fits in the ear does not go in far enough and does not seal at all.  there is a volume switch that does nothing...i bought an over-the-ear style vtech at walmart that is very nice and the same price as the m220c.  it had just the right volume, and was very comfortable.  the part that fits in the ear goes in far enough to provide good volume and is surrounded by a soft rubber-like plastic that provides a good seal and makes it very comfortable.  it is also much easier to put on than the m220c.  i do not see this vtech model on amazon.  i can't imagine anybody who would not prefer the vtech i have to this plantronics
volume too low!.positive:  good looking, comfortable, voice quality is good (natural sounding, no noise).negative:  mic's volume is too low!  people on the otherside always complain my voice is to quiet! (i used it with uniden 485 cordless phone.)  volume of the speaker (headphone) is quite loud, i have no problem hearing other people's voice
very uncomfortable, poor volume.i recommend avoid.  this item is poorly designed -- it's very uncomfortable (the ear-hook is odd and stiff, there is no soft cushion against the ear), the volume is poor and can't be adjusted much, and the cord for some odd reason comes out on the inside of the mike boom.  (whose brilliant idea was that?)..i can't explain all the great reviews, which induced me to buy this, so i won't even try...consider the m175 if you want a really nice headset at a reasonable price
unusable: volume too low and pinches my ear.on the positive side, the headset is extremely lightweight, and i'm told by people that i've called that the sound quality is very good. unfortunately, i found the headset unusable for my needs for two reasons. first, the earloop pinches my ear and i can only wear the headset for about 30 minutes before it becomes unbearably painful. second, i could only use it in very quiet environments because the volume of the earpiece is too low. i would recommend this headset only if you have very small ears and plan to use it in the quietest surroundings
7/23rds coasters.7 out of 23 of these discs turned into coasters, at 8x speed with my powerbook g4.  (the other two discs had data corruption.)  that's unacceptable, and i'll never buy verbatim again
not such a great value.just replacing earpads on both an old pair of pro60's and mdr-v600's - i listened to both before ordering (although only $5 delivered for pro60 pads and $40 for sony pads - yikes!) and the mdr-v600's just don't sound half as good - kind of hollow - good highs (which is bad if the middle is missing), nothing in the middle, not much lows ("bass"). i appreciate good sound and am pretty picky - high end onkyo receiver, mission and wharfedale speakers, etc. and price isn't everything (some of the best sound i've ever heard is from an old jc penney receiver (made by technics) on some old realistic speakers!). but these are no bargain. i'm not spending $40 to replace these earpads! love the pro60's though!
pny flash drives suck.this was bought for me by an employer.  i was able to get one machine to recognize it, my micron office machine running xp pro.  however, this drive wasn't recognized on any other the computers i have used it on: a dedicated offline dell, my homebuilt xp pro machine, my second home pc running xp home, the networked microns at the labs at work, my wife's ibm laptop, my ibm thinkpad.  and without the company receipt, best buy wouldn't take it back, and the receipt is gone; and it only cost $25 so it's not worth pursuing.  it's still annoying, though...i don't know how pny stays in business selling garbage like this.  i've owned three other flash drives, including my current 1g lexar jumpdrive, and never had a problem.
works ok - but not for key chain.i wanted a flash memory drive that i could keep with me always - on my keychain.  although this product has a loop for attaching to things (like keychains) - the loop is very small and difficult to work with.  after having it on my keychain for two weeks, the small plastic loop broke and the flash drive fell off - i almost lost it
not worth it.i bought this a little while ago, and it was working ok. however, the casing felt somewhat flimsy. about after a month of use, it would not work on any of my computers unless i constantly reformatted the drive. a sandisk cruzer or sony micro vault would be a much better choice
some dvd players can't read the printable version of this brand..the printable version of verbatim can't be read by some dvd players. i have panasonic and jvc dvd players and they can't read them. however the xbox dvd player can without a problem. ..it's the first time i buy this brand. maybe i'll try the ones without the printable surface. ..i've always purchased ritek and never had a problem. i purchased a 50 spindle of ridata 16x and have not had a problem yet on 30 of them yet. i usually burn at no faster than 12x anyways.
bad batch.i am not sure who to be mad at 1st.amazon or verbatim? i don't know why i still use amazon, since i have bad experieces with them. from never receiving product ordered,or this time from bad packaging. however, in this instance,verbatim poor quality control of their product is the culprit. i lost many opportunity to record singular events (shows and movies that only will air once),because of defective discs. not one or two,but try 15 percent on a spindle of 100. i deam this error rate unacceptable. and no it was not my dvd player, since it was on several different players that i also used a disc lens cleaner and a disc cleaner on the discs themselves. i would as for a refund, but i not going to lose anymore money in sending them back. i am going to be leary to buy any future verbatim product,also,if i will ever use amazon again
stuck with wrong items.the 1000$ of electronics i bought where not what i wanted they do not support skype  i have no use for them and it makes me feel bad for wasteing so much money whats worse i cant justify buying the phones which i originaly wanted because of the extreme waist of money i no longer have the box in which thet came to send them back also one of the phones wont even charge i have been scared off buying anything off amazon in the future
it really barely works, but there's a different one that does work.this thing has a range of about a foot, with really poor quality sound.  it may be as good or better than other transmitters that are available, but it's still pretty lousy.  not really as good as standard fm, probably halfway between am and fm, and interrupted by the occasional static.  i modified it as described in the websites that describe how to do such things, but the sound is so crappy, that it's hardly worth the price.  the modified range is about 50 feet...i realize that it solves a problem of allowing an mp3 player to work in your car, and there aren't any good alternatives, but but this isn't going to make anyone really happy.  it's just a barely passable solution.  it does what it's supposed to, and if you modify it, it has much better range, but it's really not a great result.  ..update: i really wanted a product like this, so i bought the "whole house transmitter" right on amazon and it works.  near fm quality sound, decent range (about 40 feet).  it only broadcasts on one of 6 channels, but at least the quality is acceptable if you can find an open one, and it punches through weak stations so the channel doesn't really have to be completely clear.  it's 3x the price, but that seems to be what it takes to get decent quality sound
stay away from this product!.do not buy this product unless you can afford to spend $50 a week on batteries
tunecast ii mobile fm transmitter.i bought the tunecast ii mobile fm transmitter because i do not have a tape deck, and i was happy to know i didn't have to use a lighter too.  anyway, i wanted to listen to all my music in my car from my i-pod without making a cd for everything.  the device ruined the experience for me because i cannot get a good sound without static and bad reception.  i was disappointed
do not buy this.i stubbornly ordered this product to use with my treo 600 phone full well knowing that i was going to have to get the additional software driver from igolf to make it work with palm os 5.  i consider myself very technically savvy (everyone i know asks me to set up their gadgets) and i can not get this thing to work at all...i've tried tech support from both igolf and pretec, neither of which has responded to numerous e-mails and phone calls, i've been to the darkest corners of the internet trying to find anyone with similar problems/experiences - nothing...long story short, my pretec sd gps card is sitting in a sealed box next to me ready to be returned tomorrow when the mailman arrives..
dont buy delphi !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.dont buy delphi !!!!  my son and i have had 2 niether lasted for a full.year. he has a roady and went to get a new one - not at any stores. so if you bought the home unit and mobile your screwed unles you buy old unit on the internet. what a crock !!!!!!!!  they changed all the connections so you have to by all new stuff - the unit, the mobile and the home unit. what a screw job buy delphi. i wont ever by a product from them again. xm is great just, dont buy delphi !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
not reliable connection in auto.i only use in my auto.  i've had it for ten months and, since inception, it would intermittantly lose its connection. now it's always searching for the antennae.  spend a little more $$ and purchase or upgrade the receiver
lemon!.i thought the notion of a portable was wonderful. i'm very sorry i purchased this particular unit. it never after the first week worked off the cradle (bad battery? on a new unit?). the unit keypad stopped working completely after a couple of weeks. in order to use this "portable", i have to have it cradled and use the remote--otherwise, i cannot use it away from home. ..i'm frustrated enough to buy a new (different brand) unit, but first i'll make an attempt to get delphi to stand by their product and replace it. here's hoping the second one works right.
brother typewriter.while not the fault of america.online. the typewriter is a com plete dud..i have replaced it with an ibm typewriter.  i can get no satisfaction from brother
misstep.why should we pay $10 more for a set of headphones that (1) has a good chance of coming loose becoming high-pitched and bass-less when it does, (2) takes 10 times longer to put in your ears than the regular apple headphones, and (3) once in your ear, can become quite uncomfortable. the whole design is flawed. also i rather have a dial to reel in the headphones instead of that stupid square which you need to hand-reel the headphones around. what was apple thinking
not for me.i read the reviews - i tried the methods for getting them to stay deep in my ear canal - i tried all 3 different size adjusters, but they wouldn't stay in. actually, my right ear they would stay in nicely - my left ear they just wouldn't stay in. i did try different sizes in each ear, but they just would not stay in. they would slowly slip out and sound tinny and high-pitched, or when moving around at all, they would come out very quickly. when they did stay in (or, i held them in with my fingers) the sound was great - i think this is one of those cases where apple puts form before function, violating the age-old design rule of form follows function...i recommend the sony mdr-ex51lp in-ear headphones. the sound isn't quite as good - you do get great bass, but not quite as deep or balanced as the apple's. but, they stuck in my ears without a problem from the beginning.
stay away from these earbuds!!!!!.i can't believe i paid $40 for these damn earbuds. worst purchase i have ever made. since the beginning the earbuds easily fall off your ear and diminish the sound quality when it does. you really have to push them inside your ear and the comfort is unbearable. the original headphones are much better and take it from me i know because i have tried alot of headphones out there and these by far have got to be the worst. i was really dissapointed when one of the earbuds suddenly died without any explanation. what makes me really mad is that i really don't use them that often. agghhh!!! if you are into sound quality try out the bose quiet comfort headsets. the sound is amazing and no other headphones come close to it. the name speaks for itself when it comes to comfort. i'll leave you with a last note...if you want to save some money, don't buy these headphones!!
the worst product ever.i am writing this while on hold with linksys customer support for the 10th hour.  first of all, the product is impossible to install without help from technical support even with my linksys wrt54g router (i am reasonably computer literate).  when i finally installed it the first time, the power supply broke.  i had to pay to send it back, even thought it was obviously not my fault.  when i tried to install the replacement camera, the representative informed me that i needed to update my firmware on my wireless router.  when i did this, my wireless router broke.  so now i had to pay to send the router back.  when i again tried to connect the replacement camera, i spent 3+ hours on the phone.  it worked with the wire, but never wirelessly.  finally they were willing to authorize a return, but still will not simply give me my money back.  why would i want to waste another 4 hours trying to install a defective product? this is not yet a viable product.  it is shoddily constructed (will definintely have more power supply problems) and the customer service is woefully inadequate.  ..buy belkin. or be prepared to spend hours with tech support and going to the post office to return this product
a disaster!!!.i confirm what others wrote about customer support: in my case they needed three months to extend the complimentary "sololink" account which expired earlier than promised..moreover, the quality of the picture is low and, most importantly, i was not able to configure it for internet access. i will probably sell it soon and never buy linksys products again.
horrible support, tricky set-up.linksys products do not seem to work with other linksys products...i am a reasonably intelligent college graduate who has some experience with computers.  i own a brand new wrt54g linksys router.  i also own a linksys wre54g range extender and a wvc54g linksys webcam, both less than one year old...i have spent several days and many, many frustrating hours on the phone with linksys customer support.  in short, nothing works.  the products are incompatible.  here are details:..first, the range expander:  after an hour on the phone with linksys customer service, i was told the range expander is compatible only up to version 4 of the router.  i had purchased a brand new version 5, meaning i needed to downgrade the router in order to use the range expander.  customer service told me to return the new router, gave me a barcode number for the old version 4 router, told me to search local stores by reading barcodes on each box i could find, and good luck...i might, just might, get lucky..(note:  i have version 1 of the range extender, which does not have an ethernet jack.  version 2 apparently does, located right below the antenna on the front panel.  good luck trying to figure this out on your own...the box claims compatability with the router)...second, the webcam.  here is the letter i just sent to linksys:..to whom it may concern,..i want to formally complain about my customer service/technical support experience with linksys. ..i bought a wrt54g linksys router and a wvc54g linksys internet video camera with sololink ddns service.  the sololink domain name fails to show the webcam image.  instead, it brings up my router's web utility...yesterday, i spent close to three hours on the phone with various technical support and customer service people.  the last step:  a 2pm follow-up support call was scheduled for today, in which i was promised the problem would be addressed.  no one has called me...i just called linksys support again.  after another 30 minutes on hold, i was given another promise that someone will call me "at some indeterminate point in the future."..this "service" is unacceptable. ..this has been the single worst customer service/technical support experience i have ever had.  i have wasted many hours, most of it on hold listening to the same annoying song.  i have been accidentally disconnected twice, once yesterday and once today, forcing me to call back and wait on hold until another support person became available.  worst of all, the appointment for 2pm today was not kept, and i had to reschedule business appointments to accomodate linksys...i have been very polite with all of the support people.  i understand that this is not their fault.  this is linksys's fault for building a support service that is unequipped to handle seemingly simple problems like mine. ..i will be sharing my experiences with linksys support with my friends and with online customer review sites like amazon.com.  unless my problem is resolved quickly, i will return these products and get my money back.  perhaps netgear, d-link, or belkin will offer better service and support...buyer beware!!
bad connection in a treo 650.when you use in a treo 650, the keyword doesn't work immediately with it. the function key are difficult to use and my native lenguage is spanish, worst to use
beware treo 650 users!.i really dislike this keyboard. whoever designed this product did not take the functionality of the design into consideration. the keyboard layout is tight, and near the middle of the spacebar is a hinge which juts out that i keep hitting instead of the spacebar. it is extremely frustrating to work with, especially since the spacebar is one of the most often used keys. the question mark key is also located in a really odd place to the right of the shift key instead of left where it is normally located. the ir leaves much to be desired. as others have posted, sometimes it takes a few tries before the treo responds. i have tried adjusting the sensitivity, but it doesn't seem to help much. i used to have the palm t2 and before that, a handspring visor, both of which i purchased keyboards for. because they plugged into the unit, they worked very well and performed like a laptop with the full-sized keys working flawlessly and without needing batteries! i was really hesitant to purchase this wireless keyboard due to its lack of a physical connector but since there is no other keyboard model that can connect directly into the treo 650, i was cornered into buying this one since i need it for heavy input on the go
disfunctional mouse, keyboard fine.the wireless keyboard works fine, and shortcut keys for volume, calculator, etc are handy..effective range from mouse to wireless puck is about 5 inches!  mouse goes through batteries incredibly fast.  went through countless alkaline aa's since i bought it a year ago (keyboard doesn't do this; still on original batteries). in contrast, previous logitech wireless had great battery life and i never even thought about the range to the puck.  this time i didn't buy a logitech because couldn't find an ergonomic keyboard layout, but ms's mouse is so annoying that i'd never buy this again
do not buy this product!.this is absolutely the worst keyboard i have ever used.  the wireless connection drops in and out.  you'll be typing along and all of a sudden, the computer is not recognizing what you are typing.  do not buy this.  you will be very disappointed.  same thing goes for the microsoft wireless mouse.  garbage
it has bad reliability so i need reboot it every few days..i had sx200 for two months. this router stops working frequently and i have to spend about 15 to 30 minutes to reboot it every few days. this is big issue if you are using internet for real time tasks such as stock trading.  but its coverage is good and setup is easy. .finally, i bought dlink-634m to replace it last night.
good for exploring, but information is inaccurate.i purchased this item because i am new to mountain biking and i go a lot of places that i'm not familiar with.  this unit is great for mapping out trails.  it's also nice because it's pretty much impossible to get lost.  me and my father went for a ride and our legs were dead so all we wanted to do was get back to the car so we just pointed our bikes to the starting point and 15 minutes later we're at our car.  however, as an everyday cycling computer this unit is simply terrible.  the speed is erratic (if you're going 12 miles an hour it'll say 10.5, 14, 11.5 and so on).  the elevation is even worse.  when standing still in my backyard it would range from 105 feet to 210 feet.  on a five hour ride (that was hilly but not terribly hilly) it said that my elevation gain was 30,000 feet (or the equivalent of climbing mount everest).  the overall distance is inaccurate.  on a ride i have mapped out and i know is 20 miles the distance shows i travel 17.5 miles one day and 22 miles the next.  what i do is i have a cateye wireless computer mounted on my bike for my local rides and when i go somewhere i'm not familiar with i bring the garmin.
don't waste your money!!!!!.i did a lot of researh on the different webcams on the market,  everything kept pointing to this product,  how the picture quality  sound are excellent.  i read reviews of other webcams, and the ultra vision sounded like it was the cure for the problems with all the other products.  so i went to bestbuy, plunked down $150.00  came home very excited.  i installed the software (no problem there, install went smooth), then i connected the webcam,  adjusted the settings (piece of cake).  i then did a test for still pictures,  then a test of the video function  was amazed at the picture quality  the video sound  picture quality.  i played with various settings for a while  fell in love with this gadget..  then i tried to go on-line with it..  there folks was where the problem lies.. after you have installed the software, you are disabled from connecting to the internet. (what!!!.. that defeats the whole purpose right?? ... yes it does).  i spent all day today trying to find a solution, thinking that i had done something wrong.  i cleaned out my computer  restored everything, got my on-line connection back... then carefully  meticulously tried to by-pass the problem by again making sure to turn off my pop-up blocker, i updated logitech drivers,  a few other things.  i then reinstalled the ultra visions software,  connected the webcam again.. pow!!! same problem.. no internet connection.  you get a message in bold font that reads "the page cannot be displayed" ("cannot find server") as if your modem is not connected.. i tried calling up bestbuy  speaking with their "geek support"  everything they suggested i had already tried.. they wanted to make an appointment to send out their geek team (which would have cost me the same amount as the webcam).  i said "no".  then i went about the tedious task of re-restoring the guts but into my computer, i went on-line to logitech website,  found that i wasn't out of my mind, this problem is a common occurance with this product. their website states "the cause of this issue is because the winsock file of windows is crashing or corrupt"  there are a host of fix-it solutions, but they are insane (for one of the solutions you need to have an additional computer to to go on-line  save files to transfer to the computer with the corrupted internet connection. i only have 1 computer in my home).  i went back to my search engine  typed in "logitech inc.  can't connect to internet"   a whole slew of others with the same problem came up... i'm bringing this gadget back to bestbuy..  getting my money back.  i wish one of the other reviewers would have listed this little flaw.. i would have loved for this thing to work, as the picture quality  sound are excellent (before you try to go on-line with it). but if you have my experience ( those of the others i read about on-line) you will feel it really does defeat the purpose of getting a webcam.  how can you enjoy a webcam, when it knocks out your internet connection  your ability to go on-line  use your messenger???
monster cable: it's sexy! it's the same color as your ipod! it's overpriced!.apple isn't the one profiting from their ipod. it's companies like monster cable and other 3rd party manufacturers and peddlers--unfortunately, all they do is repackage things we could already pick up for tens of dollars less at radio shack. sony has an rca-to-1/8" converter for less than four bucks right here on amazon. buy that instead
junk.piece of junk. didnt see any improvement in play time. will not run your 5g ipod if it is completely discharged. amazon really needs a no star rating
oh well.....i purchased the tunejuice with the hope that it would give my fifth generation ipod a few extra hours for me to watch video. suffice to say, it doesn't work. the tunejuice gave me fifteen minutes or so of extra battery time. i should've known it was too cheap to be any good. my advice: get one of the more expensive battery packs--they probably work better
technically works.having received this item as a gift, i decided to do a few tests with it and my ipod video 30gb.  first i ran a movie, medium sound volume, on my ipod alone with it fully charged. it lasted 137 minutes (2 hours, 17 min.). then i *fully* recharged the ipod and plugged it into the tunejuice with a brand new 9v. on the same set of movies, it lasted 202 minutes (3 hours, 22 minutes). so you'd get about an hour of extra power. not bad for the price...however, there are some things to consider. this is a one shot deal: when the ipod battery runs out, you will not be able to use the tunejuice to recharge it. the 9v is not powerful enough to run the ipod by itself, and so the ipod will be draining both the tunejuice and its own battery simultaneously. the ipod battery will drain faster than the 9v and run out before it...the next day, we tested the 9v we used and it was still good. so you will be able to use the same 9v more than once...so bottom line: in order to get the full use of the tunejuice, you have to plug it in when the ipod battery is fully charged. once the ipod's battery runs out, which it will, the tunejuice is useless no matter how many 9v batteries you have with you or how charged they are. you will have to recharge your ipod battery...it's good, then, if you only need your ipod video to last that extra hour and no longer
bad bad cable.this is a case of getting just what you pay for. i bought this cable to hook up a brand new printer. not only did the cable not work, but it blew out my usb pci card. this $4.55 cable wound up costing me a fortune
disappointing.the h10 is a nice looking device that doesn't work.  i have a constant reoccurring problem where the device will hang when you select a song or playlist.  the hourglass (initializing) will remain until the unit runs down the battery.  the only solution is to reinstall the firmware which also deletes all your files.  you have to use windows media player to transfer and sync files.  wmp is clumsy to use.  it is not user friendly at all.  anyway, after the firmware reinstall it will work for a while and then just start hanging again.  i used to be a faithful iriver customer, but not any more.
the disappearing mp3 player.i have a 5gb but a lot of the h10's are having the same problem.  i can play all of the songs that i owned myself but everything through the subscription service has run out and can't be reinstalled. i've done a little research about the disappearing mp3 player and it appears to be a problem that is affecting a lot of the h10's and 1 other model i can't remember right now and iriver can't figure it out; although i've been told they are trying desperately to find the bug....so buy with caution....
not worth the headache.i've had this mp3 player since it came out and, if anyone is still considering getting it, i must advise otherwise.  the mp3 player itself looks and feels great, and the navigational features are very easy to use.  the problem is that the player itself is extremely unreliable.  i have used 3 versions of this player (expecting each time that the player was simply faulty), and all of them glitch up terribly.  i constantly have to take my battery out to reset the player as it will freeze during normal play.  it also freezes half of the time that i try to sync with wmp.  in addition, sometimes it simply refuses to take deleted songs off of my h10's list of tracks (even though they no longer exist on the player)...finally, iriver has terrible customer service and they do not even back their own products!  as a owner of two irivers (h10 and the 120), i have seen for a while how they function: they will offer updates for their faulty firmware for about a month, and then they leave that product to produce a new one.  it seems like they have a new mp3 player being introduced every few months.  their customer service is extremely hard to get a hold of, and if you do, they will simply say you need to send it to the factory (occasionally you will get a rep that will actually send you a brand new one for free, though)...be smart, stick to a creative, the new toshiba gigabeat s, or (clench your fists) an ipod
nice when it worked, but poorly made and unreliable.nice gadget for the 1 year and 11 days that i had it, until it suddenly broke completely, for no apparent reason, and i had to buy a new player.  the warranty is 1 year!  $229 for a disposable mp3 player is a lot of dough...initial use was painful due to flaky firmware that iriver eventually improved, they just released it too soon.  that got better but the user experience with iriver plus yahoo music engine was awful, largely due to yahoo music engine being brand new.  better now but this is still a collaboration between three vendors (iriver, yahoo, and microsoft) that is not always smooth...bottom line is that i'm deeply unhappy with having this device fail on me 11 days out of warranty.  i have replaced it with a creative zen player and will never buy anything from iriver again
this product stinks.i dislike ipods so i figure i try something else and hope for the best..unfortunately i was wrong.itunes and ipods are definitely much better...basically this device is a cheap piece of crap and it seems like sandisk's approach is wysiwyg..disappointing..pros:.- long battery life.- email tech support is quick and good but website support sucks bad..cons:.- it's easy to setup but instruction manual is useless.- buttons are rigid and miniature and difficult to press with a skin on.- wheel is very stiff and offers very little functionality.- software is buggy and terrible.- freezes occasionally.- navigating through menus stutters and lags.- boot time is 10 seconds.- video mode has no options.- needs serious firmware updates.- time is listed only in settings menu = useless.- tons of issues with playlists getting erased or not working properly.- every firmware update erases all your settings, including radio presets.and the list of issues goes on and on.....anyone who has reviewed this product positively obviously didnt do a thorough job because these issues exist and its definitely irritating.i am extremely disappointed and will never buy a sandisk player ever again..my suggestion is to try it out thorougly before buying..so you dont make the same mistake i did and trust other people's lopsided reviews..
they should stick to just memory.the software on this mp3 player is as buggy as they come.  i've never been able to get the sansa media converter to recognize my sansa e250. consequently, i've never been able to add pictures or videos to my player.  this is despite 7 sets of correspondences with their help desk.  their most helpful suggestion was for me to try to sync to a different windows xp machine.  yeah, i'm going to buy a new pc because they can't figure out how to test their software before releasing it to the public...it's consistently had problems syncing to a playlist.  most of the music that i've tried to sinc has gotten to my player, but not necessarily in the playlist that i set up.  instead, in order to hear the songs on the device, i'd have to navigate to each indivual artist's folder and play those (1 - 4, on average) songs, and then go to some other folder when i was quickly sick of hearing the first small batch of songs...now my player won't even boot up.  i've only had the thing for 2 months and i can't even get it to go past the splash screen.  what a total piece of garbage.  ..i hate to say it, but i think i'm going to have to bite the bullet and go back to apple and buy another ipod.  what was i thinking?  buying a music player from a memory manufacturer!  just stupid
run away!.stay far away from the hp photosmart all-in-ones.  i bought two different models, tried to set them up, scanners wouldn't work, software took 45+ minutes to install, they give you four programs to do the same thing and was on the phone with tech support for hours with no solution.  "reboot and re-install" is all they can do for you.  got one printing and it literally shot the paper right out onto the floor, no printed paper tray included!  ..stress free solution:  go with a plain high resolution photo printer and buy a separate scanner.  i returned both printers after being a long time hp fan, bought a canond pixma ip4200 $99.00 (best quality resolution and print heads out there for the price) plus a canon scanner for $43.00.  installed both in 15 minutes and was up and running.  scaned in several old pictures and put scanner away since you'll never use it!  no card slots, no little useless screen, just great printing!  canon has dual paper trays, a printed paper tray and better than photo quality prints.  take that photo lab!
your money is better spent elsewhere.like most have pointed out, it's a digital signal and there's no need for all the gas-injected, gold plated, shielded stuff monster cables hype.  for analog signals this stuff absolutely makes a difference because analog cables are highly affected by outside em interference...some people have pointed out that monster cables are more durable.  so yes, if you plan on swinging around on your cables it might matter.  if, like most people, you plug the stuff in behind your equipment then leave it be for months and months, don't waste your money
be an educated consumer!  you don't have to spend a lot for *digital* cables.you don't have to spend a fortune on expensive cables when you are dealing with digital signals.  keep in mind that all digital interfaces have error correction built into them. did you know the internal components of consumer electronics are connected with tin and nickel?  there's no gold inside!  so there's no need for oxygen-free, gold tipped, multi sheilded, super mega supreme cables.   if you don't believe me, buy this cable and a no-name cheapie.  compare them for yourself -- you will see no difference...with analog signals, a good quality cable may make a difference (although the difference is usually only visible on an oscilloscope).
dont waste your money.a $10 cable does the same thing.  do not believe the hype.  monster is overpriced and people are starting to realize it.  its digital, 1s and 0s.  either it reads it or it doesnt.
great product, terrible cost..have you ever heard the saying that something would cost you "an arm and a leg"? these cables cost that, your first son, and bidding rights to your estate. don't get me wrong- monster makes great cables. let there be no confusion on this point. but they're just incredibly expensive, and this is made much worse with these cables...several people have pointed out that the digital signal on hdmi cables must adhere to error-correction and certain standards (even a $10 cable cable must meet some specifications to even reach production)- and this is largely true. unless bluray implements new features that require new cables at some point in the future, there's really very little difference between hdmi cables. yes, the gold-plated pins and other features will improve your connection a bit, but the improvement will be far less than you'd see between any other "cheap" versus "designer" cables on the market...but monster cables really are made to a standard that makes some difference, and that's worth mentioning. this cable is built sturdy, so that none but the most harsh of treatment could ever damage it. and the shielding isn't just the usual electrical shielding- monster cables are toughened to the point that i wouldn't doubt if they're certified against nuclear fallout. if you have the money to blow and you want the confidence of knowing that your entertainment center could fare well in an emp strike, you're looking at the right cables...but for nearly all consumers, these cables cost 4x as much as alternatives, with no real plusses. at the very least, you can pick up a mid-grade cable (sony, etc) at a mid-grade price ($40) to get the increased sturdiness and the gold-plated connections. and over these products, the monster cables basically have nothing at all except their branding. please do look up a cheaper alternative this time, and spend some of the extra money on an extra set of whatever tools you use to keep your screen clean. you'll get much better results with these tools than you will worrying about $100 hdmi cables
dumb dumb dumb.what do they say about fools and money?..hdmi uses tmds which is a digital transmission system with built-in error correction. tmds has been designed to work over cheap cabling and a $10 hdmi cable will meet the specification. if you spend 9 times more on this cable than another one then you have just wasted $80. that's all there is to it. ..you don't need expensive shielding or gold plated connectors for a cable. the picture or the sound are not richer or more vibrant with a $90 cable over a $10. in fact the signal is identical. let me repeat - hdmi ( dvi-d) devices talk digitally with error correction. this cable and ones like it are for suckers only.
way too expensive.this is nothing more than a vga cable with different plugs. it is a rip off. gold plated connectors or not. use your compenent connections for near same quality image for one tenth the cost
breaks to easy.the headphones sound incredible and block out noise very well, however, they have the wrap around the ear feature which makes it very easy for them to break (the wire gets pulled out of the hard rubber).  i had mine for four months and one side broke and sony won't repair them.  that's not what i expected out of a $30 pair of headsets.  if your going to, buy the ones that aren't wrap around because they last a lot longer
a disappointment.i purchased two of these phones based upon the previous customer reviews. i was looking for a phone with at least above average sound quality. other customer reviews gave me the impression that this phone would satisfy these requirements.  my previous phone sounded signifiantly better and it was about 1/2 the price.  most people would find the sound quality alright, but if you are looking for above average sound quality you will not find it in this phone.  i'm quite disappointed.  the rest of the phone's features are fine - no complaints except for the primary reason why i purchased this phone.
lousy.i got these as a sad gift - ..the overall sound quality is quite bad (when nc - noise cancellaton-is turned off). not much low frequency and minimal high frequency content. so purely as headphones - they fall at the bottom of the heap...with nc turned on, there is some amplification of the sound - so it sounds louder. the nc effect itself - well - its kind of works, but not much. probably about 20 percent of the noise is taken care of. don't even try comparing the performance of the bose to these (i did so - using a co-passengers bose qc3 - and it was a revelation - one works beautifully and this one barely does so).  i plan to get a pair of panasonic rphc300 now (since i don't have $300 to burn)..i am curious how the nc effect is implemented for the left and right earpieces. there is no wire that connects the right side (with the battery and nc electronics) with the left earpiece. go figure this one out :). i have some ideas - but that would mean this is not a stereo headset. too lazy to experiment further with this piece of junk...the good thing is they fold quite well
harmony has discontinued the program guide.it's true - harmony discontinued the program guide feature.  their reasoning - it was too expensive for them.  there are a lot of universal remotes out there, but the tv listings were what sold me on the harmony.  zapping through the listings on my remote was way easier than using my cable box's on-screen guide, and for my tv's where i use cablecard i don't even have an on-screen guide...aside from that, there are serious quality control problems.  my first remote was doa.  for the replacement, the battery cover broke off (a common problem according to internet forums).  now a key on the keypad has fallen off, and harmony made me pay for a new keypad since the one year warranty has expired...i understand that harmony was once a great company, but it seems to have gone downhill since it became part of logitech
no more tv listings?.this is actually a pretty good remote and the setup for configuration is usable.  however, it appears logitech has stopped providing downloadable tv listings to the remote.  this makes the remote much too expensive and defeats a big benefit.  it also call into question logitech's commitment to newer remotes
hmmm, i thought this would have been it.....pros: the setup was pretty easy.cons: the setup did not work!..i have had this device for about 3 weeks. i told my wife, that based on the reviews i read, that this would make her life easier. unfortunately, i have had nothing but trouble with it. after using it for about a week, the volume of both my tv and receiver started going up. regardless on what selection i made with the remote, boih would go up at the same time. not just a little bit, but all the way. .i have tried to redo the setup, but that did not make a difference..it is now basically useless. one other thing i had major trouble with is that i cannot close the battery door after the batteries are installed...i have a pretty good understanding of remotes, but this one beats me. i guess i'll will be using my sony multi-remote for a bit longer, as this one will go back where it came from
you don't need it, a window attach comes with unit..i read a review before i purchased my garmin gps and the review said not to buy the auto suction kit because one comes with m5.  well they were right!!  i 2nd guessed that the after purchase might be an upgraded mount...not.  the supplied mount is all i used and it held fine in nevada's hot sun.  so don't waste money or time on shipping back and forth...use the one that comes with the unit
can't figure out how it will hold the ipaq..may be i got a defective one. .there is nothing inside to hold the ipaq. its just a 3 fold cover. ipaq comes with a much better case when you buy it new
pesima calidad.recibi el estuche apenas hace 15 dias y esta descocido por los costados de la tapa. para ser un producto de hp, deja mucho que desear...estoy iniciando el proceso para su devolucion.
not for most ipaqs.this case will not work with most ipaq pdas because it is designed for ipaqs with a side hinging cover.  the case actually attaches to the hinge of the cover, thereby replacing whatever cover was on the pda.  unfortunately, my hx2755 has a cover that hinges from the top, so this case won't really work for it.  its a tight squeeze with the cover attached for my pda to fit, but it does have some room for a few credit cards and maybe some sd cards
wi-fi card review.i do not recomend this card. i bought one and it is very flaky. works one time and next time does not. keep getting error that it is not compatible with my e2.  looks up my palm and i have to soft boot to get back working. when it is woring the range is horrible. i would say there must be a better solution in the near future...gary chamberlain.fennimore, w
bad signal.i am dissapointed with this product. it loss very easy the signal and i could't get the wep authentication with my linksys router
don't buy this product..this is probably going to be the last logitech product i'll ever buy.  i needed a cordless bluetooth mouse for my laptop and saw how cheap this one was.  it turned out to be just that, another piece of logitech junk.  the recurring problem this mouse gives me is massive lag on the cursor.  i can move the mouse around on my mousepad and it will take two seconds for the cursor to move.  it gets really annoying.  the last logitech mouse i bought was the mx1000 and the cursor on that one moves wherever it wants.  i'll go to click on something and the cursor will disappear and click on something i didn't want to click... last logitech product i buy, they won't dupe me for a third time
goes sour fast.i bought one of these a long time ago and liked it at first, even though it was pretty flakey, sometimes getting stuck and going on a runaway train ride of repeat characters. then, suddenly, it started to feel like stale popcorn. i tried to clean it, nothing worked. then i got a new powermac quad and ordered it w/this kb. wow, i thought, they really fixed this thing, it's a joy. no flakey behavior, feels great. but alas, literally two months later it was back to sponge city. ..avoid this one
this hard drive sucks!!!!.i was looking foreward to getting this product, though a few of my friends told me not to buy it.  now i wish i had listened to them, because after backing up all my files, and many new files that i don't have any where else, the damn thing just stopped working.  the light turns on, but there is no sound and none of my computers can recognize it.  i have lost all my files!!!
high failure rate.three have now failed - two of mine - and another that i recommended to a neighbor. i only started buying these within the last two years - so my conclusion is to never buy this product line again and to look more carefully for reviews abut reliability.
crashes.i've gone through 2 of the 80 gb hard drives within a span of a month. the first harddrive wouldn't mount properly and the second one started out fine but then completely crashed. it's not very reliable or robust at all. if you don't ever need to travel and don't need to move the harddrive it's fine. but it just crashes too often and it's not recoverable
good if you don't need to travel....the pocketec hd does as advertised and works well-- if you don't need to travel.  i've had my hard drive for about 6 months and it has completely stopped working.  when it was work, i had good transfer speeds (usb 2.0) and it was usb powered, which is why i had gotten rid of my old portable hard drive.  this one might have been okay if i kept it in a case that provided more cushion than what comes with the unit, but i'll never know now.  so if you just need a stationary portable hd (maybe to transfer between different systems in your home or office), then this is probably perfect.  if, like me, you are on the road at least 1-2 weeks a month, you'll want a more robust hard drive that won't crash on you
inconsistent connection.bottom line, did not live up to expectations and price.  kept getting disconnected and did not get good signal when compared to other linksys wireless devices i have (pcmcia card and wireless usb network adapter).  i am a big fan of linksys, but i would pass on this device
poor.first off, i am a fairly seasoned network administrator. i recently began using wireless at my home, with a d-link extreme-g access point and one of the machines using a d-link 802.11g card. all was fine. i decided to add 802 support to an additional pc but wanted something more flexible (as i move around) so i choose this linksys a+g card. . . ..*after* the product arrives, i noticed on the box it says draft 802.11g support, however amazon.com advertised it as regular 802.11g support...after a blue-screen hangup (in winxp sp1), a download of some new drivers from linksys, and about 3 hours of trying every possible setting there is, the linksys product did not work...my access point has the latest firmware, and at least one other client here at home (using a d-link card) can connect just fine. i figure this card does not work because it (now that i realize) only supports the draft 802.11g standard, however my access point also supports 802.11b which this card is supposed to support as well?..bottom line, this product was no good
vcr broke after two weeks!.my husband bought this as a 4th birthday present for our son. the vcr quit after two weeks. my husband had lost the receipt (@!%%$%!!) and sylvania said because we didn't have one that they could only pay for needed parts..  i took it to their "authorized repair" facility, where i got charged $25.00 upfront and then another $29.00, for what was called a "head cleaning!" how could a brand new tv/vcr need head cleaning after only 5 or 6 uses? sylvania had said that they would authorize a one-time refund of my money, but i haven't seen it yet..  here's the best part---two weeks after i brought it home, the video went out on the vcr again!!! i was so disgusted that i haven't even bothered to complain to sylvania or the repair shop. oh, the young man there had told me that i must have been playing dirty tapes in order to have it go bad that soon. i went through his tapes before he got it back, but i must have really missed something (sarcasm)..  it has cost us more trying to fix the piece of junk than it did to buy it in the first place! what a lemon
poor electrical connection after 6 months.this little guy was working fine until it just wouldn't come on one day.  turns out the electrical cord is loose and has to be jingled to turn on.  since it only had a 90 day full warranty on it, and i have only owned it since april... it is not worth getting fixed due to labor cost.  this defect may be isolated...just wanted everyone to be aware of this problem with mine
nice in theory; does not work.i bought this device in order to be able to use sd cards for my phone in my canon camera.  it does not work.  i have tried it with the sd card with which it was sent as well as three others.  none work.  ..moreover, none of the four sd cards including the one with which it came was not recognized by my xp (operating system) computer...it would have been a nice idea but it just does not work, at least in my camera or on my computer
i wished i had my old system back.......my phone freezes, as if your computer screen would freeze.  you can't do anything until you unplug the power cord, and remove the 9v battery.  once you replace the battery, and plug the power back in, you are fine, for around 48 hours.  why can't i find i a phone
this phone is terrible.if you want to spend all day trying to figure out the manual, you have come to the right system. i'm still having a hard time looking for a 4 line phone that's easy to install and easy to use. the panasonic that we had died on us 9 months into it. and that one was fine.
problems.the phone answering system has problems hanging up.  so when people do not leave a message, you get a lot of messages from the phone company stating that "please hang up and try to call again" followed by a fast busy signal.  this takes a couple of minutes.  it's not possible to receive incoming calls to the answering machine or call out from another phone on the same line while this is going on.  ..i tried to resolve this problem with "customer service" but i gave up after a while. i just don't have time to be on hold all day.  ..now the volume on the speaker phone goes to mute at random times.  it's very annoying.  i have had this phone for less than a year.  i made the mistake of buying att because i thought it was a good brand.
garbage.we have been trying to get this system to work in our office for a couple of months. tech support has been worthless. if you want to go out of business fast because no one can call you, get this system
not for two line home office.there must be thousands of home businesses that need a two line corded phone with an answering machine, but this is not that phone and i haven't found any other either.  i suggest reading the reviews of att 964 all of which apply in my experience.  the answering machine will only allow one outgoing announcement for all four lines.  in other words, a call coming in on any of the four lines will get the same message when it reaches the answering machine.  worse if one is using one line, the answering machine will not pick up a call coming in on another line.  this wouldn't be so bad except when one is using one line the ring on the other lines is so muted that it is easy to miss the ring.  as others have noted sound quality can be either good or poor for unknown reasons.  i gave the phone two stars because the phone has a nice feel and look and the ring tones are pleasant as are the pre-recorded messages and such. the dialing out tones are aversive and automatic dialing is really slow
worked great for 6 months.for the first 6 months, this mouse worked great. it eats batteries though. in the beginning, the batteries lasted just over 2 months. now they only last about a month...for the first 6 months, i could use on any surface without any problems. over time, the mouse movement started to get jerkey. after about 6 months, the jerkiness renders the mouse pretty much useless...if you like to swap batteries and only keep mice around for about 5 months, then this is the mouse for you
cheap wireless speaker.i had a very bad experience with this product.  the signal would fade in and out even if i was relatively close to the source signal.  when the signal faded out an annoying static sound would take its place.  my parents have indoor/outdoor wireless speakers that work great.  this product has a nice price, but does not perform
i am no longer a tivo fan, and it really is a shame.for the past four years i have been the biggest tivo advocate in the world, telling everyone how great it was.  i had purchased a "lifetime" subscription in 2002 and really enjoyed the useability of this product.  luckily my series one tivo still works fine, because my service plan apparently dies when the box no longer works, no matter if i buy a new box.  i think the decision by tivo to no longer offer a "lifetime" type of service plan, and instead to always require a monthly fee is the worst thing this company could ever have done.  i am not going to pay any new monthly fees.  especially considering what you are paying for is essential just the tv guide which you can get so many places for free.  i am pretty deeply into putting together a macintosh/elgato solution, with a great user interface, easily replacable/upgradeable parts, and no monthly fees.  bye bye tivo.  i wouldn't even invest in the company any more.  very bad move
lasted a month or so....it worked ok for a month or so, then began skipping like crazy from a to b sides and grinding to the point that it's louder than your ipod. it's extremely frustrating...if you listen at super high volumes this might work ok, but i'll be buying a different brand next time
awful, do not buy..skips from side a to side b in my infiniti bose stereo.  cheap construction.  monster adapter was bad, but this is even worse.  returning mine immediately
warning!  do not buy this product!.this 'budget' cd book is exaxctly that - budget - it will break unrepairably before it is completely full. that is, the zipper is plastic and is not strong enough to hold together the booklet when filled over 80% to capacity or so.  it is an absolute waste of money and time, since you will have to just transfer your cd's to a higher quality - and, unfortunately, higher priced - cd book (such as a case logic) after this one falls apart...please take this review seriously.  there's a reason this is less expensive than the competition - it is of absolutely, frustratingly inferior quality
worst headphones ever!!!.i got these headphones because of the reviewsm saying how great they were. well, who ever thinks these headphones are great must out of their minds (no offense). these headphones have horrible sound quality, can hardly hear anything, they always fall out of my ears, even after i found the right earpiece. the slightest tug on the cord and they fall out. also the behind the head cord thing is really a bugger. in my opinion these headphones are the worst [...] headphones i have ever purchased
aweful headphones!.these headphones are so expensive and they are aweful! i dont remember if it was the left or the right but one side of the cord is longer than the other; its very annoying! i tried to loosen it and the wire was showing, what a piece of s***. its very annoying because the ear bud fell out when i listened to music and it doesnt feel comfortable. also the rubber on the ear bud falls off very easily. they are too expensive for a piece of junk! the only reason i rate it two stars is because the sound is great on the headphones. instead purchase the sony srf-hm01v s2 sports walkman street style headphone radio. i purchased those after these fell apart and they are much better :)
horrible, tinny sound.being a bit picky, i don't normally get something like this without being able to try it first, but i decided for the price, and based on the generally positive reviews here, i'd give them a try.  i didn't expect to have any problems with them other than fit...well, they fit just fine and were fairly comfortable for in-canal phones, but the sound quality was *atrocious*.  so bad, that i thought something had happened with my eq settings.  the highs are so incredibly tinny, and there was a complete lack of lows.  (and yes, i did have them all the way in my ear.)  i even tried them with a variety of devices, desperate to like them, but they just sounded far too bad (and significantly worse than my standard ipod headphones, i played the same song with each, and they weren't even close)...they're attractive looking and fit well, but ultimately i want my music to sound good!  or in this case bearable, these sounded so bad i didn't even want to listen to my favorite artists.  i'm going to try the senns next, the shures are too pricey for me
logitech cordless track man.it's great. fits my hand perfectly and moving the track ball with my thumb is very easy. i would recommend this to anyone who is tired of moving their mouse all over the plac
grainy images and paper jam nightmare.if you're looking for grainy images and more paper jams than proper feeds, then this is the printer for you. for every correct paper feed you have, you'll get 2 paper jams. this is especially helpful when you're printing in a hurry or when you're wanting to impress other family members with your new printer. without fail, you'll have paper jam after paper jam after paper jam. hope you have lots of hair coz you'll be pulling it all out when you try to print with this color printer
didn't deliver.i replaced the 97 cent splitter that i bought at the store. i expected better or at the very least the same level of performance. i use this between my computer and tv. my bandwidth dropped from ~2mbs to ~400kbs. i thought i had hooked it up wrong, so i checked it. no dice, i gave it a 2 instead of 1 because it looks nice and my tv picture is the same or a little better. wish i had my $ back
it technical analyst.i regret i purchased this product. it never work in my hp ipaq hx2110. i had try everthing, download newer driver from ambicom websiet and tried troublshoot tips from website. nothing work!..i also purchased a linksys wcf54g from amazon and it works in the same hp ipaq hx2110 without any problem. ..can i return amicom wireless cf card and exchange for something else
worked initially, terrible support experience.i ordered the ambicom wl1100c-cf compactflash 11mbps wifi adapter after dropping a similar netgear device in the trash.  the ambicom device worked immediately and well...for 3 months.  then it stopped working.  that's when the real trouble began.....after verifying my purchase with ambicom and confirming that the device was under warranty, i was directed by ambicom technical support to mail the card to ambicom referencing an rma number.  i should have sent it with some kind of delivery confirmation (i sent it usps priority mail) because ambicom said they never received it.  they refused to send me a new card, assuming i'm so dishonest that i was trying to scam them out of a second card!..here was their final response, verbatim: "we're sorry to apologize for this caused.  we could not track whether the card is arrived or not."  need i say more?..they offered me a 35% discount on a new card.  let's review: their card malfunctioned, they can't determine if they received it or not, and then they want me to pay them 65% of the cost of a new card...no thanks, there are other cf wifi card manufacturers out there who would welcome my business...act accordingly
possibly the worst product i have ever bought.i agree with the other feedback. i don't know what the other reviewer was on but this product has got to be the worst product i have ever bought. when the earthquake occurred this product ran off on me..cons: .1. terrible radio reception. .2. takes a long time to crank for any good use. i ended up putting regular batteries in it..3. cheap material means low durability (mine wouldn't play the radio because the switch wore out..4. the light was weak..5. couldn't even get tv reception..pros:.1. none.conclusion:.don't buy this radio. i returned mine and chalked it up to lesson learned. next time i will take a closer look and test the product before buying when it comes to electronics.
don't waste your money on this piece of junk.don't waste your money on this piece of junk. i bought one and found it to be the worst investment i have ever made. the radio's light wouldn't work.  the rechargeable battery in the unit only works for a very short time after cranking. when i took a closer look at the material i found that it was made of a cheap plastic and the seams showed cheap manufacture. this radio's reception is not even as good as that of radios i've found that only cost five dollars. this radio looks like one of those that magazine companies give away with their subscription. this is a perfect example of cheap parts=maximum profits for the manufacturer of this product
p.o.s..okay, i just bought one of these. then i proceeded to go on a 6 mile walking tour all over san francisco taking shots all along.the way with my new digital rebel...everything seemed fine....until i got home and tried to view them on my computer....cf card error...then i put the same card back in the camera....err cf...it's unbelievable the effort i put into getting those.shots and they're all lost.....i'd give it zero stars if that were an option
disaster!!!!.i've owned my sandisk 256 mb for only 5 months when it went dead on me. after spending our honeymoon in club paradise, palawan, philippines, and taking so many totally great pictures, it just stopped working. it was working when i was taking pictures in palawan, but when we were going to take our last picture on the plane, the digital camera just said cf error. damn! i tried reading it on my card reader when i got home and it wouldn't work. even tried it on 4 different digicams and all reported error. man, it's not the card i'm really pissed about, it's the pictures!!!! maaaaan!!! i couldn't even have it replaced, circuit city says i need the receipt for them to replace it
poor service.ordered the sandisk 256 mb card for my nikon coolpix 5000. card worked fine for 6 mos and then stopped working right after christmas. i called for a warranty replacement (it's guarenteed for 5 yrs or so they say per written warranty)and then the runaround began. they close for the christmas holidays for 10 days. no one is available to issue an rma for a replacement? finally  after numerous calls i got an rma# and sent the faulty card back per their instructions. now i can't find out anything about the replacement card as they just don't seem to be able to get back to me with the status of the replacement card. over a month and no replacement card. stuck using the camera included card of 32 mb capacity. i would not reccommend this company to anyone. customer support is terrible. their promises to contact me about warranty issues is very poor. caveat emptor. i will now go to viking. sandisk just doesn't seem to care
not as compatible as they say it is..i have wasted 2 trips to costco to buy and return a 128mb compact flash card from sandisk because none are compatible with my casio be-300. the package clearly states it is compatible with all cameras, mp3 players, handheld comp..etc. but the web site has the actual compatibility list - go there first
does not integrate well with skype, messes your pc audio controls.though cheap, this phone does not integrate well with skype, some of the buttons on the phone like the 'in', 'out', and 'del' do not have any or the wrong effect on skype software. also the drivers messed up my laptop's audio quickset controls, which did not happen with my cyberphone w which i got from the skype websit
no unlock code was provided.extreme hassle getting it to unlock without the code, it was not provided with the product. i have nearly $1000 invested in gps and maps, too much money to cram in garmin's ....trash. i'm stuck with it...i'll never buy garmin again
fleecing loyal apple buyers.the first thing i did when opening this item was check to make sure it actually was an apple product.  its really cheap looking.  looks like something you'd find for [...] at a flea market or in the "stocking stuffers" section of the dollar store at christmas time. the nano is small so almost anything will hold it, including a rubber band and an envelope which is about as good as this unit...this looks more like the freebie armband that should come free with the unit. certainly not a [...] accessory. it just cheapens the apple image...if oem apple products are your thing, then go ahead and try this. but if you're looking for something as sweet as your nano that stays put while you workout, look for something else.  i'm returning mine this weekend to spend my money elsewhere.
don't buy this if you work out.nice little holder for the nano, but if you use it while you work out or sweat, forget this one. mine smells like a high school locker room after a couple of months of use while running. i have tried gently hand washing it to get the odor out, and the clear screen cover came loose when it got wet, plus the material still stinks. this is a waste of money and apple should be ashamed selling this.
horrible, horrible, horrible.i adore my nano, but this armband is one of the worst products i have ever bought.  i work out quite a bit with the nano and the band comes off multiple times during my workout.  the spacing of the velcro dots means i never get exactly the right fit and the band gets ripped off anytime i do weight lifting close to my body.    it is also as other reviewers mentioned hugely overpriced for what it is.  i am ordering a band from a different company and this will go straight to the garbage.
total incompetence.the day after the order was placed i received an e-mail advising i would receive the material between june 16 and june 20. not having received anything, on june 22, i called and was told the material would be sent to me. it never was. finally, i had to cancel the order. clearly, these people do not have a clue what they are doing. too bad you don't have 0 stars or even minus stars
another fraudulant at-65 antenna substitution.i too just (nov. '06) got the fradulant substitution of an at-65 antenna made in taiwan for the 980637 magellan antenna supposed to be made in mexico.  the package was the correct package from magellan but the antenna inside the package was the fake.  called magellan and they said essentially that's what you get for ordering from amazon.  called amazon and at first they offered to send me another one.  when i asked how they would ensure they didn't send me another fake since other people have complained of the same thing, he said that i should just send it back and they will refund my money.  this has been going on for months!!!   bad amazon for not fixing this
too expensive.i paid 15.00 on e-bay for a antenna which does the same thing. save your money. my antenna is just as good and accurate as this
not a desk space saver...and it's a hassle.i bought this item because i wanted my laptop to be off the desk so that my laptop had plenty of air flow which the docking station seemed to do a good job with. i also thought it would save some space on my desk, but it didn't. it seemed to just create more clutter to me and since i was using a desktop keyboard to type on it just seemed to push back my laptop further away from me, which i didn't like. i have a 17" widescreen dell inspirion 9300, and though it did stick out the sides a bit, it wasn't a real bother. getting the laptop in and out of the thing, was a bit slow..since i was trying to be careful i didn't damage the laptop keys or anything. and though this may be a great tool for others, in the end... i packed the docking station back into its box and just placed my laptop back on the desk. i actually like it better that way now.
great price but they do not work.i purchased these hoping the extra watts (5) would be great for talking far distances.  first of all,  the volume does not go up high enough to even here the other person.  you have to put your mouth right up to the walkie talkie in order for the other person to here you and then its muffled. my old motorola t6400 walkie talkies are so much better even with only 1 watt.  they were crystal clear and the volume went up plenty loud.  you had to lower the volume in fact.  they reached further than these too.  so when i purchased these,  i was hoping to top the motorolas but not even close.  my kids little cobra 5 mile range walkie talkies that were only 29 bucks for the pair with the rechargeable batteries work much better than these.  they just dont have privacy codes or the wheather on them. so i recommend not to buy.  instead,  buy a pair of motorolas.  my model number they do not have anymore but any thing is better than these.  iam  surprised at midland
terrible.i am a wedding director and purchased these radios to communicate with my partner during weddings.  the reception was poor and the volume was low.  we couldn't communicate two doors down from each other.  we ended up using our cell phones all day long.  what a waist!!
stinks!.this thing barely worked a mile from our home.  and don't buy it unless you have the fcc license.  these didn't work on the channels that don't require the license, and barely worked using the channels that do require the license.  you might as well just use a cell phone.   they shouldn't say it works up to 18 miles if it barely works for one mile.  they are not at all worth the money.
middle of the road or on a clear day..these gmrs radios have very limited range on land.  if on water and in a low radio noise area they actually may get 18 miles but everywhere else maybe only two miles on hilly land and 0 feet if behind a hill.  it's not the gmrs radio but the frequency in the vhf band.  there are repeaters which will extend the range.  the noaa radio section works very well but i have not used the alert portion.  over all it was what i expected.  don't count on the advertisment of "18 miles."  also, you need an fcc license to use this radio.  $85, and it cannot be used for business purposes, although i see this all the time.  this could cause you to have a fine of $10,000 and 5 years in the pokey if you disrupt communications
many alternatives available at the market.i bought this product (cost 40) for company use (that's why it's cost 40) base on coworker's recommendation from another office. the quality is disappointed after i installed  tested it. it's not shielded so the interference is quite a serious problem, but i won't get blame afterall since this is not my decision..don't be fool by the 4.1 speakers, compare to my another set of 2.1 speakers (cost 20) it's not impressing at all..there are many good speakers out there, do your researching and will happy with what you got.
please, spare yourself the trouble.well first the description is very overstated. i went out looking for some surround sound speakers to replace my ones i have now (which arent bad), and found something that looked good on paper (the box), but dont sound nearly as good. i didnt set it up in the room, i noticed the wires are very short, i like to atest the speakers just out of the box rather than set it up and be dissapointed, i put on one song (rap), and it sounded at first like a pleaser, but when i turned the volume up, the bass distorted. the flat panel (and somewhat heavy) speakers aren't really that bad, but the sub isn't that good. it distorts very easily and i dont reccomend this to music- people. the bass isn't bad at low volume though, but you really can't push this system far without it interfering with you (attempting) to enjoy your music
too bad.i got it today and want to return it..i really don't understand why there are so many mixed reviews which will fool other consumers.this speaker is reaaly disapointting,especially with bass.the bass will come out as very unclear noises,even with light bass songs,the quality is also too bad,i cannot bear it.i have just received it for one day,and i have decided i will definetely return them
don't get your hopes up!.the cable is not that good, i have experienced some digital dropouts not as good as my other brand hdmi cable
not for new ipod with video.i purchased this case for my ipod video.  it doesn't stay closed very well and the hole for the headpone jack is on the top left of the ipod but it is in the top center of the case so you have to skew it off to the side just to have the headphones in.  it works ok but it looks like crap because it isn't really designed for this particular ipod.   maybe it would work better for older models, i don't know
forgive  my typos-i'm using it now!!.if i could give this a zero star rating, i would. i've always like logitech's mouse products, but this keyboard is terrible!the media keys have a cheap look to them, but more importantly, the regular keys are all scrunched together. just typing this, i look like i'm playing the world's smallest piano. the home/delete/end keys are not in their standard configuration, and the delete key is now 'conveniently' the same size as 'enter' and 1/8" apart. .  rather than make the entire keyboard larger to accomodate the media keys, they simply reduced spacing on the standard keys-so you have all the inconvenience of a mini laptop keyboard without the portability..  the media keys can be programmed, but other keyboards have these features without forgetting the main function of a keyboard-to be able to type!
low audio.the picture is good but at the highest volume level the audio is very low
don't buy this one.i bought this dvd player (had to use a gift certificate) in may 2006 and used it for one week-end in june.  i took it out in november to use it and there was no display.  of course, the warranty has expired
good only for the short run.i received this as a gift, so have no idea where it's from.when it worked, for about the first nine months, it did a good job.  unfortunately either the battery or charger failed about then.  coby support very slowly said:.return the unit to the retailer for an exchange...if the retailer will not exchange the unit, then the product can be replaced by coby electronics..our units have a 90-day warranty. any product that is out of the 90-day warranty is subject to an out of warranty cost to have the product replaced. any product being returned without a receipt is subject to an out of warranty cost. the cost would be ( see # 3) ..to obtain warranty services:.1)     return the product to the below address:.coby electronics corp..      attn: customer service.      56-65 rust street       maspeth, ny 11378 usa.2)     include a copy of the receipt.3)     provide a $65.00 money order for the return shipping of the replacement unit.4)     provide a detailed note stating what is wrong with the unit...so, for half again its price, i would get a unit less than a year old replaced.  definitely not worth it.  i'll buy another, but a different brand for sure.
very dispointed! wish i had returned rather than changed.i bought this dvd on aug. 14. when it arrived, i found that i cannot plug the power line into the ac adapter. i called amazon. the reps were very nice. but i made a mistake! i should have returned it rather than replaced it!.the replacement came promptly. i took it on a trip for the first time use. within a week, the power switch falled off. i was going to call amazon again. but feel not worth it and thought i would just use the remote. ..all in a sudden, on nov. 11, whatever dvd i put in, it keeps saying wrong disc!!! all these are legal dvds!!!..now, i no longer can return this to amazon! i don't know what i am going to do with it!..don but this dvd player!!
don't get this one!.if you are buying a portable dvd player, don't get this one.  it stopped working within 1 month of getting it.  the motor for the spinner stopped working, and it would not even recognize that i put a dvd in.  also, even before that, it wouldn't play many of my dvd's.  it behaved as if they were all scratched up, even brand new ones.  all of my dvds play just fine on any other dvd player.  plus, i had a brand new dvd that i tried to play on it (first time watching it), and it scratched up part of it so bad, that i can't watch the last 15 minutes on any dvd player...don't buy this dvd player, the polaroid like it is much better.  i had one for over two years before the battery stopped working well and i tried to replace it with this one.  i now have another polaroid one that i have no problems with...i only gave this player 1 star, because i couldn't give it zero stars
use and discard - disposable product!.initial impression was good product. now i wish there were an option to give 0 stars. it died just after before end of 90 days of warranty after normal usage (lasted for around 10 movie views). shows "no disk" error. customer service says that after 90 days it is all your problem and recommend to buy a new one! sorry no more coby products. buy a product with 1 year warranty from a better brand
don't buy this product.when a company does not even have the resources to sell you a product you know something is seriously wrong. an example: i tried to phone purchase a software update for my garmin 2610. after being put on hold for over an hour i gave up. then i tried several e-mails but only got form letter answers. note, i was not trying to get a repair but was actually trying to make a purchase. if this is how they treat would be paying customers then you can only guess how they will treat you if, for instance, you want a repair. this is a company that one should steer clear of. as for the product itself, many units have severe defects; most notably they fail to find satellite reception. when it does work it is ok, but one simply can't count on it to work and contacting the company is just about impossible.
unit works great, but customer service has no clue..i have sp2610 for a while, it wroks great for what i want. it even gives more information than my wife's lexus factory gps system. but one thing bad about is their customer service, i have their mapping software city navigator north america version 6.0 and update version 7.0. although v 7.0 is a upgrade from 6.0 and give more poi from 5 million to 6 million they claimed. but when you actual do a poi search, v 6.0 will give you more locations. for instance i search verizon wireless, chart house in so cal, v 6.0 even has older information but it showed you more locations. locations still in business doesn't show up on v 7.0. i checked on both my sp 2610 unit and map source software they provided to run on pc, same thing. anyway to make a long story short, i emailed garmin to see if i did somthing wrong when i upgrade from v 6.0 to v 7.0. i got a few emails from their technical people and claimed they purchased their mapping software from outside vendor, they didn't know why v 7.0 showed less poi and garmin can't change it. sounds like pointing finger to their mapping supplier, instead of trying to find out why new mapping software issue. they are even selling $75 for mapping software upgrade. .i don't recommend to buying any software upgrade from garmin. cross your finger your unit works, don't count on their technical support which is a joke
waste of money..i don't understand the positive reviews for this product.  it didn't even work as well as the built-in microphone that came with my olympus pocket digital recorder
skip this phone!.i was mainly looking for a corded phone with caller id that i could have near my computer in my office (since apparently my cordless signal was messing up my dsl). unfortunately, the caller id was apparently the least of my problems. with this phone, i could not use my computer at the same time anyway since the cord did not reach from the telephone table immediately next to my desk (about 1.5 feet from my chair)! not only that, but the caller id required batteries, which i had to replace about every month. you'll be angry at the time you waste trying to rig this one for actual everyday use. skip it! spend a little more money and spare yourself the irritation
trashcan.this phone has a short and non-replaceble handset cord. it has a short and non-replaceable line cord. it lasted less than a day..line cord was damaged after purchase. it went into the trash
broken right out of the box.thsi item did not work at all. i bought it for a trip to italy, lugged it all the way over there and it did not work - the pushout plugs would not stay engaged.  i borrowed an adapter from the front desk and it worked fine.  you probably do not need a transformer product like this as most devices you will want to use are already dual voltage (computer, phone, rechargable camera batteries, etc.)  just buy a plug adaptor and you will be fine
this sucks!.it sucks. its stupid and poorly made and overcharges your ipod!!! get another on
good resolution, poor scroll wheel.this mouse has good resolution and works well on a variety of surfaces..what i don't like is the scroll wheel.  there is no "racheting" action (no little "notches" as you rotate the wheel).  combine this with excessive force required to click the scroll button, and it's very difficult to achieve a scroll click without also scrolling at the same time.  i also think the little side button is too small, but that's a minor annoyance
a disappointing product.i bought this mouse to replace a previous ms optical mouse. i must say that this model is not as good. as others have stated, the middle click on the mouse wheel requires far too much force. i do not see why the middle click would require more force than the left or right click. that design decision does not make any sense...the 4th button is useless to me as i am lefthanded. i knew the location of this button before i purchased the mouse but ms should really remove the wording from the package that says it is comfortable for either left or right hands...the left click does not provide a consistent feeling either. it feels as though something is misaligned...i will continue to look for a replacement mouse
ouch!.i have several complaint about this mouse.....1. the center wheel is hard to very hard to click....so it makes opening links in a new tab,(firefox) very annoying.....2. it's i little stiff to scroll sideways with the wheel.(witch is why i bought it)it makes my finger shake.....3. the center wheel doesn't spin freely,.there's some resistances, witch feels awkward.....4. the wheel on my old mouse clicked,.it provided a tactile feedback, witch i liked.....5. the left and the right buttons are way to sensitive,.you cant rest your fingers on them at all,.(if you do, you've clicked on a link).so you end up holding your fingers up in the air,.witch i find painful after a while.....good points..1. i like the way the lftrit buttons don't appear separate from the rest of the mouse..2. i like the little magnifying button on the side.3. i did like the new driver,(i didn't think i would).(you do have to install the driver if you want to scroll lftrit).and being able to remap the buttons
mistake.i cancelled this item.  i hope i wasn't charged.  i do not get the bll, so i have no way of knowing.  can you check
be aware.i received the speakers only couple days after purchased online, that was awesome delivery service.. however, the speakers don't work the way i expected them to, first of all the sound quality is not good at all, and there's no way to adjust to make it sound better, secondly, my lap top have problem recognizing the speakers, sometime there's no sound at all, every time that happened i had to re-boot my laptop, i have window xp home version.. i wouldn't recommend the product
skipping=annoying.this is a nice head unit for the money but the one problem it has that is absoutley bearable is that it does not have an anti-skip device and is soooooo sensitive even the smallest bumps make a cd skip.  the unit is built well and looks great but it's just too much to hear a song skip ever 3 seconds....
nice sound but.........the quality is somewhat questionable. after owning these fine sounding speakers for a little over a year, they quit working. you would think that for this much money, that they would last a little bit longer. and, of course, they are only guaranteed for one year. so buyer beware
annoying.bought to use with hp dv2000 notebook. immediately experienced irratic control, then drop-out of bluetooth about every 2 hours of use. after 2 months decided it wasn't worth the hassle - bought a usb mouse which works great.
stopped working after a month.this bluetooth mouse was pretty expensive for something that stopped working after a month of normal operation
piece of junk. doesn't connect..i have a brand new hp laptop and thought i'd use it's bluetooth capability to interface to a  mouse. this mouse only connects half the time, and then often disconnects after only a little use. when it was working, i found it hard to adjust the speed to feel comfortable. it's going right in the trash.
big failure.i have owned 4 mp3 players including the sandisk 4gb which i give 5 stars.  unfortunately, i cannot give the e280 the same rating.  i could not get the e280 to work on my computer. the 4gb is compatible with my sony, but the 8gb was not recognized.  i tried everything.  i downloaded drivers for my pc, i downloaded drivers for the  e280 mp3.  i was on the phone with sandisk for an hour (and they were ok).  sandisk told me there was something wrong with my computer (even though i could run the 4gb beautifully).  they said i didn't have 2.0 usb ports (but i do).  i called sony just to make sure i did have the 2.0 usb ports.  they walked me through hell and high water.  the only thing left for us to do was to wipe out my computer and reformat it just to see if the mp3 player would be recognized.  i wasn't willing to do all of this because i would have to back up all of my data on my entire computer and then reformat it.  another few hours of work after i already spent 5 hours speaking with both sony and sandisk.  the mp3 player is just not worth it to me.  good price, but never was recognized by my computer.  it did charge up however, and the menu was working.  but, i never downloaded any music to it because i couldn't get connected.  now i know why it was such a good price.  i am so sorry it didn't worked because i really love the 4gb one.  i guess i have to go with another player.  boo ho
very poor software.this product works only with microsoft media player which is a very poor software, nothing for the real music fan..i have tested the sansa e280 in my office when it came and it worked despite all the problems with windows media player. but then i wanted to connect to my computer at home and it was blocked absolutely. i tried everything (uninstall and install again), but without success. today i went to a computer expert of our lab, but after some trials he gave up. so the sansa e280 seems to be rather useless because of its close connections to microsoft
not mac compatible.i knew the sync software wouldn't work on a mac, but i had expected to be able to drag-n-drop my music and video onto it in data mode.  but this won't show up at all, not even as a drive or storage device...probably works great, but if you have a mac, it doesn't work at all so i had to return it
don't waste your money, horrible reliability.i've had mine for about 2 months now and paid about $50 for it at best buy.  the sound quality is okay, not poor but not great either.  my main complaint is that it has a mind of it's own in the sense that it decides when it wants to work.  most of the time i have to play around with it for a few minutes before it decides to turn on.  occasionally it will go hours or days before it decides to work.  the itrip is extremely unreliable due to this problem.  example:  my wife and i left for a 3 hour road trip.  we get in the car, back out of the driveway and the itrip won't turn on.  my wife played around with it for about 30 minutes and gave up.  finally, when we're about 10 minutes away from our destination, she decides to give it one last try (since i was ready to toss it out the window at 70 mph) and it turns on on the first try.  very irratating!  that was 3 weeks ago.  this week, it didn't work for 3 straight days and then out of the blue it just decided to work this morning.  bottom line, when you pay $50 for this product, you shouldn't have to `hope' that it turns on after you've only had it for a couple of months.  (oh, this same issue is a topic on griffin's support site so obviously it happens quite often.  i did all their suggestions and none of them worked.  again, it just turns on when it wants to.)
works, but could be better.this is a well designed product but the transmitter is pretty weak.  it would be nice if it would go down to the lowest station available, 87.5, where there usually isn't a station.  it goes down to 88.1.  atlanta is not a good place to have this if you don't like static.  it does the job and it's really great to be able to play music from my ipod to the car radio easily, but it could have been made to sound better.
ok, but it could be better... a lot better!.i bought the black itrip with dock connector to match my black 5g ipod.  it fits and looks great--very elegent and the small size means it's not hard to stow when putting the ipod away.  i wish i could say function follows form, but i can't.  the main reason one gets this thing is to listen to one's ipod on one's car (or other) fm radio.  hello!  the poor thing does not live up to expectations.  not only does the transmitter have an extremely limited range--like a couple of feet, but it has an audible background "hum" (or is that a "buzz"?) anway, it's got background noise on top of frequent static and loss of signal.  the folks at griffin technology have some great design people, but for the prices they charge, you'd think they would build a better product.  like my mother used to say, "if you're going to do something, do it well."  (guess they never met my mother!
be careful.be careful when buying this calculator..you have to open the whole casing to change the battery..i personally do not understand why this calculator is chosen for the cfa exam. unscrewing and prying open the calculator can be challenging. .as my cfa exam is coming, i practiced changing my battery when two weeks ago the calculator when short circuit and was no longer able to calculate i/y for npv calculations..can you imagine what happened if this is already in cfa test situation?!? bummer.i may have to bring two ti ba ii for the test just in case..if you aren't planning to take the cfa test, i'd strongly recommend getting another financial calculator.
not appropriate for a touch typist.the keyboard is inexpensive and probably fine unless you are a touch typist. then it has a few quite annoying quirks, such as backspace key is too small, and the set of insert/delete/home/end/pageup/pagedown has an extra row of keys on a top. somehow it gets quite annoying when you type fast and type a lot. so, after using this keyboard for about a week, i'll be returning it back. i'll be getting dell usb keyboard instead.
linksys wireless-g range expander wre54g.this device does not work nearly as well as advertized.  it took a long time to set up and program properly with the base unit, it frequently drops the signal, and we have to reboot it.   it beats not having a signal repeating component, but it certainly has flaws.  the set-up can, if it does not go flawlessly, bring tears to your eyes
apple has lost my respect.i am happy to see competing mp3 players make inroads.  i think people are going to get burned out on ipods.  the competition is catching up and there are and will be better alternatives for less.  i might have jumped on the ipod bandwagon, but decided to add up the costs before doing so.  no thanks.  for flash players, sandisk and creative have some pretty good ones with fm stereo and recording capabilities.  i got a sandisk 1g on sale for about $30 -- plays wma, mp3, fm, audible audio books.  i like the post of the person who itemized all the expen$e$
opt for the kensington 33164 over this..first things first, apple is a great company and the ipod is a wonderful product.  .however, i have to recommend others to go a different direction when considering a home stereo dock..you can choose to buy this product. if you do, be prepared to shell out significantly more than the cost of this unit to be happy in the end..the only thing that come with it are the adapters for different ipod models. at a minimum you will need to spend on the following add ons: wireless ir remote ($30), and a charger ($30-$40) as well as the rca cable adapter to connect to your hone stereo ($10-$20+) .the kensington includes all of the following: stereo dock, ir remote control with (2) aaa batteries, 7ft. gold-plated rca output cable, ac adapter. it is designed to take all ipods as well..you literally will spend double after on all the apple add ons..its not a coincidence that the customer rating on the kensington is 4 1/2 stars vs. 3 stars for apple's dock.  most people recognize great values when the see them.
unnecessary.i returned the dock, since i realized it did not have a firewire port, which is what i needed. before getting the new ipod 60gig video, i owned one of the fist generation ones. it included the firewire charger, so i figured getting the cradle would allow me to use the charger with it. but it didn't provide me with the firewire port so i found it totally unnecessary. and it is too expenssive, for nothing, unless you plan to get the remote
no stars really.i purchased a second 1gb travel drive to mate up with one that had been working fine.  the second drive is a different version (although they look identical) which does not work with my computer.  there is no question that my computer is older technology having had a win 98 o/s which i upgraded to win me.  after talking with tech support and trying all the recommended solutions, tech support recommended i get a replacement or refund under their warranty program.  bottom line, they passed the buck: not their problem - "...go contact your computer manufacturer".  so i'll be selling my memorex drives on ebay and recommend you think twice before purchasing this product.  also, it took a month to get a reply in the first place
works as advertised, bad cap design..this drive was a good price, and it works as advertised, but the problem i have with it is that the cap does not snap on; it just slides on.  i keep the traveldrive on my keychain in my pocket most of the time, and i lost the cap about a week after i got it.  i still use it and carry it around without the cap because i paid for it, but if i had to do it again, i would get one with a snapping cap, even if it cost a little more
does not work with 98se.after reading these reviews, i decided to purchase this card.  this card does not work with windows 98se.  after a weekend of trying to get this card to work, i returned it and purchased a belkin.  i had the belkin operational in less than an hour.  ..if you have an older operating system, do not buy this card!!
doesn't work well with netgear 10/100 switch.i really liked this card until i bought a netgear fs108 10/100 switch. no matter how i configured the lne100tx card, it would only talk to the switch if i forced it to 10mbps mode. forcing to 100mbps wouldn't work, nor would autonegotiation...if i wanted a 10mbps card, i would have gotten one. this is a poor performer
good player but  very poor construction.my player had the same headphones jack problem that so many people here have had, which ended up rendering it useless (out of warranty).  ..however, while it worked, i was quite pleased with the player and the included software.  everything was intutive and ran smoothly (except for an occational freeze with the player which never became frequent enough to be a major burden).  i also liked the fact that this player wasn't bound by itunes or file format restrictions...my only other complaint was that occasionally the touchpad made moving small increments like up one track or down one track somewhat difficult (just give me buttons, i know they aren't sexy but they're easy and work well).  ..i am giving the product 2 stars because, while i liked it, creative has known about the headphones flaw for a long time and has not improved the build (being that this is still a problem with these players).  for the amount of money that a player like this costs, it should work for at least year
great features, but huge flaws.this music player was decent: nice look, controls, and sound. there are many nice features including decent software and using it as a data drive. there are really good things about this unit; however, the faults are just too great; thus, superseding the great features...however, the reaction to your key pushes, and file search are way too slow. the software is pretty nice, but the bad thing is that it likes to rename your files for you even when you didn't ask it too. that gets very annoying. for example, i just want the file to be named as is, with no tags, but the zen software will add tags no matter what, even if it has to put in the word "unknown". it also has these strange crashes that makes it hard to have it recover. the worst part about this product is that the earphone jack gets damaged in a few weeks or months -- unprovoked!..it was so frustrating to think my headphones where damaged, but i switched it up and found out that it was the zen. then i read online, and what do you know -- it's consensus, the product is faulty because many other people have experienced the same problem. some people even found some fixes, and i've tried them, but to no avail. but then again, why do i have to fix a fairly new product? ..if you're going to have a fault when it comes to a music player, you don't want it to be a physical issue that renders the player useless!..i'd give it at least three stars as i was quite satisfied with it, but the physical fault with the headphone jack is just too much of negligence to overlook
don't do it!!!!!!!!.this product is amazing - when it works. which for me, was two months and why it gets two stars. i originally gave it one, but when it does work it really is awesome, absolutely no complaints. mine froze and died two months after i opened the package. unfortunately, i couldn't get it fixed because it was a gift from an ex who i was no longer in contact with by the time it broke. after it froze i frantically scoured the web trying to find a way to reset it. that didn't work. i changed the batteries, etc etc it was just dead. i thought about buying another one until i read all the reviews with similar complaints. i am not an apple person, but since that is all there seems to be i finally gave in last night and bought one and so far i love it. i initially resisted because of the software (i thought i hated itunes) but i am getting used to it and liking it! so this is probably not what you want to hear, but this is my advice - skip this and buy yourself an ipod just like everyone else. there is a reason it is so popular!!
zen micro is the worst piece of junk i've owned!!.warning!!!!!don't waste your money on this piece of garbage!!!!it's hard to believe creative had the nerve to release this buggy piece of garbage. .the zen micro was recommended for its superior audio quality over the ipod.  however, i could not put up with it's dismal performance.  i had to retire it and get an ipod.  the software was slow, cumbersome, and crashed constantly when i would try to upload songs.  with itunes you can change songs using a batch method, but with creative's software, you have to go through every mp3 one at a time!  that's a lot of songs on a 5gb player!  what takes seconds with itunes, takes hours and hours and hours with creative.   .the micro would keep rebooting, and was very slow between songs.  touch sensitivity was annoying, especially compared to the ipod.  i tried updating to the new software, but that made the zen micro perform even worse! after rebooting, it "rebuilds" the library, which takes a couple of minutes. when it finally reboots, it takes so long to play a song you select, oftentimes you press play twice to make sure it registered, which of course pauses the mp3.  very frustrating. designwise, the micro is far from "micro", especially compared to the 5gb ipod. .the zen micro shouldn't even be considered to be in the same catagory as the ipod.  if you're considering getting one, go with an 8-track instead.  you'll be happier
disappointing.the h10 is a nice looking device that doesn't work.  i have a constant reoccurring problem where the device will hang when you select a song or playlist.  the hourglass (initializing) will remain until the unit runs down the battery.  the only solution is to reinstall the firmware which also deletes all your files.  you have to use windows media player to transfer and sync files.  wmp is clumsy to use.  it is not user friendly at all.  anyway, after the firmware reinstall it will work for a while and then just start hanging again.  i used to be a faithful iriver customer, but not any more.
nice when it worked, but poorly made and unreliable.nice gadget for the 1 year and 11 days that i had it, until it suddenly broke completely, for no apparent reason, and i had to buy a new player.  the warranty is 1 year!  $229 for a disposable mp3 player is a lot of dough...initial use was painful due to flaky firmware that iriver eventually improved, they just released it too soon.  that got better but the user experience with iriver plus yahoo music engine was awful, largely due to yahoo music engine being brand new.  better now but this is still a collaboration between three vendors (iriver, yahoo, and microsoft) that is not always smooth...bottom line is that i'm deeply unhappy with having this device fail on me 11 days out of warranty.  i have replaced it with a creative zen player and will never buy anything from iriver again
buzz makes 2-line feature completely unusable.this phone has some really fantastic features. as a 1 line phone i highly recommend it. if you add the 2nd line, you cannot use both lines. as soon as the 2nd call comes in, the 1st call line is filled with loud buzz and the caller is inaudible.
boosteroo has tiny boost.i have 2 previous boosteroos and they were fine,this one for the fine is worthless-it has a tiny amount of boost-maybe a 30% or so volume increase at most.not worth the money, i am unlikely to ever buy a boosteroo product again. the vendor was very good, the product stinks
nice design but terrible screen.i got mine in the airport to kill time on long flights and it was the battery stamina that draw me to the sony when i looked at all the available dvd players. that turned out to be a bad decision...after charging and trying to watch my first movie i thought i had got a broken unit because the screen viewing angle is vertically maximum 20 degrees. basically you have to tilt the creen forward and look on the screen slightly from above to even be able to see the picture. it is almost impossible to view the screen straight. secondly the picture quality is really poor and the image becomes pixelated (you can actually see the individual pixels in the screen) due to the low resolution in the screen...the contrast is bad and all dark areas merge together in a movie. initially i thought the dvd i was looking at was a poor copy because the image quality was so bad. i was so convinced that the unit was broken that i took it back and changed it for a new one. then i relaized that the unit wasn't broken, it was the design that was broken. since the replacement unit was equally bad...then i happened to read the specs for the display used by sony and it turns out that the vertical resolution is only 200 pixels on an 8" screen. that clearly explains why i could see individual pixels in the screem while wathcing a movie...so, the bottom line is that this player has a very nice design, long battery life but completely and utterly useless with the built in very low-resolution lcd. so, the point of the whole device is lost...so now i have it in the office purely as a dvd player and use it with a small denver lcd tv which has a magnitude better screen...i can only speculate why sony chose such a poor display but i suspect that it was very power efficient to allow them to have the exceptional battery life
didn't last a month.less then a month after we received this dvd player it stopped working, we returned it to sony for a replacment but they didn't have one so the "repaired" this one.  3 weeks later (a long time in my opinion) we received the "repaired" one back, and the motor was so loud when playing that it wasn't really useable - so back to sony again.  it's been about a week now and we haven't heard back on whether or not they are fixing that one or if they have any replacement units yet.  don't recommend it.  it's also a little on the heavy side (maybe some people would like that).  our last one was a panasonic 50 (old version i think) and it died after about 18 months - we thought that was unacceptable so we bought the sony - but in retrospect i wish we had bought our old one again.  it lasted longer, was lighter weight and the screen tilt was more versatile.
junk.i got this yesterday, listened to it for an hour.. tried to turn it on today, nothing, no sound, no radio, no cd, cd lid won't even open.  i knew for the $$ it wasn't going to be the greatest radio/cd, i just hoped it worked more than 1 hour...  i was wrong...  please don't waste your $
deceptive /misleading web display.this item is not what is displayed on the web site.  note, there is a picture of a bridge, however, when i received the package, the picture was that of a female smelling a bunch of roses..the numbers are identical on both packages, though the one showing a bridge is the older packaging - the product in the older package was for my purposes better than the newer package.  the reason was the canon watermark on the older paper is lighter than that on the newer paper.  this was very important for me as i print on both sides of the paper, as i use the paper in creating greeting cards for vaious holidays.  i like the glossy side for displaying a photograph and the reverse side for printing text
total waste of money.you buy this, to charge your creative mp3 right?.an mp3 which charges through usb...well, any normal usb charger can do the job! you're paying to much money for this!..zip-linq ac wall plug to 5v usb adapter-is one example for a thing that does the exact same job for less money.(serch in amazon its here)..so dont waste your money on this just cause it looks nic
no auto alert function.we bought this radio for our home in seaside or as a means of getting earthquake and tsunami warnings.  in never responded over 2 wednesdays, when the weekly test alerts are broadcast...also, it had very poor reception for the 7 weather band stations.  none was strong, several were very weak, but most importantly, and probably why the alerts were not received, was that the weather band circuitry was likely defective.  i would guess based on other reviews of these products and my own work experience as a electronics design engineer for the last 33 years, that it is a combination of poor design and poor manufacturing that the radio sections do not work...sadly, it also says that the products are not 100% tested or even lot-sampled prior to shipping.  the factory only finds these problems after the customer has reported them - the entirely wrong method...we returned ours and are still seeking a quality replacement.  perhaps this is a business opportunity for my wife's and mine design company......
one feature broken.the radio worked, but the built-in flashlight did not.  called elton and the only fix was to mail back to them for repair, which i did not do.  disappointed that it was defective when received
non-durable.yes i like the am reception-- but after using the eton fr-300 for thre months. the hand crank generator failed. with an inspection internally i found it was due to a plastic reduction gear. untill that point and time i was happy with it. . i was disappointed to find the cell phone adapters fit only a very few phones. so i did not get a chance to try that feature..  with my kyocera phone..i would suggest if you want to be emergency ready with this radio. to looking for the solar adaptor from c.crane radio.com..    but myself i have not been very happy with how long the hand crank lasted before it failed. .   but when it was working. i was able to get over 24 hours of playing. after i cranked the radio for 30 minutes. if i cranked it for 15 minutes. the radio would play for 8 hours
save your money!.this is a cool idea, but the execution just isn't there for flight simulation.  unlike the ch products yoke - which is really very good - there is very little that feels like real rudder pedals in an airplane.  control inputs tend to overact, sending you all over the sky, and you start spending your time trying to manage the pedals, not the simulator.  as much as i'd like to have rudder pedals in my simulator setup, it just isn't worth the trouble.  most sims don't effectively emulate the precession and torque of a single engine prop anyway, so why bother
overhyped.i do not understand how this product contiues to get such great reviews.  i fly small general aviation aircraft and these rudder pedals do not even come close to the real thing.  the pedals have no feel to them and they do not have any method of adjusting the resistance.  i had to adjust them so that their response was not linear just so they would operate in a reasonable fashion.  i do not know if its the pedals or the flight model for the cessna 172 in both fs9 and fs 10, but i am unable to perform a adequate forward or side slip. i've tried adjusting them, and that does seem to help some, but my biggest complaint is that they have not resistance to them.
usefulness limited by poor marketing decision.as confirmed by ch tech support, they have decided to make their products incompatible with other manufacturer's products.  trying to get me to spend an extra $100+ to replace my existing excellent logitech joystick just to get their pedals to work is not a good way to get extra business.  instead, i'm sending these back.  hopefully, they will learn (as many others in the industry have) that trying to lock customers in to buying only your products doesn't get you more customers in the long run. most people will choose a non-proprietary solution when they can...ch tech support:."you are correct it was a marketing and sales decision to have control manager only combine our controllers. we of course are a business and would like to make a profit as well as produce quality product, so we do such things to prompt potential customers to buy our products. there are no future plans for allowing control manager to combine other brand controllers.
storage is useless  so is support.this router seems to route the signal just fine but the storage feature is weak.  whatever i copy to the external storage device has date of 1970 because the router cannot get a "current time" through the router setup page.  i have called and emailed linksys about the problem several times over the past 3 days.  they acknowledge the problem and tell me that they are sending a firmware update that is not on their website but for some reason can't seem to send it.  i get a bunch of fumbly reasons as to why they can't send it - "our manila office is working on it, my supervisor is on break".wait til they work out the bugs on this
not ready for prime time as a storage server too.the documentation sucks and so does the tech support.  i have wasted nearly 8 hours today trying to get this router to work with a maxtor usb hard drive.  1st, this router will not allow you to use ntfs format so i had to reformat the hard drive to fat32.  next, when you go to set up the storage unit and give it a work group name it does not accept names that windows xp does for example our workgroup is horton house.  the linksys unit will not accept the space between two words so i could not use the same workgroup name and either had to change every computer or let it be in a different workgroup.  next i spent an hour on hold and then was transferred to four people before they finally could connect me with a tech support person who was trained on this new unit.   they confirmed my issues and said they will notify the group who will be putting out the next firmware update.  the big issue i tried to resolve was getting the unit to not require a user id and password to access the drive everytime you boot up a computer on the network.  unfortunately i learned that is the way the unit is designed so you can not map the location as a drive letter and have it always ready to use on a network computer.  the 1st time you try to use each you are prompted for a user id and password.  this really finished it off since i could not understand the logic.  i can map other computer hard drives for automatic use but not this one hooked up to the router.  then the final kicker i learned after my 2 hours on the phone with support.  every file that gets written on the hard drive had a created date of dec. 31, 1979 and last accessed date of the same.  i copied files to the drive and it would ignore their file creation and access dates and just write dec. 31, 1979 for every file and folder copied on to the drive.   clearly this router is worthless as a attached storage device at this time and i will pass it on to some one else on ebay and go back to the old router.  no more wasting my time on a new product even if it sounded great.  don't waster your money.  i have 20 years of pc experience and am an expert user
trouble with wireless signal.i got this router for the usb part and never thought i would have trouble with the wireless signal. i have my notebook in the same room and could not get a full signal out of the router. i went back to my netgear router and the signal was excellent. not with the linksys. it was just good. went to another room and the signal was very low..i took the router back
after 3rd firmware load and a beta release - it finally works.i must generally agree with others who do not recommend this product.  i have been using it for about 2 months and have had a great deal of trouble.  ..if you understand the concepts of shared drives, and how to configure them, you will have no trouble mapping the drives connected to the usb port.  i have 3 250 gig drives and one 2 gb thumb drive connected to the router via a usb hub and mapped.  i do not know if this is a supported configuration but it works fine...the problem has been that the clock on the router will not set.  this means that any files written to the drives have a date of january 1, 1970.  i have just been sent a beta copy of new firmware from linksys (my 3rd revision in 2 months). v2.00.6 (mar 29, 2006)  this seems to correct the problem...other aspects of the router are working fine.  signal strength is very good with no hang-ups (this was the first firmware upgrade)...overall, this product has, by no means, been worth the effort.  ..it is sad what has happened to linksys.  this used to be a great little company with great products and support.  since being purchased by cisco it has all been down hill.
problem with sharing files over internet.as of this writing, the feature as advertised in the box is simply not available.  perhaps one would be able to share files over the internet in the next firmware upgrade.
glisson vs garmin.well the glisson is made alot better!i got 16ft cord for my antenna....magnet is 50% stronger...the only thing bad for me is that the magnet on glisson is smooth and is all over the dash...the garmin has a rubber base and sits still..i keep on dash....also 99.00 vs 29.00...
can be opened with a tube of toilet paper and a ballpoint pen..it appears that one can unlock this product without the key: all you need is a bit of cardstock (or used toilet-paper tube) and a ballpoint pen. for more information on this vulnerability, search for "kensington lock vulnerability" on google
poor service.samsung service is the worst ... if your tv breaks down during the warranty period, dont expect any fast service from them. they are very inefficient and .their customer service is extremely poor. parts are always on back order and you are never going to know when it will get repaired. ..so while the tv was good, i would give their warranty service a rating of 1
not for gaming!!!  video is delayed over half second!!!!.i purchased this unit to use it with my new xbox 360.  i soon discovered the video picture is .6 seconds behind the audio.  that's right!  over a half second delay between audio and video.  when i contacted samsung they told me to increase the delay on my surround sound speakers.  are you kidding me?  if you don't intend to use this tv with an external sound system then it's great!  but if you intend to use it with a surround sound system the don't buy it unless you don't mind lip sync issues or pulling the trigger on your game page and have over a half second delay on the video
picture tube broke after three weeks!.i bought the television in april, and it broke in early may. it is now the middle of july, and sony tells me that my "refurbished" tv that they are replacing it with is "lost" in shipping. customer service has been horrible to deal with, and i am beyond frustrated. i am ready to just buy a different brand because i have given up hope that they will ever do anything about the broken one collecting dust in my living room. i will never buy from sony again
poor performance.when it works the picture is tremendous. i can't comment on the sound since i use a home theater receiver for that. it has some nice features, and settings...i purchased this t.v. on february 18th of '06, and am now having to take it in for service. the set will not come on, and the standby light flashes 5 times. ..sony has agreed to pay for the labor charges since they provide only a poor 90 day labor warranty. all of my home theater products are sony, but i be looking elsewhere for my next purchases
this tv is defective!! buyer beware!.before you purchase this tv, be a smart consumer and read the reviews by typing in the product name in google. i had the same problems that many of these people have stated. i bought the set in january 2005, and in march 2006, the picture and sound stopped working, and i was getting a flashing red light. after reading all of the comments on the net, i contacted sony. i thought i'd share my story, so maybe some of you would be better informed about the set before buying it, or if you already have and it breaks, take heart and fight the way i did...first of all, sony did pay all of my repair costs, parts and labor. i had to stay on the phone for an hour and go through about 6 different levels of customer service. i told them that i was reading all of the complaints on the internet about this particular model and that i knew they had made a defective tv with this brand, so i wasn't going to quit until they fixed it at their cost. they hemmed and hawed, saying it was out of warranty. then they agreed to pay for parts. after listening to me tell them that a 1-year old set that i paid $600 for should not be broken, that sony is a billion-dollar corporation, and that i was reading hundreds of examples from people who had experienced the exact same problems with this set, they finally agreed to fix the set at their cost, which they did...i took it to a service technician they suggested, who turned out to be a jerk, but i can live with that. i took a week to fix it, and i had to stay on sony the entire time, especially when they tried to say they were only paying for parts, but they did eventually pay for the entire thing...just so you know, the technician told me that this tv is defective. the boards are bad. it's the a and c boards. they go out after 6 months to a year. he said the best thing you can do is to turn off your tv after watching it (don't leave it on all day or night). and to expect the boards to go bad even after replacing them. he also said sony is aware of the problem. sony tried to tell me they would have put this info on their web site if that were the case, but, obviously, their own recommended service technician says differently...at any rate, you can and should stand up to sony to get your tv fixed. if you want to use my name and experience, feel free. my name is denise culver. i bought my tv in january 2005, and it's a kv32fs120, and you're welcome to tell sony that i appreciated their good customer service enough to share my experience with you in hopes that they would treat you with that same great customer service experience...good luck
out after 3 years.practically on the three year anniversary of my purchase of this tv the screen went black.  first it had wavy horizontal lines and blurry picture, then 20 minutes later went black.  i'll be looking to another brand for a replacement.  you might be careful of this tv.  worked well for three years, but that's just not long enough.
gone bad in 5 years.i always thought sony makes best tvs and camcorders. i recently had a problem with my sony mini dv handy cam dcrpc120bt and now this 32" wega tv after 5 years, i can see ghost images and i hear hissing sound always in the background. .my advice is that there are other good brands that don't get attention as sony and it is time you look for brands like toshiba, canon and panasonic !!
hiss is more than slight.granted the product is very cheap, but i decided to try it out.  it is pretty noisy, about like a old cassette tape with no dolby.  if you listen to rock and pop, you probably won't notice it that much.    the 3 eq bands do what they should and help warm up the the smaller ear buds and phones
horrible product do not buy!!.this e-band stereo equalizer is horrible. there is a heavy hissing sound whenever you try to listen to music through it. for example, you can use it to enhance the bass on an mp3 player, but all you get is a loud hissing which totally ruines its purpose. don't waste your money! it's just not worth it
good idea, bad execution.the idea of wireless headphones seems good, but these had the following problems:..1. too heavy.2. pinched my head.3. dropped the connection often with re-syncing difficult after the headphones and receiver had been synced once. (cycling the power on both units was the "easiest" solution.).4. battery longevity leaves something to be desired...i wouldn't buy them again, and i would test any more out before i bought them.
breaks easily.this was not what i expected, it worked fine the first few weeks and then i noticed that hte headband seemed to have a crack in it, considering that i have a smaller than usual brain pan its not cos im stretching it or anything and it lives in my drawer when im not using it so its not like its being pushed around a lot either. the thing broke within 60 days of buying it and both logitech and the company i bought it from wouldnt fix or replace it...when it was working it had good audio quality and the controls worked fine, i found myself reverting back to the earbuds that come with the ipod cos basically they are cooler but its nice to be able to roam around and not worry about wires
blame myself for purchasing this....i did go thru the reviews here to see if this headphone is worth buying or not. after reading many reviews, i found it hard to believe that the the headband can be that easy to break. i never had any headphone broken before. so, i ignored all the warning and went ahead and ordered one. when i received it, i said to myself what a bunch losers out there, the headband feel quite sturdy to me, how can people easily break this. well, well, well, about a couple month later, with very light and careful usage, i became a loser myself. the headband formed a small crack on the left side. i kept on using it as it didn't prevent me to wear it and listen to the music. and after a couple day, i can't use it any more. the crack grew bigger and finally it started to interfere with the electricity flow there obviously as everytime i started it, and put it on my ears, the headphone would shut itself down and refused to be turned on. i have no one else to blame but myself. and i am the super loser who bought a 2nd pair immediately after the 1st one. anyone want to buy my still new headphone?..i still give it two starts as it does serve well before it's broken. but never again, i'll buy another piece of logitech product as i can't believe they aren't recall this thing with so many complains. logitech basically is not standing behind its products... any class action suit for this yet
this cd case suck!!.i bought 2 because it was at a great price.. after it was full of dvd,s it was hard to close. the zipper sliped off the case and will not stay shut. when the case is open the dvd,s slide out very easy. and the last thing is, now i have 2 broken dvd cases and three insert because one broke in half. so thanks for nothing xtreme.
bluetooth didn't work and software isn't mac compatible.when i received my phone, the battery was defective.  i ordered a replacement battery but still could not pair the phone to anything (i have plenty of experience with bluetooth pairing). top it all off with the fact that the software only works on windows, my only option to load phonebook entries into this phone would be manual entry. the interface of the flip phone was something out of the 1990s -- kludgy and childish.  the available ring tones are from the same generation.  aside from the technical problems that i encountered, i thought this was a pretty lousy phone
uniden elbt585 5.8 ghz.cool looking physically but the software interface is worse than anything i have ever seen.  it is not intuitive nor well-designed.  symbols and menus are confusing and downright ugly.  very poorly executed.  it's as if the folks at uniden don't even own cell-phones so they have no experience in interfacing with a phone that can manage contacts and play messages.  otherwise it functions well, battery life is good.  no interference with my wireless network, which is one of the main reasons i bought it...i am afraid i cannot recommend this phone - you can spend less and get a lot better elsewhere, even within uniden's other 5.8 ghz products, where they don't experiement with cellphone-like guis on your dime
about mail in rebates.i have subitted the rebate for this product in the month of aug-06, till date nov 2006, i have not received the rebates
terribly disappointing.i have put my comment in title itself - terribly disappointing..picture comes very blurred despite good light condition...i would recommend others to spend few more bucks and get a better web cam
dont  waste penny on this product!."i don't like it at all, it doesnt work well, lets nearly no air out and doesn't clean anything...maybe it'll clean some air if you let it work for a day or two... bad.." .dont buy it you'll regret....p.s.1 star because there is no 0 selection..
doesn't work.consumer reports tested sharper image's elctrostatic air cleaners and found they did almost nothing.  you are much better off buying a hepa filter based product though electrostatic filters with fans work okay
dead after  than 6 months.i received palm tungsten e2 from amazon on may, 2006.  it had battery problem (battery exhausted very faster even unused) from the beginning.  it is dead today.  the screen displayed irregular black shapes, some yellow curves and white.  even hardware reset could not bring up the pda.  i visited palm site and learned that it cost as much to repair as to buy a new one and it only had 90 days warranty. i have sony clie sj22 for over three years and it is still working.  i wonder if the quality difference that sony is manufactured in japan while tungsten is made in china
it was the best thing at first.......when i first bought this pda for about $200, i was so excited. it was fast, very easy to use, and organized my whole life. after about 2 months, it died and did not recharge anymore. i called to get customer support and was informed that if they continued to help, it would cost me about $40. i was shocked and instead went online for help. unfornately my battery had just gone dead. ..warning!!!..after calling again and finding out it would cost $160 to fix i was so dissapointed. i could not believe it would cost almost as much as the retail price. the customer service guy told me that my battery had died and hinted it could have been manufacturer defect. ..if it would have worked and continued to work, i would have loved it. it's a great product, but i will never by palm products again because of the experience. major disappointment!
my 10-year pda experiment is now over !!.i've have owned a palm since the introduction of the palm 2 way back when. the only still-working palm i replaced, was my very first, the palm 2. the other five i have purchased since have all failed in some unrecoverable way forcing me to buy a replacment long before i was ready...it's been relatively easy in the past to justify purchasing another.  after all, i have all my contacts in the address book and all my critical information stored in splash id. what else am i to do, right?..well, i am now officially completely fed up. my palm's, including the palm e2, seem to have an uncanny way of malfunctioning just after the meager warranty period expires.  the unit no longer stays calibrated.  in fact, the calibration seems to be all over the map.  sometimes i'll tap the screen with the stylus and the the palm will recognize it an inch or so below where i tapped.  if the mis-calibration would stay consistant, i suppose you might be able to limp along.  the problem is it wonders all over the map.  palm has no solution other than sending it in for a costly repair. ..no thanks mr. palm pilot guys . . . you have taken the last cent you will ever get from me !!  i'm mad as hell and i'm not gonna take it any more !..and that's all i have to say about that . . .
broke after a month, but it's a nice unit otherwise.getting ready to send it back for warranty work.  after just a month, the cd player pretty much stopped working all together.  it sometimes will spin, play a little, then shut off...the nature sounds sound like they were recorded through a drive-thru speaker, then digitized and compressed a thousand times.  very electronic sounding, and everything but relaxing...honestly, i'm pretty busy and sending this back is a huge pain in my neck.  ..i would not recommend this unit for that reason.
sounds are not soothing.the ocean sound would have been great for soothing white noise if it weren't for the squawking seagulls on top of the waves -- makes it kind of hard to sleep to..
poor quality.this is the 3rd tv of this model i've had. i have returned the previous 2 to the point of purchase for an exchange due to what seems to be an all too common right speaker malfunction. it also randomly shuts off. the first was dead right out of the box, the second speaker died less than 30 days after purchase, this third one lasted 10 months. samsung has refused to repair this tv. there are 2 months of warranty left but labor is not covered except for the first 3 months. this is the final straw for me. i will never even consider a product made by samsung. i will also check other brands to make sure they are not re-branded sansung units. i would encourage others to be wary of the shabby workmanship and customer service that this company offers. this is completely unacceptable in this day in age. i wish there was something lower than 1 star because the product is not even worth this 1 star rating
problem with picture.i had serious problems with the picture quality. i bought it at best buy and ended up returning it after customer service couldn't figure out what was wrong with it. other reviews say there is an audio problem too. i personally didn't have trouble with that, but be aware that there are problems with this tv
mac owners, look elsewhere.i purchased this print server only to end up returning it because it was too much of a hassle to make it work on my all-macintosh network. although technically it *is* mac compatible, it requires the use of a windows computer for the initial setup, which in my book might as well be mac incompatible. i replaced this with the similar usb 2.0 print server from buffalo technologies and i was up and running (using os x tiger, rendezvous and appletalk) within 15 minutes of receiving the amazon package at my front door. ps: netgear elects not to include an ethernet cable in the box whereas buffalo not only includes one, but it's a super-slick, long and ultra flat ethernet cable, all for about the same price as the netgear
not compatible with all printers.i purchased a mini print server because i wanted to use my laptop in one room and print from another, and i chose this particular model because i have a netgear router and the manual for that router suggested the netgear usb mini print server (ps121). i consider myself moderately computer-savvy. the directions were clear, and i was able to install the software with no trouble. however, the print server did not work--- no test page would print. after much research on the internet, using google to find various forums, including a netgear forum, i discovered that the netgear usb mini print server (ps121) is not compatible with all-in-one printers. a moderator on the netgear forum stated that a person could use the netgear usb mini print server (ps121) with all-in-one printers by downloading printer-only drivers. it boiled down to (i guess) 1) choosing to use all three functions of my printer (printer, copier, scanner), but having to carry my laptop into the room with the printer, 2) only using the print function and being able to print from another room, or 3) buying a new printer that was compatible with the netgear usb mini print server (ps121). i chose to return the netgear usb mini print server (ps121). i rated this item only one star because i could not use it and because it was not obvious before purchase that many printers are not compatible (not merely the all-in-ones, as i found out through my research). i am very happy with my netgear router, but not with the netgear usb mini print server (ps121). i highly recommend that a potential buyer visit the compatibility list on the netgear website to make sure that their printer is compatible before purchase of the netgear usb mini print server (ps121).
does not  fit the s series notebook.once you get the package, if you read the cover it says it is not only for the s series but it also for another type of laptop. and the laptop case is meant for laptops that are up to 15 ins. i bought this thinking it would snug fit with my s series notbook but it was way too big! i kept the package for the power cord case. other than the power cord case fitting, the case for the laptop itself is crap
terrible product.this radio does not work.  it seemed fine for about a week. then the volume stopped working, and the batteries started dying in about three days. replace them, get three more days. six aa batteries each time.  throw it out! get a real radio.
piece of junk.i too had a sony for years and replaced it with this radio. big mistake- even when i buy brand new batteries they are dead. literally the low battery light flashes and all i get is static.  save your self the money and don't buy this hunk of junk
poor reception!!.if you want a radio that works, don't get one at sharper image.  their reception is horrible.  all you get is static.  they do not know how to make a good radio, but they do know how to charge a lot for one
not recommended by sharper image salesman.i had a sony icf-s79v shower radio for 3+ years, which worked great until my wife took it (for time being she is working at another place).  then i bought this one from sharper image.  it was very good in the beginning, not as good as the sony one but close. but after one month a strange thing happened: i could not make the volume lower.  yes i could make it louder, but then could not get the volume down! i had to stop using it because i had made the volume too loud. after a couple of weeks i went back to the sharper image store for an exchange. only at the time the salesman confessed me it was not a great radio. i got an exchange, but found the same problem soon after i left the store.  i went back and finally got one without the problem...the story is not over yet. i knew that the set of battery was weak, so i changed a new set of battery with the new one i got.  after one month (right at this moment), the same problem appears again on the new one! this time i paid attention to the battery bar display (the radio has that), and the battery bar is flashing which indicates battery change. it seems that weak battery was the reason that the volume cannot be reduced. but i could not verify it 100% because i don't have six aaa batteries at hand. yes, six aaa batteries...as an engineer myself, i would say the design of the radio has several simple and naive mistakes.  if it is true that the volume cannot be reduced when the battery is weak, there must be a simple design overlook.  (if not, that would be more serious and no one should buy it.)  the use of 6 aaa batteries is wrong -- the sony radio uses three c batteries which lasted 6+ month per change. ..i am going to put this one in cabinet because the cost of batteries cannot be justified.
real or fake.i received two sandisk ultra ii sd 2gb cards from two different ebayers. when i compared to the one i got from amazon, i found out both cards from ebay are fake.  fake sandisk sd card does not have a notch at the bottom edge of the card and do not have serial number printed on the back of the card although the packagings are very real.  these fake cards worked on and off with my panasonic fz50. the camera displayed reading errors many times with these fake cards.  although errors often could be corrected by re-insert the card. but, i do not know if i would trust the fake cards because errors have occurred every time i used them. finally, i have to use my card reader to review the photos that i took. so be sure your card is real before submit your review.  i was forced to give a rating. so, i gave one star for my fake cards and sandisk web site which fails to help identify marks of genuine and authentic card
too many defects.i have bought sandisk products in the past, and i was happy with them. however, this time i got a defective memory card right off the package, and its replacement was defective as well! it's highly unlikely for two out of two cards to be defective. i tried them in three different devices, all of them functioning perfectly well, and i know the defect was in the memory card. i amd disappointed this particular model of sandisk has such quality problems. :
hi gain antenna.unfortunately this antenna additon does not seem to make much, if any difference in the performance of our lan. the distance from the router to my mac ibook is less than 30 feet through one tile wall and it continually looses the signal. the angle that the ibook is at is very critical. moving an inch or two can cause a problem..j mccarth
not what i expected.i was dissapointed with this product. i hardly noticed a difference
does not work.we found this antenna did not improve the range of the linksys router
polycom dropped the ball.i had been following this device for several months before it's release; polycom has always developed superior conferencing products in the past so i expected this device to outperform other usb speakerphones.  i was wrong.  we received the communicator and started testing it with multiple applications such as skype and msn messenger.  the speaker sounded excellent but the microphone on the device was near useless.  the person on the other side of the conversation could barely hear anything.  i adjusted every control i could find and it made no difference.  i will be returning this device as it is an overpriced paperweight.  ..i would recommend the mvox mv100 as a preferred device, you can find it for under $10 and it has superior sound and microphone quality to the polycom communicator
not compatible with ip3000.despite what this page says, this ink tank is not compatible with the ip3000.
do not buy.mouse movement is extremely slow. it literally takes 10 (!) seconds to get from one side of the screen to another (800x600). i just got it from officedepot [...]...buttons are too small and hard to control. joystick is unresponsive
yes - worst product ever....i wish i read the reviews before i bought this thing, unfortunately.  extremely user unfriendly to connect and disconnects itself often; kills batteries even in sleep mode.  ..the size and precision is good when it does work, but definitely not worth the money.  i exchanged it for a new one thinking it was just the first unit, but still terrible
do not buy.i've owned my wireless mouse for almost a year now and can't tell you how many times i've had to change batteries.  i've already changed them 3 times in december.  the mouse uses aaa batteries, so i always have to make a trip to the store.  not to mention, you have to pry the old batteries out with a knife or some sharp device.  today i finally had enough;  i threw the mouse into the wall, shattering it into pieces.  i will be sure to buy a new one that has a charger
frustrating waste of money.i have now been through 2 of these.  the first didn't work consistently, so they sent me another.  same issues. look around the internet and you'll find plenty of bad reviews on this thing.  wish i had before buying it...the ikey is just a poorly engineered piece of garbage.  it is very frustrating to spend time recording to this thing, only to discover that you got nothing while following instructions to a t.  it works, sometimes, but mostly not.  the company is shameless about it too.  no 800 number; you have to pay to send back for repair or replacement, which will only dig you into a deeper hole, as you will only get yet another non-functional piece of junk.
tigerdirect = bad experience.the device i received worked alright for my first test recording. i recorded a song from vinyl to 256 kbps mp3 using a sandisk 512k usb flash drive. after that, the unit kept freezing up while i was trying to adjust levels. after repeated attempts of turning unit off and on, waiting for the right indicators, setting file type, setting recording level and freezing, i packed it up. seems to be an overheating problem. what is really frustrating is that i don't know if this is just one defective unit, or a general problem with the ikey, because the unit i received from tigerdirect was a previously used, open box. both the outer and inner seals were broken and there were marks on the ikey. ymmv, but i am no longer buying from tigerdirect
ikey more like lazy monkey.they said this would be able to record albums, but they didn't say one track at a time, they seemed to have left out the part of how long you can actually record a track, it seems to be about 11 minutes, and then it shuts off, but doesn't show any signs that it is shutting off, not worth the money, save your money, and buy a mini disk, after all i had to go back to that instead of the ikey, it can't handle large volume recording 3-4 hours +
poor quality prints.i recently purchased a refurbished hp photosmart 335..the printer was easy to select the pictures. the image quality looked nice, but the pictures smeared very easily.  any amount of moisture will ruin the picture.  the paper feed mechanism was a little clumsy and was hard to tell how far to insert or slide the photo stock.  .at 24 cents a photo, i would not waste my time on this printer.  i returned mine the very next day
very nice keyboard, but one major microsoft flaw!!.i've had this keyboard for a couple of years now, and i really like it except for one major flaw.   the keyboard legs keep breaking and falling off!!  i've called microsoft to reorder them, and they don't even sell a replacement  for the keyboard legs, not for this or any of their other keyboards!!  so if one of your two keyboard legs breaks (they usually break one at a time), make sure you have super glue handy. i've glued my left one  4 times already at 4 difft places!!  that's how cheap these keyboard legs are made.  shame on microsoft. they want us to buy a brand new keyboard when a keyboard leg breaks!! microsoft! please make and at least sell  us some replacement keyboard legs, or make your cheap keyboard legs better!!!
not a usb keyboard.if all you need is ps/2 this keyboard is possibly a good deal.  it doesn't have a usb adapter, it is ps/2 only.  i'm suprised to see these are still being sold.  some of the latest pc's, maybe most of them, are dropping the ps/2 legacy connector so check the back of your box before ordering this...besides that, the key action is kinda stiff.  i'm picky.  it's better than a normal keyboard, but there are better ergo keyboards than this one
toshiba 27a45 has manufacturing defect.great picture until about 40 days of using this tv it went completely dead. no power - nothing. warranty was 30 days so i am in negotiation with seller. looks like i'm screwed...there seems to be soldering defects on this model so if you haven't lost the picture yet your lucky. there is a common problem with this chassis as were in some of the older models of sony.. the horizontal driver transformer as well as the regulator ic has a bad solder joints on them. ..http://www.fixya.com/problems-solutions/t103006,p202492/toshiba-27a45-27-tv.aspx..do not buy this piece of junk !!
problems with call id and voicemail indicator.i was hesitant to purchase another uniden phone, but my favorite manufacture, panasonic, does not make a phone that has all the features i need.  i have 2 voice over internet (voip) lines with voicemail.  this phone has problems detecting voice mail from either company i use no matter which voice mail detect setting is used on the phone.  i don't have this problem with my other phones.  it also will not ring if you happen to be using line 2 when a call comes in on line 1 (though it works the other way).  i guess the voice quality is good, i didn't really use it that much other than testing...the ringer on the base station has three settings: really loud, loud and off.  every time you push a button on the base station it makes a loud confirmation beep.  there is no way to turn it off on the base, luckily you can on the cordless handset...disclaimer: no, i didn't call the uniden help line.  i felt that there were too many problems to work through that it would take for ever.  these problems may be my own.
2 bad features.phone worked well out of box however compared to att 2 problems.1) cannot turn off answering machine, longest option is 6 rings which is not enough in my household; att phone has option of turning off answering machine..2) when returning cid calls; long distance numbers start with area code xxx-xxxx  not 1-xxx-xxxx this means you have to write down number to return call; att gives option to scroll down; if cid is xxx-xxxx you can scroll to a menu that allows you to save or call back as 1-xxx-xxxx;more than just a minor annoyance
baaaaad customer service.like the phone up to a couple of days ago..i try to make a call and i cannot get it off recording..no dial tone. the suggestions in the trouble shooting .manual dont work and when i tried to call customer service,.i get a revolving message that leads nowhere..after 20 minutes, i was able to get a hold of a repair tech..but was placed on hold again for a person that could help me.with this problem..maybe i just dont understand the instructions, i don't know..but i do know that customer service doesnt exist..good luck to anyone that may require their assistance
not for xbox users.this router was a real hassle to install.  if you know all about networking and isps and all the numbers associated with all your equipment, then you can save 3 bucks and buy this box.  i am no techie and found it impossible to install and, when i was done hassling with the tech-support, it turned out that the netgear router was not compatible with xbox live and the xbox 360, which is what i bought it for in the first place.  instead, i now have a linksys befsr41 etherfast cable/dsl router with 4-port 10/100 switch.  it was a breeze to install, virtually plug-and-play, and it works with the xbox. the linksys unit was well worth the extra 3 bucks
can't get it to connect, it thinks i'm stupid..here are a few thoughts i had after wrestling with this junk for 90min:..maybe the "smartwizard" should be called the "dumbwizard." "updating settings" takes an insane amount of time, much more so than similar products from dlink and linksys. when i first found that no manual was in the box, i thought to myself "oh, i see netgear is trying to save money by not printing the manual." i later found out that the manual is not even on the cd - you have to connect to the internet to get to it. in the setup wizard, i was first prompted to set up an internet connection before using the router. well, isn't the point of this to get an internet connection? ..netgear put an obnoxious red label over the lan ports telling me to "stop" and use the installation cd. now i have sticker residue all over the back. using the cd probably made things even worse than if i would have manually set it up from the get go...there's no information in the box that tells me what the router's ip address is and the password. reading the manual, it wants me to go to routerlogin.net to log in, a shameful cover up for 192.168.1.1 (which i found out is the ip addy.)..grrrr.... i'm trying to configure the router right now, and i have to wait for the "updating settings" even more! this is extremely slooowwww......the ultimate test of a router - if, fresh out of the box, i plug a dsl modem and another computer into it, do i get internet? this router fails the test...now i see the setup wizard. i wonder if that helps? "detecting connection type on internet port" just runs over and over and over, but now it says i have a static ip?? grrr it says to powercycle the modem if that's the case so i'll do that.....happy happy happy i am connected to the internet but i'm still plugged directly into my dsl modem, now let's trying plugging everything into the router and go from there.....what is this madness??? the internet light is still amber!! and what? only one computer can access the router at a time!!..now i can't even access the router...well, after an hour of fiddling around with configuration settings, this router is going back to the store. it definitely takes the cake for being the absolute dumbest router i have ever worked with; everything is automated and wizard infested. there is little hope for manually controlling this router; it has assumed from the outset that i, user, am dumb, illiterate, and know absolutely nothing about computers.
don't buy.i had a terrible time with my netgear rp614v2 router.  matching it with a motorola surfboard cable modem and adephia as the isp, it would fail on an average of every few days to allow a connection.  with help (of all things) d-link's help papes i figured out what was happening:  adelphia wants to see my computer's mac address, so  i set the router to report the pc's mac address, not the router's mac address to adelphia.  this works so long as the router "remembers" the pc's mac address.  trouble is that it loses the information, requiring a lengthy powering down of the cable modem and then the router so that the router can read the pc's mac address and "spoof" it to adelphia...netgear's online and supplied documentation are so simple-minded as to be useless.  i felt much better when i took a sledge hammer to this cisco pos!..gary kellison, carlsbad, californi
died after 4 months.very disappointed.  purchased netgear rp614 on 03/09/2005 and it died on 07/07/2005.  tried reloading firmware, reconfiguring, etcetera and no luck.  also note, before it died this router would flake out from time to time for no reason and would require a reboot of the modem, router, and computers.  highly doubtful that i will ever buy any netgear products in the future
p.o.s..i've had this thing for 3 weeks. ..i hate it..it must die...if you are a non-major computing person/techi/hobbiest/hacker/etc. and need a dls or cable router, this will probably work for you, if you do not get the overheating or random connection drop issue...for the rest of the computer literate world, do not buy this. i have sbc yahoo! dsl which uses pppoe. the thing works with my isp, but not with me. i want to run a http server (apache) and in order to do so i need port 80 accessable to the internet from my server. i tried everything, i spent 2, 12 hour periods hacking the sh*t out of what the problem could be. nothing. and now i guess it overheated and didnt want to give any computer an ip addy other than 192.168.0.3, even though no setting were changed when the problem popped up. ..so i give it 1 star becuase it has a nice case, that's about it...i'm going to d-link or linksys
never trust this product..i bought this product less than a year ago. 2 days ago, i locked my laptop and tried to unlock it.  but i couldn't.  it was somehow messed up and the combination did not work.  i had to cut it!!!  i don't know how it got messed up but i'm sure that it was not study enough to last long
targus pa400u defcon 1 ultra notebook computer security system.i had this for approximately 2 years. it worked fine for couple of months but suddenely started to activate the alarm without any disturbances. one day i left my laptop attached the alarm in my office for about half an hour. during this period, the alarm was activated and i was embarrased to face my office workers. this is without increasing the sensitivity of the alarm. i sent it back to targus and they were nice enough to give me a new alarm. but after several months, it started the same problem.. so, now i am afraid to use this security system with my laptop. but i did not face problems like changing the combination by its own. you can use it without the alarm activation (i.e: without batteries) but the cable is so thin, it is not recommended to protect any valubles
lock changes combination by itself - do not buy.i have been using this lock for a few months without changing the combination. suddenly i could no longer open it as it appears that the lock has changed its combination by itself. ..i called engineering in the hotel i was staying in to help me. it took them less than a minute to cut the cable with ordinary pliers.
once it's on it may never come off..while i don't have any evidence to refute the package claim that it "attaches to any notebook",  once attached to my son's computer it was almost impossible to remove.  it took 10 minutes to get it off and we were pulling so hard i thought we would damage the computer.   we will be returning it.  not recommended
combination mysteriously changed.i had been using the lock for my laptop for the past 4 months without any trouble. all of a sudden, today, as i went to pick up the lock, which had been left untouched in the open position overnight with my combination in it, it decided to change combinations by itself. so it was in the locked position but the combination is still the one i had set. i tried so many combinations 'around' mine but obviously there are so many different possibilites. the fact that i even have to try to think of what combination my lock decided to change itself to today makes this a lock i can't rely on
changing combos.i am a student living in a dorm situation and so wanted some basic protection for my lap top computer.  i purchased the defcon cl because it was inexpensive, widely availible, and easy to use.  unfortunately, it has one major drawback, occasionally it decides to change the number combinationss which unlock it.  i went to the company website and they suggested trying the numbers immediately around the combination and if that failed trying all the number combinations possible (there are 10,000).  several hours, one blister, and 1787 combinations later, i got frustrated and used a jewelers saw to cut through the connection to my computer (this solution took only five minutes).  i would not suggest this lock to anyone who lacks the patience to try trial and error experimentation until they reach the correct combination, nor anyone attending a school with a metalsmithing program
average picture--horrible software.i want to start by saying my computer is running a pentium 4 w/hyper thread technology, cpu 3.0 ghz with 800 mhz/fsb..not a "killer" system, but no slouch either.  i also have cable high speed internet.  prior to purchasing this camera two days ago, i had a logitech orbit and a philips sb900 web cam running with no problems and a good clear picture with good audio when i did video conferencing through skype.  i loaded the software that came with the camera, which was version 10.0.  i started using skype, and the first thing said to me was the pictured appeared somewhat blurred and the angle was very wide.  i zoomed in some, but since the camera uses digital zoom, the picture became more blurred.  the way to fix the problem was that i had to sit as closely to the desk as possible and lean in a little.  when i did this, i was told that the picture was very clear.  now the bad - the software supplied with the camera is a ram hog !!  part of the problem is that the software (not just the drivers, but the entire suite) used to run the camera is 130mb !!  that is huge (for a usb webcam).  the camera, while running in skype caused my cpu usage to shoot to 85%.  with the other two cameras it was normally around 25%.  i then went to the logitech site and downloaded version 10.0.4 of the orbit mp software.  while it dropped my cpu usage to around 25%-30%, my teleconferencing in skype was terrible.  the audio was distorted with bad latency, the picture was even worse than before, and my movement was extremely robotic.  then the worst thing happened...my computer rebooted on its own.  after it rebooted completely, i logged back into skype and in less that 10 minutes, it rebooted again !!!  needless to say, i disconnected the camera, uninstalled the software, and took the camera back to the store today.  my recommendation is to stay away from the orbit mp until logitech fixes the bugs.
logitech quickcam.i am not happy with the product i keep getting an error message and a blue screen and have to reboot. i will be sending this back to the vendor for replacement or what ever it takes to get it takes to work
ok as a close-out item for $9.99.i got this as a closeout for $9.99. that's all it's worth..more of a toy than a serious digital voice recorder..they need to put a little quality in the microphone
won't work with nano.despite amazon's product description that indicated this product would work with the i-pod nano, it will not
griffin ipod recorder.i was very disappointed that this product was not compatible with my ipod 30 that i recently bought. there are two plug-ins on the device - one plugs into the headphone port. the other, i don't know. there was nothing on the ipod for the other  little hickey to plug into. so i sent it back...i have a friend who has one and loves it.  she must have an older ipod
unhappy camper.this is one of the poorest electronics gadgets i have ever purchased.  it sounds like it has some very nice features but the programming is so poor that it becomes almost unusable as a gps.  before i purchased it i read a review about how difficult it was to download the maps and get them installed. i ignored that review, which was a huge mistake. the garmin mque m5 is definitely not user friendly.  for example, i have yet to figure out how to find a location using the map and then plan a route to it.  you have to enter a location as an address and you have to enter it exactly as garmin has it in its memory, which is not consistant.  the first three times i tried to plan a route with it, it could not find the address i wanted to go to.  even to my own home.  the base map is wrong, it has my street misnamed, but shows a street with that name where no street exists.  and an email to garmin to ask what i could do to help correct this error was totally ingnored.  .and the difficult operation of the unit is the best part of the story.  first of all i payed extra for the next day delivery so that i could take it on a camping trip over the weekend.  it did not arrive until the following week, but i was still charged for next day shipping.  and then when i tried to use it on the 3 week cross-country trip for which i had really purchased it, it quit working on the 3rd day.  it lost contact with the satellites and could never regain contact.  i assumed that it was a software glitch, but there was nothing in the manual about how to reboot it (actually there is not much about anything in the manual).  an attempt to call garmin on my cell phone was futile because there is alwasy at least a half hour wait to get through, and as soon as you loose cell phone coverage for a second, you have to start over.  it was not until i returned home and was able to spend an hour waiting on line that i got through to customer service and found out that to reboot it, you have to take out the battery pack (which i had tried), then put the cover back on and plug it into the external power supply for a few seconds, then unplug it and put the batteries back in, and then stick a pin into a tiny inconspicuous hole on the bottom and press a reset button.  now that sure is an intuitive process, which is not in the manual.  then you have to re-enter everything you ever put in or set on the unit, which is not simple task.  that worked, but the latch on the antenna had broken and the on-off switch did not work properly so i had to send it in to the company for repair anyway..so far, the pda portion has been ok, but the gps is a bust.  it gives reasonably good directions once you get a route entered but it is useless to find a nearby resturant or motel because it doesn't show you anything on the map, it just lists the addresses of everything in town.  and what it will show on the map if you zoom way in is wrong about half the time..i thought it was silly to spend $2,000 on a gps in a car when i could buy this unit and move it from one car to the other.  poor choice.  i just ordered a new car with a gps and this unit will become an overpriced pda, and a rather poor one at that.  needless to say, this is the last garmin product i will ever buy
do not buy this.this is the worst buy i ever made.  years ago i bought another brand of fm transmitter for $30 from amazon and it worked great.  after i lost it, i decided to buy a replacement and this unit seems to be the brand name and have the basic features that i need...i was wrong.  the sound is horrible, and i can only get 3 feet of distance if i am lucky
terrific price for not so terrific product.got it cheap and it does the job if its right next to the radio, but it only has three channels in a crowded fm band and the range is pathetic.  buy the newer version
ugh!.just bought this at walmart ($20!) and will be returning it tonight. only one of the 4 88 stations is empty here but still couldn't hear the music over the hiss and static. i vaguely knew of this products reputation but bought it anyway...big mistake.
spend a little $ extra and get something else.i had an irock! model 400 for a long time, and it worked great.  it worked for the 30 feet as advertised, and then some, and reception was stable.   ..my father wanted one, and i found that suddenly i couldnt find the irock! in stores near me anymore, so i bought this belkin.   it didnt work as well.  in fact, it barely worked at all.  if you move the unit 4 feet from the radio--any radio, the signal becomes pathetic...my irock! finally crapped out, so i bought a belkin, model up from this one.   i threw it in the trash moments ago, after i brought in the house to run some tests.   using the signal strength meter on my pioneer tx-9800 tuner, i was only able to get a signal strength of one out of 5, with the unit placed directly over the tuning capacitor.   as in 2 inches away...it did marginally better when i hooked it up to a 9v battery instead of the 3v it normally runs on.   i thought about hooking two deep cycle batteries up in series and throwing 24v at it to see if it either worked well or fried like bacon, but figured that walking around with two car batteries kind of ruins the portability factor...my father's unit doesnt work at all any more.  ..this thing stinks.   get a better one, and avoid the belkins, they are junk
this product stinks.i dislike ipods so i figure i try something else and hope for the best..unfortunately i was wrong.itunes and ipods are definitely much better...basically this device is a cheap piece of crap and it seems like sandisk's approach is wysiwyg..disappointing..pros:.- long battery life.- email tech support is quick and good but website support sucks bad..cons:.- it's easy to setup but instruction manual is useless.- buttons are rigid and miniature and difficult to press with a skin on.- wheel is very stiff and offers very little functionality.- software is buggy and terrible.- freezes occasionally.- navigating through menus stutters and lags.- boot time is 10 seconds.- video mode has no options.- needs serious firmware updates.- time is listed only in settings menu = useless.- tons of issues with playlists getting erased or not working properly.- every firmware update erases all your settings, including radio presets.and the list of issues goes on and on.....anyone who has reviewed this product positively obviously didnt do a thorough job because these issues exist and its definitely irritating.i am extremely disappointed and will never buy a sandisk player ever again..my suggestion is to try it out thorougly before buying..so you dont make the same mistake i did and trust other people's lopsided reviews..
they should stick to just memory.the software on this mp3 player is as buggy as they come.  i've never been able to get the sansa media converter to recognize my sansa e250. consequently, i've never been able to add pictures or videos to my player.  this is despite 7 sets of correspondences with their help desk.  their most helpful suggestion was for me to try to sync to a different windows xp machine.  yeah, i'm going to buy a new pc because they can't figure out how to test their software before releasing it to the public...it's consistently had problems syncing to a playlist.  most of the music that i've tried to sinc has gotten to my player, but not necessarily in the playlist that i set up.  instead, in order to hear the songs on the device, i'd have to navigate to each indivual artist's folder and play those (1 - 4, on average) songs, and then go to some other folder when i was quickly sick of hearing the first small batch of songs...now my player won't even boot up.  i've only had the thing for 2 months and i can't even get it to go past the splash screen.  what a total piece of garbage.  ..i hate to say it, but i think i'm going to have to bite the bullet and go back to apple and buy another ipod.  what was i thinking?  buying a music player from a memory manufacturer!  just stupid
regional coding.i cannot recommend hp to anybody anymore. the company introduced regional coding, which means printer cartridges from one region cannot be used in another. for most this is probably not an issue, for those busily traveling around it is. also, it is an issue of principle, its bad enough for dvd, but printer cartridges? hp has introduced this rather secretely and if you don't read the box cover etc very carefully, you may not notice. the main issue is in europe. i got caught out. i bought a 3 catridges overseas - i could not use them on my hp printer. i asked for a refund, hp email support (us) was nice but ineffective. hp customer support (europe) was snotty and very rude. i think hp does not care about its customers and this cost me over us$75, almost 50% of my printer (my sixth and last hp). don't buy hp
sad product for hp history.i bought the photosmart 7960 from office depot and spend over $300 doing so. 4 months later it broke down and no longer printed light magenta. after weeks of communication with hp they determined it needed to be replaced but that my warranty had expired! evidently your 1 year warranty is actually a 4 month or less warranty! oh they did offer to send me a "refurbished" printer at a cost of another $129 and i would have to send them my broken one at my expense. . needless to say they did not get another $129 of my money! so after 8 months without a printer trying to decide what to do i decided i had to buy another hp photosmart because i had well over $100 worth of ink i had purchased already. so i bought a new hp photosmart online for much cheaper then hp's refurbished one. guess what? yep, no light magenta on this one either!. i'm not going to bother trying to get support from hp for this second one since they were of no help with the first one. my advise is do not buy this printer!!! hp does not stand behind their product, or at least not this printer. don't you find it odd that 2 brand new printers would have the very same problem? i sure do! but i find it disgusting that hp does not stand behind their product.. beware, if you buy this printer your doing so at the risk of wasting a lot of time and money like i did.. as for print quality, it's great! but using 3 ink cartridges at a cost of $30 or more a piece, it is a little cheaper to print them at your local store
not the same.not the same item that is shown in the picture, its a smooth leather. not the textured kind shown in the picture
didnt work for me.i bought this cable to program 8051 microcontrollers with and it didn't work for that application. i did not try it with anything else. i returned the cable.
garmin prrovides no support.if it works great! if you have a question or need support, forget it!!! i sent a email to garmin support "5 to 7 days" for a reply. ah, call them, 9 to 5 cst and a 90 minute wait. ..i love the gps but needed help with charts and learned that garmin does not supprot their customers!!!
poor customer service.i just replaced my wrt54g with this router.  on the wrt54g i was getting about 6meg/sec download speed.  with this router, on my desktop i'm getting 7.5meg/sec.  however, on my laptop i'm getting 300kb/sec.  obviously there's a problem...i called technical support.  it's the kind of tech support where the "tech" asks you a question and then they put you on hold for a minute while they look through their flowchart for the next question to ask you.  every question was the obvious problems that i already checked on my own.  after about five questions he says the problem is my internet connection.  i explain to him that i'm getting 7.5meg on my desktop, so it can't be the connection.  and then i got the usual "may i help you with anything else today?"  i might as well have been dealing with an automated system...i'll be packing up the pre-n and sending it back in the morning.  too bad
wireless router.very pleased with product. i have 5 computers in my house networked through this router and the computers can be anywhere inside the house or in any part of our 2 acre lot and still receive an excellent signal. highly recommend for a large home or office
great if you only want it for a year.i bought this printer and it was great for a year. the photo printing quality was excellent. it was fast etc. then it died, canon service misdiagnosed the burnt board as a power supply issue first then wanted $300 for the repair. others have reported the same here and elsewhere. buyer beware on this one.
horrible. purchased  two (2) identical radios. one (1)  didn't work at all  and the other did not run on batteries. broken.horrible. purchased  two (2) identical radios. one (1)  didn't work at all  and the other did not run on batteries. broke
if not for the headphone jack . . ... . . it would have been a 5 star review.  the radio itself is really good, and the reception that i got on all bands was excellent...i bought this to use at work to replace my battery-eating sony srf-m37v, and i must use headphones there, so unfortunately the mono headphone output was a deal breaker for me...if you don't plan on using headphones with it, i think it is a wonderful radio.  if you plan on using headphones, look elsewhere
terrible radio..at $25, this radio is still highly overpriced.  in a major metropolitan area, with many radio stations, it can barely pick up 3 or 4 on the fm!  am/tv/weather picks up zero.  but hey, if you enjoy the sound of static, this is the unit for you!  headphones don't even get stereo output...come on sony, it's 2006, stereo should be pretty much a standard today.  purchased this yesterday and will be returning it asap today!
serious problems..i got this player from best buy and thought that i had gotten a good deal. the battery life is very misleading. a charge overnight is supposed to give you 12 hours of battery life. with normal menu usage and about 600 songs the battery life dropped to maybe 2 hours. ..for the first two and a half months the player was fine and there was no trouble. now my player freezes up within minutes of turning it on. the tech support from creative is practivally non existent. i will have to send it in for repairs and hopefully have a better time. thank god i bought the service plan from best buy.
never again....i agree completely d.welker!! the same thing happend to me also with the head-jack! they need to do a product recall! at first the product works really well then after awhile of use it starts to 'malfunction' increasing from that one problem. i woudn't recommend this product to anyone.
run, do not walk, away from this product and company.i bought my son the creative zen 6gb mp3 player for a gift less than two years ago.  after only normal use this player developed the same headphone jack problem that thousands of other suckers reported.  emails to creative generated only bs responses and directed me to call them--paying yet more money--for nothing.  ..the bottom line - don't buy a creative product because they don't stand behind their own (shoddy) work.  spend a little more for a quality product
do not buy these unless you inted to use it all at once.they claim that they won't expire for 2 years but i have now lost $20 across two cards that itunes expired after less than a year on both.  the customer service is horrible. they will not investigate if the card was legitimately expired or not.  all they will do is tell you tough luck, we say it is expired.  you have no recourse since all the support is only through email and automated responses...do not buy these gift cards unless you want to risk being ripped off
no good.i was really looking forward to a large screen. however when this arrived i was disapointed. when the picture filled the screen it looked way to streched and out of proportion. by the time i had a good picture i could have easily had a much smaller screen. the sound from the speakers is terrible and it will not be long before i buy addition speakers for it..dont consider this item, its just not good enoug
poor power button design is a dealbreaker.stay away from this product. like many others, i was very happy with the picture quality on this monitor. however, 4 weeks out of warranty, the small round power button on the front of the monitor broke (disappearing into the case) which renders the whole monitor useless. hp customer support couldn't care less--they tried to sell me another monitor. hp doesn't even offer any kind of paid-for repair service that would help me recover part of my investment. since i can see from google searches that the power button problem is common with the hp f2105 (many are breaking inside the warranty after only light use), you would do well to trust this product no longer than its warranty period
power button breaks easily.yes, this monitor looks great.  i like everything about it except for its extremely flimsy power button, which has broken in two different occasions.  on both occasions the power button just sank in when pressing it with normal pressure.  once it happens it is almost impossible to turn it on or off so you need to get it replaced.  (as a side note, we rarely use the power button because we have a screen saver so it did not happen from excessive use).  hp has replaced our monitor 3 times (free of charge), two for the power button issue and another because one of the monitors they shipped was damaged in transit.  it looks like this is a serious quality issue.  i am not sure if the power button will break again now that we are on our fourth monitor, but we'll probably look for another monitor if it does
mine stopped working too.....i bought this in august, and in october i couldn't hear the calling party - they heard me just fine.  then it stopped working altoghther.  very disappointing for a panasonic
totally quit working!.this was a gift for a friend, who had trouble with the phone from the beginning; the phone has now (after only a couple of months) quit working altogether.  i've always had good panasonic products, but this one was a dud
disappointing phone: worked at first, then loud buzzing.i have had many panasonic cordless phones over the years, and never had any problems with them, so it was an easy decision to choose panasonic again. unfortunately, this phone doesn't live up to other model's performance.  it worked fine for a couple of weeks, but now there is a loud buzzing noise (only can be heard on my end, but loud enough to obscure the voice of the person i'm talking to), and the volume doesn't increase enough to cover the buzzing.  similar problems have been indicated by other reviewers - wish i had listened to them before i bought this phone...i am going to return the phone, and am quite disappointed
no belt clip included - you have to order it!!!.i bought this phone today because i have an older model that i just love. ..what a surprise to discover that it doesn't come with a belt clip--you have to order it and pay for it! (i verified this by calling panasonic.)..this is just insane. it's a silly piece of plastic. why would a phone that's headset compatible not come with a belt clip? that's the whole point of "hands free"! ..i'm taking the phone back tomorrow. sad...i'm so disappointed in panasonic. maybe they make another model that comes with a belt clip, but i'm not optimistic.
microphone stopped working after 1 year in use.very dissappointed with this unit. we liked it features and the sound quality. however we have been using it for just over the year and the microphone just stopped working. i would have expected a higher quality product from panasonic!
usb bluetooth wars.it took me about three hours to get this stupid thing working, including downloading new drivers and trying to make sense of incomprehensible instructions. out of the box, it was totally useless. the drivers did not work at all
data constantly lost.i purchased this drive after reading through numerous positive comments. i am sad to say i have lost data 3 times now and am extremely gentle with the drive.
quit working.this was a wonderful device until it quit working.  it lasted for two or three months before just giving up one day.  on the other hand, my father-in-law bought one that is still going perfectly.  just make sure to keep your reciept, etc., in case you get a bad one.
lasted 3 uses.the drive lasted three uses before dying. it now will only light up upon connection, but will quickly stop working after a few seconds - on both os x and xp. these drives are very unreliable and really should not be used if you plan on storing important data on them (is there really any other kind?). ..i have had a solid state usb key from lexar for over 4 years - never had a problem. i'm pretty disappointed that this thing couldn't even last 4 uses. ..i would steer clear of these things.
they should stick to just memory.the software on this mp3 player is as buggy as they come.  i've never been able to get the sansa media converter to recognize my sansa e250. consequently, i've never been able to add pictures or videos to my player.  this is despite 7 sets of correspondences with their help desk.  their most helpful suggestion was for me to try to sync to a different windows xp machine.  yeah, i'm going to buy a new pc because they can't figure out how to test their software before releasing it to the public...it's consistently had problems syncing to a playlist.  most of the music that i've tried to sinc has gotten to my player, but not necessarily in the playlist that i set up.  instead, in order to hear the songs on the device, i'd have to navigate to each indivual artist's folder and play those (1 - 4, on average) songs, and then go to some other folder when i was quickly sick of hearing the first small batch of songs...now my player won't even boot up.  i've only had the thing for 2 months and i can't even get it to go past the splash screen.  what a total piece of garbage.  ..i hate to say it, but i think i'm going to have to bite the bullet and go back to apple and buy another ipod.  what was i thinking?  buying a music player from a memory manufacturer!  just stupid
poor quality.i purchased this printer because it was nice looking and advertised prints for as low as 24 cents. i was disappointed with this printer.  this is an item i did not buy from amazon but purchased at staples office supply because of a rebate offer. i returned the product...the picture quality was poor.  the pictures were washed out looking.  the faces were white with pink but no warm overtones. you couldn't tell people's eye color.  the pictures were definitely not photo quality. i compared the pictures to my dell-all-in one and the lack of warmth (can't think of a better way to describe it) was very noticeable. ..hp makes good products but this is not one of them. i showed the sales people at staples the pictures from the 8050 and everybody agreed they were poor.
printer ships without interface cable!!!!.i can't believe you would ship a printer and the first thing the user guide says is to go out and buy a usb interface cable. couyldn't you have warned me that i would need a cable? i have never experienced this with any printers i've purchased in the past. unbelievable
do not buy this..this came dead out of the box. firmware upgrades and reformats do not fix it, all you have to do is google muvo tx and see how many other people are having problems with this piece of garbage. creative will also refuse to refund your money and instead try to get you with a 40 dollar credit. this product is defective end of story, search for yourself
trouble from the start.from the beginning i had connection issues with the hardware and software - my system hanging on me for no good reason.  on a couple of occasions i had to reformat the player, but found that even that was difficult to do (worked on winxp but not on win2k).  maybe used it 10-15 times total over the past year because it's been so difficult...so tonight i decided enough was enough - i downloaded the latest driver and firmware and installed (or tried to).  the thing hung (once again) in the middle of installation and now is completely dead.  no light goes on, no device recognition on my computer... just dead.  and conveniently, of course, 3 weeks after the warranty expired...creative labs just lost a long-time customer
good til it broke.has easy to use volume  song selection controls which makes it great to use while jogging.  drag  drog song transfer is easy but annoying not to be able to have playlists  needing to name songs in the order you want to play them (ie, alphabetically).  nevertheless was great and lightweight.  but just died on me after about 6 months.  have taken apart and all the connection look ok so must be the software.  unfortunely, another mp3 player for the landfill.
i wish amazon had negative stars.a waste of time and money. the player stopped working after less than a month. creative sent me instructions to download new software, which i did (wasted an afternoon), and it still did not work. i e-mailed them, but with little hope, given the reviews i just saw on amazon. it seems like they intentionally put defective products on the market with no concern for their reputation, which used to be good and is now going downhill. do not buy this product. save yourself a headache. there must be a better use for your money than throwing it down the drain, which is what you'd be doing if you purchased this mp3 player
altec lansing im7  gets a thumbs up.i was amazed at the big sound that came out of these small speakers.  it was a bit more than i wanted to spend, but i feel like it was well worth the money.  amazon had it shipped and at my house in two days, too.  nice
big disappointment.the im7 portable audio was great for a couple of weeks then one day it just went out.  every time i put the volume up the power would shut down.  i wish i could send it back
purchased today; returning tomorrow.i am a faithful canon user, and i will always buy canon cameras and printers. after many years of great photographs printed with my old i960, the printer finally died; by "died" i mean it suddenly started turning all colors shades of red and yellow. so i went ahead and purchased the ip6700d tonight at circuit city, and i will be returning it tomorrow. ..i printed 6 or 7 photographs, and the colors seemed lighter than they were supposed to be, and they were a bit blurry. i printed some of the same pictures that i had printed with my i960 before it died, and the ip6700d's prints were not very good. the black and white prints looked almost as if they were dark grayish-blue and white. all of the color prints had a noticeable green tint. the photos that were printed by my i960 were much crisper, and the colors were much better...i hope i can find a better canon printer than this one...for the average user, however, i don't think you will mind the color difference too much; especially if you are printing with the "direct print" feature. i'm very picky with my photographs, and when i make them a certain way in photoshop, i expect them to print the same way--like my old i960 did.
doa.device was non-functional from the time i plugged it in, tech support was worthless and they wanted 10 days to replace it...this is just not worth the effort, i will not buy again
erratic behaviour makes it nearly useless.i had two samples of this telephone then gave up on it in disgust. both samples behaved the same way. obvious faults:..- sometimes people on the other end could not hear me at all when i picked up a call using the speakerphone. i had people hang up because they thought the line was dead...- i could hear my own voice loudly (louder than the person on the other end) in the earpiece when using a headset (so loud it even got feedback and squealed once)...- the volume seemed to vary substantially from one call to the next. i never notice such variations on calls from the same people on our other phones...- the angle of the (rather small) display is such that you can't read it unless you lean over the top of the phone...- ugliest handest ever. :-)..this could be a really nice unit - it has some great features i haven't seen in other phones, but it seems like polycom haven't quite gotten the design right, which is inexcusable for the price. we have nortel phones at work; those seem to work far better, but i haven't found a domestic version
broke on first use.plugged it in once.  it never seemed to transmit.  plugged it in again and the display is completely dead
these things are garbage.two of these broke on me, snapped right in half from normal wear and tear.  they are cheaply made and another fine examples of the millions that companies milk off of all of us ipod suckers.  sure you get the cool ipod, but what?  you want to listen to it in your car: $60.  you want to protect it?  $40  you want to put it through speakers?  $20  you want to charge it?  $40  crappy headphones broke?  $50  what a rip-off
skip it if you plan to use it while driving.if you are buying this to use in your car forget it. the signal is weak and on a few occations the signal fades and cuts out. prob due to other radio stations.  i did find it better if you have a car charger for your ipod. it seems to boost the signal up a bit
good, not great.the itrip does what it is supposed to, but not in an outstanding way.  the signal strength is not usually too strong, and has to compete with inescapable static and interferance, no matter what station it is set on.  .if you haven't already bought this, buy something else
disappointing.the itrip transmission was initially week.  when i went on the road, i couldn't get it to work at all in a rental car even after selecting alternate fm stations.  documentation did not include any troubleshooting information to remidy this problem
worthless junk.bought 3 of these for my laserjet service business and returned them all because of the terrible suction. i have 15 year old lj vacs that out perform this junk hands down!!.don't bother!
is good but not that good..after using this tablet about 4 months now i had experimented with all of its functions but still not satisfy me because i tough that this tablet will show what you draw on it, this is not posible because in what you draw is a solid grey color plastic cover that feels the magnetic point of the pen and then projects the image on the computer screen. i'm  disappointed because i paid to much money for what is not a valuable product at all. you can buy it but i do not recomend it for serious animators or serios artist who want to see what they are drawing on the tablet surface
disappointing att product..i bought this phone/answering machine to replace my previous att phone/answering machine, which lasted for 15 years before it stopped ringing.  this phone is awful.  the number buttons all stick unless you only push on the edge of the button.  the sound quality for messages is very poor.  my outgoing message sounds like i am underwater, and incoming messages are less clear than i would like.
i thougth wrong!.no doubt this thing is cool, but in buying it i made a huge mistake. i had always refused to give in to the ipod crowd and so i tryed this thing out. the sound was good, but then i had to figure out how to put songs on it. this was my fourth mp3 player and it was the most complicated of all of 'em. if you want the best, unfortunately you must pay for the best- get an ipod. save yourself  the pain
junk.the router set up easy and worked fine. the card on the other hand was junk. i installed the drivers and it caused an error. i called customer noservice and got someone from india and could not hardly understand. he told me what to do and it still did not work. i called back the next day and after about two hours of trying to fix (understand bad english)they said it was bad..i bought a belkin router and card. it has worked perfect for almost two months no
awesomely horrible product.wow.  what can i say other than this has got to be one of the worst electronic purchases that i've ever made.  the dwl-g650 is a pretty good pccard, however the di-624 router is absolutely horrid!  from the moment i plugged it in it wouldn't quit rebooting itself every 1-2 minutes kicking me off the network.  firmware flashes didn't solve the problem at all nor did a replacement product.  (incidentally, amazon.com was wonderful about sending a replacement product).  how d-link gets away with selling this product is beyond me.  i'd read similar reviews on the product with it constantly rebooting however i must admit that i'd written those off as the typical "home user" that really didn't know what they were doing.  well, as a network engineer and systems administrator at one of the world's largest computer companies, i have to throw my towel in to the absolutely worst network product i've ever worked with here in the di-624.  please... avoid this router at all costs
what high-speed usb connection?.this product would not work with my dell dimension desktop, even after i installed a pcia card with high-speed usb2. very poor technical support from h-p (india). what ever happened to h-p quality?
waste of money.1st the ipod is expensive. it should at least come with a protective cover.  2nd i rarely used it and only when im in the gym. quite to often when i go to turn the ipod on it goes into something called "disk mode" which freezes the unit up and cant be played. theres not hard reset button so i have to go without listening to music for the hour or so im in the gym then take it home plug it in the cpu to get it to unfreeze.  im so pissed at this thing because im all exicted to finnaly listen to some music and get amped in the gym and the dang thing freezes. for the money i spent on this thing it shouldnt happe
do not need.it may be good item but the c340 i bought works without it.  so it was a waste of money.
good rainy day puzzle but not a print server.today has been too wet for yard work, but the tew-ps1u has provided an entire day of entertainment. the home network runs fine both wireless 802.11b/g and hardline. this print server wouldn't connect to the wireless network, nor would it connect to an old 802.11b router.  web browsers and the included configuration program could access this server only through hardline ethernet. the router didn't recognize the tew-ps1u as an attached device and could not assign an ip address. however, if a fixed ip address was assigned to the tew then it could be accessed by browser. the printer could then be assigned to the fixed address tcp/ip port. unfortunately, the usb port couldn't access the printer. yes, the printer works great from a computer usb port..conclusion: consider this product if you are looking for challenging entertainment. avoid this product if you are seeking a wireless print server, as it is neither wireless nor a print server
a word to the wise.....don't be fooled, as i was, into buying this phone set.  i have the vtech ip5825, which is identical to the ip5850 minus the answering system.  when you initially receive these phones the features will impress you, and it will work too.  then, after a short period of time (depending on your luck), things begin to run downhill fast.  in my case (see my review on the 5825) the phone would not hang up the line after only 3 months of use.  i had to contact customer service and only because i'm obsessive did i see the thing through in dealing with vtech support or lack there of.  i'm sure others would have given up early on.  they (vtech) sure don't make it easy to get them to honor their guarantee.  after all is said and done, my refurbished vtech phones are going south again.  now the batteries, as many other vtech owners have attested to, are failing...you may see some 4 and 5 star reviews but i'm sure most of these owners reported on their immediate impressions, not their opinions after owning the phones for a few months (that's all it takes for them to fail in some way).  my advice is to look at the poor ratings and experiences of those who have had these phones for some period of time, and then steer clear of them.  a word to the wise is sufficient
bad battery, bad static = bad phone.don't waste your money on this phone. from the first day the non-base unit had horrible static for anyone i talked to. the sound was fine on my end, but anyone i talked to on the non-base phone complained of horrible static, and when i called my house i heard it too and they were right it was horrible. the base unit developed the same charging and battery problems a number of others have already talked about. avoid at all costs
customer in la.i am looking for a new phone, becuase i have the same problems with batteries that work only for 30 minutes or so. i have tried to get new batteries though vtech, but they cannot be reached and will respond to email. i will not by vtech agai
ok phone, but very annoying battery issue among other problems....we bought these phones a little less than a year ago looking to get a quality wireless phone system that wouldn't interfere with our wireless network and give us a clear signal.  we were also looking for something with a good answering system.  we got what we were looking for, but experienced other issues that keep me from recommending this phone system...the number one issue, as others have run into, is the batteries - or more appropriately the handsets.  several months into use, one of the handsets would suddenly show "check battery" while still in the cradle.  we assumed that it had something to do with the cradle, so we switched the phones to see if it was the phone or the cradle.  the phone then did the same thing in the other cradle.  we assumed that maybe there was an issue with the sensors at the bottom perhaps not touching, so we adjusted the phone several times and didn't see the message go away.  finally, after removing the batteries and replacing them, the message went away...we now do this on a weekly basis with both handsets.  it's very frustrating to have a two phone system to hear the one in your room silent and the one in the room on the other side of the house ringing, because yours says "check battery"...another annoyance i ran into was the difficult to navigate caller id system.  the system runs with the phone's "phonebook", which saves phone numbers that are in the caller id for quick use.  with ease, you can scroll through the numbers and select numbers to be placed in your phonebook or delete them, but there is no function to delete multiple numbers all at once.  i don't clear my caller id after every call, so i end up with a queue of calls in there that i have to annoyingly delete one by one, followed by an annoyingly loud sound each time...the answering system works well - no complaints there.  the signal has been clean too, and with no problems with our wireless network...overall not a horrible phone, but one annoyance (the caller id) and one major defect (the handsets) will have me looking elsewhere in the future
phone is not worth $75.this phone sucks. i got this only  month ago. the second handset whenever i put it on the charger complains about "check battery"..i have to remove the battery and put it back in grrrrrrrrrrr..charge does not hold more than a day. overall, bad phone. go buy some other phone
lasted a year.phone worked fine for a year, then would not charge the batteries. replaced batteries in both hand sets, still won't  charge reliably. weekly check battery message while sitting on the charger...will not buy another vtech phon
big screen but lot of noise.the screen is big.. picture quality is good but there is lot of noise when playing the cd. if the cd has scratches it wont play. i am not happy about this product as the noise irritates me
not good.i bought this item thinking that it will be a good one for a good price. head makes a lot of sound and dvd stucks a lot during. i have returned this item
it just doesn't work.i read the good and bad reviews of this mouse and decided to take my chances. i should have listened to the folks who had trouble with the mouse. it moves the cursor on the screen very erratically. i made several attempts on two different computers, and it was completely unusable. i've returned the mouse to amazon, and i truly hope that they will discard any remaining inventory of this item and never offer it again. (they might also consider testing the items that they offer for sale.
not all that it could be.the first mouse i received was simply defective, and needed replacing, which kensington did after half a dozen email exchanges. the mouse was erratic from the start, would not stay on, and eventually would not go on at all. the replacement mouse is problem-free, and perfectly adequate, thus enabling a comparison between it and apple's wireless "mighty mouse". the most obvious difference is in the action of the scroll wheel, which on the kensington mouse is ratchet-like and clunky. the scroll wheel on the apple mouse, in contrast, is a tiny little ball that operates as smooth as silk.
kensington mouse broke in 15 days.i bought this mouse for my macbook pro. it lasted just 15 days. after that the mouse flickers and looses connection randomly. very very annoying. i am going back to a usb mini mouse. sad that kensington with such a good name produced such a bad product. i have read reviews of other customers as well with the same problem on other forums about this mouse.
works, but lots of trial and error due to poor documentation.got 2 of these to make a local area network between myself and neighbor down the street. we have what i think is a fairly simple network (router to ap to remote ap), and between the awful documentation, terible support (besides language issues, they just won't answer the questions you ask), and a web interface issues, i am quite disappointed. 2 stars because it took my friend (a guy with multiple network certifications), and myself (with a bs in computer science), many evenings to get it to work. would have done 1 star if we never got it working. even now, we don't have the house-to-house thing inplace due to needing a better antenna. my advise: go straght to the forums for support if you can't get it working on the first 10 tries. this might be a good piece of harware, but without good software and good support, it is not worth buying
this unit is terrible.i've concluded that while they advertise heavily that this unit supports wpa-enterprise with radius, it does not. it doesn't even support wpa-personal.  netgear says it has something to do with tkip...further, netgear has the cheapest tech support for product that is at least somewhat known.  .therefore, they sell you something full of lies and they don't provide support worth squat.  i even tried "level 2" support and they weren't able to help me...don't waste your money on this unit...i'm getting ready file a suit in civil court to recoup my loses from this product.  (about a week and half from writing this review
nice when they work.i have had two of these phones now. each has been comfortable and functional. both have died within a year. the headset is fine, but the telephone stops working. the buttons stop functioning. you can get a refurb off warranty for $35 but it is only good for a year or less..would be a great product if it lasted
"frustrating" does not begin to express my feelings!.i have now spent more than 10 hours downloading software patches, deleting programs, adding programs,  rebooting -- all to no avail. not 1 scan has completed successfully. my system is a well maintained dell dimension running windows xp-home with 512 meg main memory and a 100 gb hard drive that is less than 25% full.  i run norton systems works, corel paint shop pro x and roxio easy media creator suite 8 software without problems.  i installed a hp photosmart 8250 printer in mar. 2006 that has performed and continues to perform well  problem free.  .hp customer support for the scanner promptly replies to my email and provides suggested solutions.  however at this point, even if they eventually supply a solution that works, it will not make up for the veritable torture inflicted..i find it incredible that hp offers its scanner products with such poorly functioning included software. i doubt i will ever purchase an hp computer related product again
i was skeptical of one star reviews.  how i learned my lesson..i'll start by saying it's generally wise to create a restore point in windows xp before installing new software.  if you want to experiment with this scanner it's essential...i was able to install the software and get the scanner running.  one little clue to trouble ahead was that on rebooting i had to choose myself as the user.  control panel showed that an invisible user had been created.  anyway, i did get some nice scans of documents and photos.  detail was very good, but there was a slight magenta cast in photos needing software correction.  besides more dpi, there was one noticeable improvement over my old hp scanjet 5300c.  the software of the new 4850 includes threshhold adjustment for one-bit scans.  on scanning plain text that is the adjustment needed to keep too-dark background from turning into black blotches (the default in the 5300) or too-light text from disappearing. .now, the not-so-good.  scanning slides and negatives is a token feature in this model.  gorgeously detailed kodachrome slides can be scanned to cell-phone-camera quality digital images. that's after doing software correction of the color and brightness. the bloated software doesn't save scans to an accessible file until the scan session is closed down.  the older scanjet could save it directly to windows explorer, and the session could be minimized while the file is viewed..at this point i considered it not bad, but not good enough.  i decided to return it to office depot, and i might have given the 4850 three stars on the review.  then i removed the software.  that's when i started getting error messages on bootup and shutdown complaining of missing .dll file.  fortunately i had a good restore point from a program i put in earlier.  that cured the malfunctions in windows created by hp's burning-their-bridges software.  that's why i think one star is justified, even though it might otherwise earn a moderate to good rating...i didn't experience the problem others reported of the program freezing at high resolution.  that may be because the decision to upgrade my scanner came after upgrading my computer.  the new computer is probably more tolerant of heavy resource demands than older ones..i'm currently getting used to a new epson 4490 that i got to replace the hp 4850. initial tests of the epson look very encouraging
hated it.i dont think this is worth  the money.  it barely scans anything at 1200dpi and darkens all slides and negatives by at least 10 shades.  it will not copy anything with words, and takes over an hour to scan anything at a high resolution and the program often freezes up and you have to turn off and re start your compute
stay away from this guitar.this guitar is dangerous for children.  tuning this guitar may seriously injure someone, because the strings will snap and fly into your face before you even reach the pitch it needs to be...also, it stays in tune for less than 30 seconds.  after tuning each string, i strummed it, and it sounded absolutely awful.  each string had dropped at least a whole step in the time it took to tune it...if your child is learning guitar, do him the favor of spending $50-100 for a playable guitar.  this will only cause difficulty and frustration that a beginner does not need
it is a toy, people.my 3-year-old loves this guitar, has loved it since santa brought it for him because he feels just like murray from the wiggles.  we are currently about to buy our second one because after a lot of use, the first one fell apart.  i must stress that this is a toy, not a real guitar.  do not purchase it to teach your child to play, or try to tune it like a real guitar.  it is a toy, and is priced as such.  you wouldn't buy your child a squirt gun and then try to put pellets in it, would you?  i feel certain there are child-sized, real, quality guitars out there if your child has a genuine interest in learning to play.  but for the child who just wants to be like the wiggles, this one is perfect
it's just a toy--don't expect a real instrument.mnay reviewers have stated their diappointment in this guitar when they purchase it for a child to learn to actually play. don't do that. it is not built correctly or scaled properly to hold a standard tuning. this guitar works well for my 3-year-old girl who wants a guitar "like daddy's", but she's 3 and not really learning how to play a guitar. it may be good for very basic concepts, but when the time comes to teach her how to play one, i will get her a sanely-priced, real child's-scale instrument from a real manufacturer (email me for suggestions if interested) and teach her to play. ..learning guitar on one of these would be like trying to get your driver's license with a soapbox racer; it's not the right tool for the job, so don't expect it to be. just take it for what it is: a toy
good as a toy.i once got this toy and the strings broke the second day of having it. i think this is a toy..i was tightening the strings and all of a sudden a string breaks. and it didnt bring the replacement string. it only brought some other ones
horrible.this is a horrible instrument. i should say "toy". don't buy it! save up your money a little for a better one! its horrible. thats all there is to say
yikes.....guys...this is a toy...if your child is seriously interested in learning to play guitar, you should actually search for a real instrument. amazon.com offers 25" guitars with accessories for only about $50...and they're actually pretty good. don't waste your time with this thing...it's pathetic. search for starter guitars in "musical instruments"...not "toys", you're asking for disappointment...it won't stay tuned..it doesn't come with anything that you need to start out with (picks, extra set of strings, books, strap, case...etc.)..it's not even put together like a guitar should...go for the real things. don't waste your time with this..
lousy picture, slow to update picture, not for baby monitoring.i bought this camera (actually the entire phone set-up) primarily to use as a camera for monitoring kids.  first off, the picture quality is bad.  the resolution of the screen on the phone is low and the picture refreshes about once every 2 seconds or so.  in addition, you cannot continuously monitor a room - the camera shuts off every 10 minutes and has to be "called again" to resume monitoring.  if you pick sensor mode (which one would assume you could use to continuously monitor a room), the camera, along with sound, still shuts off, but you get an annoying "ring" if the mic in the camera picks up a sound - it doesn't automatically resume audio/video transfer, you have to connect again.  so in short, you can't use this thing as a baby monitor (you'd be up all night reconnecting or responding to ringing), and it wouldn't be particularly good for the elderly either.  it also requires good lighting in order to get any kind of viewable pic - there goes night-time monitoring.  on the plus side, the phone is good - good reception and features.  too bad about the camera though..
lousy sound quality - returning it.i should have heeded the warnings! the sound quality on this phone is lousy. its noise suppression is too aggressive with the result that the beginning of every syllable is chopped off. makes it often difficult to understand the person talking. the overall feature set is acceptable, but if the sournd quality isn't there, then nothing else matters! i'm returning this phone and am off to the next one. dang, i'd pay [...] for a top-noth phone, but it seems there's only cheap crap out there!!!..other annoyances are the fact that you can simply join a call you started on the corded phone with the cordless handset, you have to go through an elaborate "call transfer" procedure, when all that happened is that you couldn't immediately locate the cordless handset, picked up the corded one, and now want to switch...another annoyance is that there are no "quick dial" buttons or sequences. you have to go though the phonebook menu with several clicks to reach anything. really stupid for the "call husband", "call office", "call wife" entries you need several times a day..
totally unreliable.the base unit repeatedly loses contact with all of the md7001 cordless units - always during a call.  the cordless units show "out of range", and take about 10 minutes to re-register themselves to the base unit before they can be used again. in a call of 1-hour duration, this can happen 3 or 4 times..motorola tech support's only solution is to remove the base unit's power and batteries when this happens..who wants to do this 3 or 4 times an hour
buyer beware.one wonders if anyone at motorola did any real world testing with this phone it's that bad. my wife and i work at home and we were looking for a good quality 2-line phone. nothing fancy, we didn't really need an answering machine but just something that was easy to use and would not cause our blood pressure to rise when doing simple things like putting someone on hold and then retrieving the call. unfortunately, it's neither easy to use nor a quality product one would expect from motorola. the battery life for the cordless handset is terrible. it allows for 1.5 hours talk time, if that. we've also had other people tell us the call quality is not that great. all in all, a terrible phone and a waste of money as it's been such a hassle, we're now looking for a replacement only 8 months after buying it
does not retract.agree with the prior reviewers.  i can not get it to retract any longer and that was only after 3 uses!
good features, bad quality.i'm really disappointed with this product.  even though it has some good features like auto switch and dual power system, the output signal is too weak and sounds terrible too.  definitely this unit doesn't worth the money i paid for it
brand name let down.purchased belkin transmitter because i had hear good thing about their products, unfortunately, this isn't one of them. item works, but on first weekend road trip started picking up static, checking item found covering over wires already cracked and unit was shorting itself. big disappointment
terrible product for the car.i haven't tried it on a stationary radio yet, but in the car this device works very poorly.  even after switching the stations trying to find the setting that works best, the static comes in and goes out continually drowning out the music.  an aggravating little thing that makes you want to just toss it out the window
completely useless.it simply doesn't work! you will get a lot of noise, it's almost impossible to identify what song you are listening! don't buy this thing...
beautiful but poor signal strength.read all the reviews here, and ordered the phone anyhow. got it yesterday, charged overnight, tested today. it's a beautiful phone system and i love everything about it except that it doesn't perform it's most basic function. i have a very small 1000 sq. ft. 1-story house on a small plot. i currently have an old panasonic 900 mhz, another panasonic 2.4ghz, and a cheap ge cordless phone out in the garage. on all of those i have no problem walking around my property line and talking on the phone. the uniden, unfortunately, starts breaking up as soon as i get 10 feet from the house. during testing, my wife actually said "i can't hear you, i can't hear you" after the phone had cut out completely, while only about 10 feet outside...the phone is gorgeous. i wish i could keep it, but the sound quality at any distance from the base sucks. the only other thing i would note is that the dialing response time is a bit slow, which tends to be annoying. close enough to the base station the sound quality is good. since it didn't cut it on distance, i haven't tested any of the other features...i'm reluctantly sending it back. every review here about the signal strength/distance issue is right. this phone doesn't cut it
won't synch with outlook calendar.on the first synch, the log showed a series of internal errors, none of which identifed which entries were causing the problems. tech support said to remove all recurring entries with no end date. i did so. same problem. tech support said to remove all entries that spanned midnight. i did so. no joy. tech support said to move all calendar entries to another folder and put them back a few at a time. synching after each to see which entries are the problem ones. i decided it's not worth it. ..if palm can't make their calendaring system completely compatible with outlook, they should at least identify the problem entries in the error log so that the user can fix them without easter egging
lexar product.the lexar 1gb ms duo pro is awesome.  the price was good and the order and shipment from amazon was 5 star.
be carful.what this advertisment does not tell you is that while you get a good deal on the software.you will not be able to unlock it unless you are using a garmin gps unit.i bought this unit thinking that i could use it on my pc to drive a global sat gps and found out from garmin that this product cannot be used on any other make of gps.the advertisment does not spell this out.dont buy unless you have or are going to buy a garmin gps unit
crap charts and no support.if you have a question or need support, forget it!!! i sent a email to garmin support "5 to 7 days" for a reply. ah, call them, 9 to 5 cst and a 90 minute wait. ..i love the gps but needed help with charts and learned that garmin does not supprot their customers!!! ..if it takes a week or more to get help, i would say that the company has issues. i think that their hardware has some great engineering behind it but the company does not value its customers and does not support them beyond the sale...i'm not sure of the alternatives but i'm looking...
old software!! instead find - use version 7 as of (06/15/05).i cannot believe that anyone would ethically sell outdated charts.  avoid unless you find the latest version available.  storms and tides change the oceans, and new wrecks and hazards may be present. ..avoid!!!    version 5.5..update 5/14/06:  do not believe reviewers that tell you to keep old charts or old software versions.  for your own safety, insurance, and liability reasons you need the latest charts.  there may be an obstruction or security zones added.  it is the responsibility and requirement by the coast guard that each boat owner have current charts.  notice to mariners and other updates as well...  i can tell you that in the coastal waters in florida sometimes the hurricanes cause bottom contour changes that could render you aground...  be safe!
you are selling an old version as new.the current version of the software is 7.  why are you putting people's lives and property in danger selling old map data
not worth the money.i bought this item to attach dual monitors to my laptop.  since i already had one flat panel monitor, i bought another one for $300 and the dualhead to go for $155.  i checked the compatability maxtor tool to see if it will work with my dell latitude x1.  it passed the compatibility test.  the installation worked like a breeze but the monitor output of 2048x780 was less than stellar.  it hurts your eyes.  also, dialog boxes open across the two screens and that can be a pain too.  unless you have a graphic chipset with a higher resolution, i would save my money.  better tool is to buy a regular desk top computer with dual monitor card (costs less than $20) and you will be much happier. or get a synchronizing tool for keeping your laptop and desktop up to date.  or, bite the bullet and buy a large monitor.
difficult to set up and tech support is non-existent.i bought this device with the expectation of a plug and play experience.  the outcome was as frustrating as one could imagine.  the compatability tool asked me to auto adjust.  i did. error message pops up, does not support video mode.  off to tech support.   no help as they didn't bother to give me a customer number which is required to use tech support. long story short, i am a tech savvy person and the matrox approach to this product clearly requires an engineer that is willing to poke and prod to arrive at a solution at some point.  this is not ready for prime time
if you plan to use this for more than 6 months, don't buy.i bought two of these units, exactly one week apart.  i liked the first one so much, i bought a second one for the family room.  6 months later, almost to the day, the dvd drive on the first unit stopped working (i had to take the thing apart to extract the trapped dvd).  one week later, on the second unit, the vhs tray began seeing a tape even though none was loaded which meant i couldn't load a real tape.  so, 6 months after buying two combo units, i now have one dvd player and one vcr
a word of warning!.this gizmo does not fit the newer ipods. i bought it thinking it could be used on my 60g video ipod but it cannot be attached to it. just a word of warning for you "newer ipod" owners. there may be an adapter of some kind... i am looking into that. :-
does not work on 5g.i have a new 5g.  the 5g has two places to plug things in.  one is a usb port at the base, which is where i plug in a usb cable to connect to my computer.  the other is the headphone jack.  the belkin will fit neither.
a game of chance anyone?.if you like games of chance you'll love this device. will it work? won't it work? how long before it freezes my ipod? 20 seconds or 30? will i be able to actually hear the recording over the hard disc noise? so many interesting variables...sometimes, when the planets are aligned and the barometric pressure is just right, you can get a passable low-fi recording from close range (0-5 feet). if you are looking for anything other than that, you probably won't be satisfied with this product. and if you're looking for reliability -- well, just read the rest of the reviews. you'll get the picture
etymotic er6i.terrible product. sounds like a bad transistor radio, all treble, limited mids, non-existent bass. my other $9 earbuds that sound way better. i adjusted the eq on my ipod, my other $9 earbuds still sounded way better..if anyone knows of earbuds with decent fidelity and decent noise cancel/isolation, please let me know.
sound great until they bust.i purchased these 14 months ago.  during that time i was realtively satisfied.   i think the sound is good, almost great.  the flanged eartips fit great in my ear, especially if i trimmed down the large ones with an xacto knife.  i like to go to sleep to music and these fit nicely in my ear, even with my head turned to the side...it all ends there.  after 14 months, the left ear was sporadic and i had to jiggle the wire to get some sound.  i sent them into etymotic and they said for $76 plus $6 shipping they would send me a new pair.   i don't think so...i took care of these.  yes i did wrap them around my ipod and put them in my back pack from time to time.  everyone does this.  ..for a product that is not durable, these are not worth the money.  for substantially less, the senheiser or sony models sound better and are more durable.  don't waste your money !!!!!
don't believe the hype!.first off, i need to say that i realize these earphones must be inserted well into the ear canal to achieve optimum bass--i get it! my problem is, the bass response still isnt that great. yeah you notice certain sounds moreso than in other earphones, but these are just the ones in the upper mid to high range. again, i must reiterate: bass is compromised. ..they are also, in my opinion, extremely uncomfortable. you have to really jam them inside to get any kind of bass, and my ears tend to ache slightly within minutes. to be fair, they do offer to send you smaller plugs, which i havent tried...i have to wonder how many of the 5 star reviewers actually tried other in-ear headphones. the overall concept is very effective and a switch to any in-ear headphones from standard ear-buds, or over the ear headphones will be substantially greater than what you are used to. i just feel that this particular pair don't perform as well as other cheaper models...i have a pair of sony mdr-ex71 and they are one fifth the price of these earphones. the bass is much better although the mids and highs aren't quite as bright. i've been going back and forth comparing both tonight and i have to say, sony wins based on bass, comfort, and price. i really was looking forward to these etymotics, based on so many good reviews, but i have to say i am disappointed. again, i believe the positive reviews are more of a reflection of the in-ear concept than etymotic specific. don't waste your money. ..2 stars for the bloated price, lack of bass, and discomfort
disappointed.i purchased these ear phones to upgrade my ipod headset based on a number of very positive reviews in a number of different publications. when i got them however, i found them to be very tinny. way too much focus on the highs with little or no mid or base (and i typically love sharp highs). i am sending them back for a pair of much less expensive sony mdr-ex51lp (much richer sound with good highs despite heavy base emphasis
wouldnt reccomend.these headphones have extreme bass, more than i would want. even when i turn the bass all the way down on whatever i have them plugged into they still overpower the rest of the music. that and they broke within a week of getting them. waste of 30 buck
better sound quality and comfort to be found elsewhere.i have been buying koss products for as long as i can remember.  recently i was introduced to sennheiser and i have to say that in some respects they produce a much better product.  the koss ur40's that arrived at my home were complete with scratches inside the packaging.  in my opinion, koss showed no concern for a customer by sending out an item that looked like it was second-hand instead of brand-new in the package.  they claim that these are sound isolating headphones.  they do not isolate any sound at all.  don't you believe it if anyone says otherwise please.  and as to sound quality, the koss portapro and ktxpro1 as well as the sennheiser px-100 and 200 all do a far superior job.  as to comfort, i will say that is the only reason these headphones did not receive one star.  they are comfortable and they don't overheat you either in my opinion.  but they do not do what they were advertised as being able to do such as sound isolation.  the sennheiser px-200 cancels out a lot of ambient sound and they are not circumaural (over-ear) headphones.  this is one koss product i will not keep; they falsely advertise many of its "virtues" and they man-handled mine in the packaging phase.  i still recommend koss but i do not recommend this model.  also, even though they claim to be able to handle both home and portable systems, i needed my handy boostaroo (great product!) to adequately hear them and with my home system, they were underpowered and had no real sound quality (i think "dull" is the best word i can use) no matter how much power was pushed through them and yet portable headphones such as i have mentioned worked awesome at way lower volumes!  perhaps mine were defective but i rather think that they simply are a pathetic attempt at making a comfortable circumaural headphone.  you really can do better in both comfort and sound quality as well as ambient (outside) noise isolation.  i truly am disappointed in the most profound terms because of my long "relationship" with koss
looks good....... but.i purchased this armband to hold my nano during workouts.  the band barely fits my arm and tends to slide down the arm while running or cross training.  looking for a replacement right now
don't buy this if you work out.nice little holder for the nano, but if you use it while you work out or sweat, forget this one. mine smells like a high school locker room after a couple of months of use while running. i have tried gently hand washing it to get the odor out, and the clear screen cover came loose when it got wet, plus the material still stinks. this is a waste of money and apple should be ashamed selling this.
horrible, horrible, horrible.i adore my nano, but this armband is one of the worst products i have ever bought.  i work out quite a bit with the nano and the band comes off multiple times during my workout.  the spacing of the velcro dots means i never get exactly the right fit and the band gets ripped off anytime i do weight lifting close to my body.    it is also as other reviewers mentioned hugely overpriced for what it is.  i am ordering a band from a different company and this will go straight to the garbage.
lcd breaks if you drop it.i have 3 handsets.  two lcd displays are now broken within 4 months since purchase.  uniden will not cover the screens under warranty.  they were dropped, but not violently.  one fell only from my hand to the table and it still broke..pick another phone from another manufacturer
save your $.the e2c headphones come with a small sheet of these... they're essentially a fine mesh circle with a ring of glue around the edge.  five pairs of these are not worth $9.  i've used my e2c headphones for nearly 2 years without using the wax guards and have never had a problem...just clean your freaking ears out every once and a while and you'll be fine
worst logitech products i have ever used!!.i give this 1 star only because i cannot give it a big fat zero!!  this is an absolute piece of garbage from logitech.  i have had nothing but trouble from this item since i installed it on my system.  it screwed-up outlook  itunes.  it only worked half the time, the other half it would not connect, so i had no keyboard.  .i tried to get a refund from logitech, but they ignored me.  the tech support tried to help (try to reinstall the software), yeah, great tip.  i finally gave up and went back to an older logitech desktop that worked...avoid at all costs!!!!.bjr
expensive bluetooth device.i got this keyboard when we got a new pc from dell.  since i'm using company money, i figured why not get a nice keyboard since i felt that my old wireless keyboard and mouse lagged a little bit.  i thought to myself,  i wanted my next one to be as precise as they can come!  so i put this order together with the pc...and boy was that a mistake!..this got to our office a few days before the pc came in, i liked the styling and i was so excited to use it, so the moment the pc got delivered, i was raring to go.  it worked without installing the drivers and i went immediately online as soon as i got the pc hooked up.  i read the reviews and was wondering why other users here gave this wireless combo such bad reviews.  i didn't pay attention to the other reviewers and proceeded to install the drivers... and that's where my frustration all started.  after several crashes, unwanted reboots and driver installation restarts... i was able to somehow get lucky and install and actually finish the software installation process.  the lcd screen kinda impressed me and i even thought to myself how this is all going to be great.  upon using the keyboard and mouse more, however, i find that i'm agreeing with with most of the comments left for this poor attempt for a bluetooth combo.  keys are responsive enough and i like the solid feel, but when you leave it for a minute or two, say you were doing something with your mouse and you suddenly type a command, your keyboard tends to ssssttttuuuuttteerrr... then ofcourse you press enter and the command does not work, which can be very irritating especially when your working with cad applications.  you wonder why your command didnt go thru then you read on the command prompt that you typed sst instead of st...now the mouse!  i used to laugh about one of the comments in here where the reviewer complained how the mouse tend to get really slow when it decides to, i even thought that whoever that was who wrote about that must be using a really slow pc which tends to freeze and affect the mouse's speed.  wrong!  it does happen, and it happens alot!  i have a dual core pc with 1 gb ram and 256mb graphics card and i often feel like i'm dragging a cursor that's tied down by bricks!  did anyone say carpal tunnel ?  i think i can feel it!  the funny thing is that, well, it really is not funny but this happens even if you only have one applicatoin running.  believe me i gave this mouse a chance and closed all of my other applications and just stayed on photoshop thinking that will solve my "slow mo-use" issue but my cursor still behaved erratically with only one app running!  it works so bad that i couldn't even find where my cursor was at times!  the left and right mousewheel is worthless too! especially when you use the middle button function a lot for 'panning' around.  good thing i can disable the left and right function...sigh!!! one good point though is that the bluetooth hub works and i am able to connect my phone to my pc... mouse and keyboard wise though, you can do better.  infact, when i got this, i ordered a logitech cordless desktop s510 with media remote for my desktop at home and i never had a problem with that!  i'm so happy with that model that i'm actually thinking of getting another one to replace this junk!..so, if you're considering getting a cordless keyboard and mouse combo, and wanted this one because it has the bluetooth function.  think again
the keyboard loses connection often....and to reconnect, it's not just pressing "connect" due to the security of bluetooth.  very annoying
plastic, binding, not at all worth the money.what can i say?  the plastic sticks in the assembly, making it really hard to control...not worth the money at all
so-so performance.  horrible customer support..i recently cancelled my vonage service after a couple years of hoping it would get better.  i used it with a very fast comcast cable connection, and yet nine times out of ten vonage would kill all my home pc's connections to the internet when a phone call came in.  this happened no matter how i allocated the bandwidth using vonage's online controls...i contacted their customer support through their online tools multiple times, but never had a reply.  i finally gave up and switched over to comcast voice.  it's a little more expensive, but the problem is gone overnight...here's the kicker:  the day after i switched to comcast voice, vonage pinged my credit card for another month's billing.  they knew we were switching because they had to give the phone number up to comcast.  i immediately called and told them we were cancelling the service.  but they won't refund an entire month of billing even though they are no longer providing the service...i hate being treated like this as a customer and am taking the time to relate this story to you, in the hope i can spare others the same experience
negative 50 stars is more like it..vonage has absolutely the worst service in the universe. do not even think about trying to work with this company. they make promises and don't keep them. after waiting over five months for them to port a number, and many calls and emails, they failed miserably...i got email after email from sanjeeb, vishna, abhay, ramesh, navin, etc. you get the picture. they never respond personally and you can never deal with the same person twice. it is just horrible...it cost me a lot of money for the knowledge i'm sharing with you. don't use vonage
decent performance with one caveat, brutal technical support.the setup was quite easy, and voice quality is decent.  however, i can only place outgoing calls; calls to "my" number are routed to someone else.  i won't fault vonage for the technical problem itself.  however, the response of their technical support is unacceptable; each of the four times that i have called, i have been told that they would look into it and get back to me by email.  they have never done so.  if you're considering vonage, look online at the experiences of other users; i don't think that my experience is uncommon.
beware vonage.well, like everyone vonage really caught our interest as here was a way to bypass a phone monopoly in our area. trading in a $50 a month bill for local, then another $20 a month for international calling, for unlimited long and local toll calling not to mention a free international plan, and all for less than $30 a month, well, who wouldn't. so we did!..big mistake!! first of all customer service stinks. we were told that we could keep our local number, only to find out after 2 agonizing months of waiting that vonage couldn't port the number after all (all the while we still paid for our local bill so that we still had the local number we were trying to transfer). vonage did nothing but point fingers at everyone but themselves, and when they finally did admit that they couldn't do it they tried to put it on us. almost every time we called, and it was many, we usually ended up with someone out of the country. on top of that we had horrible phone service. no one could hear us and there was an echo that would come and go. there was nothing vonage could do to fix it and blamed it on our broadband service which had always functioned perfectly for us..we tried for 3 months to work things out with them when we decided to cancel. here is the great part....they charge an early termination fee of $39.99 if you stop using them within a 12 month period after you sign up. then they stuck us with a $50 charge on "rebate" we supposedly got when we bought a wireless router through them. to avoid that charge we had to wait for our 3 full month to finish which meant that we would be charged another month's fees. none of these charges were mentioned at the time we signed up. non disclosure is their sneak attack...needless to say, to get shut of the company we had to shell out over $70. not good!!!! ..our advice, stay as far away from them as possible. voip is not federally regulated and so when they do this to you, you have no recourse, no way to protect yourself. they can do whatever they want whenever they want and you have to take it or either let them steal your money or ruin your credit...buy a phone card, its cheaper in the end
good service.  bad customer care and undesirable cancellation fee.i was a happy customer of vonage for 7 months.  the service was great, their website was excellent and the features they provided to control your account online was excellent.  ..on the 7th month, i had to disconnect my broadband service from comcast as comcast increased their prices to 65$ per month which is crazy to pay for an internet connection at home.  comcast is the only internet provider in my area and hence i no longer broadband connection.  hence the vonage service became useless and i called to cancel service.  my horrible experience with vonage started here...i had to wait 35 minutes to get a customer rep online.  the rep asked me the reason why i am cancelling.  when i explained the reason he made fun of me saying i must be crazy to cancel broadband and go for dialup which is history.  will his father pay the 65$ for the broadband?  i wanted to ask but did not.  to my horror, the rep said that i have to pay 40$ cancellation fee as i was not a customer for an year.  this is crazy.  when i revolted he said that it is mentioned in one of the fine-prints and offered me to send an url to my email id.  i finally ended up paying 40$ to cancel their service...if a landline company charges cancellation fees it is understandable as they have done some manaul work to provide and disconnect service.  but vonage provides service on our existing internet connection and they have no right to charge cancellation fees.  i will never again buy vonage service
it's as bad as using two tins cups and a string.i was really exciting about pulling the plug on qwest.  i immediately noticed a slight decline in quality with vonage, but i thought i was being picky.  gradually, the quality of the line decreased to the extent that i simply could not communicate with people.  there are echoes, static.  lots of time, i have to ask people to call me back on my cell phone.  vonage customer service is virtually non-existent.  i'm not a techie, but i think if you have a home network and use vonage, bandwidth is eaten up and vonage does not have any proprietary part of the bandwidth.  i really do not know, but i should not care because i never had to care with the phone company, and the savings is not that much that it is worth my while.  ..beware of vonage.  it is simply the worst
virtually no reception.i had to immediately return this walkman to bestbuy because i couldn't get reception for any of the radio stations that i listen to on a regular basis (i tried 5 stations- couldn't get any of them to come in).  this walkman is absolutely terrible!!!  i can't believe that my walkman from the 1980's had better reception. i ended up buying a panasonic rf-sw50 today at target.  the sound is incredible and it gets every single radio staion in my area
buzzing phones!.at first i thought this phone had everything - and it is loaded with features, and has a good range.  however, after using it for about 5 weeks, i now have a very, very loud buzzing noise on all the handsets - it appears to come from the base and it is so loud i can barely hear the caller.  i have tested this base on other jacks (still same problem) and i have tested other cordless phones from the existing jack, and they work fine with no buzz.  i'm convinced it is in the base unit of the panasonic phone.  but after multiple email customer service attempts at panazonic, i have not yet heard anything from this company.  i'm scrapping the phone and buying a much cheaper, but more highly rated att.
didnt last.it worked great for the first few months but as we are nearing the 4th month, i'm so exasperated! a previous panasonic cordless phone i had was muffled for the person i was talking to. apparently with this phone, they can hear my clearly but i can barely hear a word they are saying! sometimes it is really hard to hear, and other times, it is downright impossible. either way: terrible!! it is like having your tv on volume setting 1. you can hear there is some kind of faint noise...but you just cant make out anything being said
used once, returned promptly.i used this phone once and put it back in its annoyingly complex packaging for return.  to start, the handsets are poorly designed: on my first call i twice hung up on my callers since the "off" button is located exactly where you would rest the phone against your cheek...besides this, two of the three handsets had communication problems with the base, even when they were in direct sight of the base, such that they could not maintain a constant dial tone and kept cutting out
does not work.i ordered this phone a few months ago for use in my small business.  unfortunately, the phone works only sporadically. sometimes when i call people they cannot hear me.  sometimes when people call me i cannot hear them and they cannot hear me.  the auto-answer feature sometimes works and sometimes does not.  i called uniden, waited on hold for 20 minutes, and was hung up on.  i plan to simply throw the phone away because it is not worth my time to wait on hold again, and i could not conscientiously sell it to someone else, given its defects...i would strongly recommend that you do not buy this phone
logitech mouseware + ibm thinkpad t60p = crash / beep / reformat.i compared about 15 mice at a local staples to find the best combo of comfort, available buttons, and price.  the winner at $20 was the logitech mx310.  after bringing it home, i installed the logitech mouseware software on my new ibm thinkpad t60p, and it crashed.  nothing changed when i downloaded the latest mouseware from logitech's site.  in fact, now my laptop will not shut down normally -- it emits a series of system beeps, and i have to hold down the power button to shut it down.  i suspect it's a conflict between the logitech mouse driver and the built-in ibm trackpad driver, but who knows.  even after completely uninstalling mouseware, i have the same beeping problem.  i then tried to go back to a previous system restore point, but it fails because i can't restart the machine (the beeping problem).  extensive googling didn't turn up any solutions.  i may have to reformat my hard drive to fix this problem.  i can't remember the last time a mouse installation gave me such problems
carpal tunnel is setting in....wow, i think i developed carpal tunnel in less than 2-days with the mx310.  outside of that, i think with the new setpoint software installed (over mouseware) it's a good mouse...especially for $20.  but, mine will be going back because it is very rough on the wrist.  i've got a gel mouse pad with wrist support and i even tried the mx310 without the pad...no luck, still rough on the wrist
wow its been only...... one month?.if your a hardcore gamer, i would not recommend this mouse. after a month of intensive training in cs source, the mx310 stoped working properly. the led turns on and off, jamming your curser every 5 seconds, making it extremely annoying to use my computer in general. what i really dislike is the "technical service." they give a number that doesn't work and that most likly is located in india. never again logitch, im sticking with microsoft
disposable clock radio.i liked this clock radio when we first bought it because of the feature of being able to wake up to a cd. but after less then a year, here i am trying to find a new one. one morning the power came on, but no music, the cd was spinning. none of the buttons would work, power wouldn't shut off so i unplugged it. tried again the next day, and it completly shut off in the middle of the night.  i am very disappointed having loved magnavox products in the past. buy only if you want to buy a new one every 10 months
p.o.s.  will never buy from magnavox again..stopped working after not even one year.  get a load of the replacement deal that magnavox offered me:  i send in the broken one plus $40 and they send me the new model.  $40 is almost 2x what i paid for the original pos!  i vow never to buy another magnavox product for as long as i live.  i bought this thing instead of the no-name brand because i thought there was a reputable company behind it.  now, i find out that this company won't stand behind its product beyond 90 days.  i'm going to pay up for a sony dream machine
poor quality...steer clear.this product didn't work on the cd function for the alarm from day one.  i mistakenly thought that the alarm was only supposed to work on radio.  but after 6 months, the cd function wouldn't work at all.  it stops playing and gets stuck at a particular part like the old record players used to.  the warranty is only 3 months and philips refused to replace saying, essentially, that they only warrant that their product will work for 3 months.
works great as a keyboard, fails miserably on range.first off, when used for what it's intended, it works fine.  using it on my pc in the basement is great.  my original intent for this wireless keyboard was to control a htpc i built that is about 5' away.  needless to say, i found that my range is literally 12" or less with this combination.  so if you don't need range, works great, mouse and keyboard.  if you need range, wrong product.  i'm still baffled to find any documenation which shows the range of this combinatio
poor printer compatibility.i would like to comment on a few models of printers i have tested.  unboxed off the shelf, i tested this unit's print server capability and found it incompatible with all 3 tested models:.- hp officejet k60.- hp deskjet 3650.- hp deskjet 1220c..i then upgraded the firmware and retested the print server capability. the hp deskjet 1220c is now supported...fyi to new buyers, be sure to check the printer compatibility list before purchasing this product if you plan on utilizing the print server function...[...
don't do it.netgear makes many fine products - but this is not one of them. if you like rebooting your router at least daily because once again you cannot connect to the internet, then by all means, buy this device. if you like slow communication speeds - then it is for you. .they just don't have this thing right yet. tried firmware upgrade and not much better..i also suggest getting a product that is more specific to your needs. maybe the multifunction is too much for this little guy
i watch and listen to movies how about you..i judge the picture quality to be worthy of five (5) bright stars...i judge the sound quality to be worthy of (1)shabby star. ..i have to admit the looks of the player itself and the looks of the images it displays are amazing.  however, i am still in disbelief over the volume of the mechanical whirring sound the player needs to emits in order to play a movie.  i stopped and started the player a half dozen times to see if the 2nd, 3rd, or fourth time would be the charm that eliminated the noise.  the sound the player generates to spin the disc is ridiculous.  i wasn't going to try and ignore the sound or try and turn the volume on the player up to mask the sound.  i returned the player
no volume at all.this dvd player has a great screen, but that is all! when you are watching a movie you want sound also, and the volume in this dvd player is completely useless. incredible, how a brand as philips can deliver this kind of lame quality
takes patience.i did end up getting this to work!  i'm glad because it's small and easy to take with me. works easily while charging...i made sure i read compatibility for this as i switched to mac.  this mouse doesn't work with osx.  i even went to anycom's website to update drivers, but there aren't any.  i can't say how it works for windows, but stinks for mac.  is very well designed and well fit for my small hands....too bad
as advertised.product was easy to set up and use. loading the program was easy and without error. map detail was above average and after setting a route i intentionaly turned at tye wrong places and each time the program corrected itself and gave me new directions to the original destination. would recommend this gps ta anyone
garmin usb18.product did not work had to send back to manufacture to be replaced
useless - does not retract.i agree with the previous review.  this phone cord worked twice.  now, it only retracts about half way, and keeps getting worse.  i'm returning it for a refund.  don't waste your time with this
do not wast your time with this product...period.i am on my second one and i will be returning this one also. both of them worked once and then would not retract fully after that. i was so mad i almost threw it against the wall. i thought the first one was a defect, but then when i got the second one i realized it was a design flaw... if you buy the targus one keep your receipt because i guarantee you will be returning it. what i don't get is how targus has the guts to release this product and also put on it: satisfaction guaranteed. what a joke..
poor physical design.i purchased this memory card reader for use with my digital camera's memory stick pro. the reader does not have any kind of spring-loaded memory stick eject, or any eject button.  you just have to pull the card out with your fingers.  when a memory stick pro is fully inserted into the reader, the plastic edges of the reader are wider and longer than the card.  therefore, it is nearly impossible to grab onto the memory card - even with my tiny fingers.  for someone who intends to use the reader with a card more-or-less permanently installed - it should be fine.  the reader will close shut safely around the card.  however, if you will need to insert and remove cards frequently, i do not recommend this device.  in my case, this physical design flaw makes the reader useless to me.  i should note that although the plastic case design feels flimsy, it does open and close easily...i gave it 2 stars because it does actually work for transferring data, and will suit the needs of some users.
no tech support.i bought an gm270 and the iguidance software based on the first review posted here, and the dang thing is only good for skipping on the water..holux is a sham, they do not provide any support for the piece of junk they sell...once inserted in the dell x51v adn installed their gpsviewer software, (which is their testing/demo program) all i get is that gpsviewer.exe fails to open half the com ports, and the device is not on any of the ones it can open. (and how the heck are we supposed to know what baud rate we shpould use, is it still 1978??)..gm-270 and anything-holux in general should be considered an utter waster of time and money
