low brow and juvenile.do you giggle uncontrollably when poking corpses with a stick? if so, look no further, this book is for you...i understand a book like this will appeal to a certain demographic. i guess i shouldn't have expected much, and i certainly didn't expect a literary masterpeice, but this was the first book in awhile i just felt like giving up on. i didn't, since it's so short, but i may just as well have. it is not that the book is so "grotesque" or "disturbing" as seen described elsewhere. the author either left out or was incapable of the proper narrative to make the potentially disturbing scenes at all vivid. unfortunately, that applies to all aspects of this book...the entire book is in rural vernacular, including ignoring proper punctuation. but the end result is that nothing is described in any detail. it's like reading a poorly worded list of stuff that happened. it's almost as if he wasn't really trying very hard, or as if the story really was told by a simpleminded country person - an omniscient one that can read people's minds. i suppose the idea could have worked, but doesn't. not a terrible read, just annoying and vague. with so many other good books out there, why waste your time
peter smith hardcover warning!!!.if you're considering buying the peter smith "edition" of this book, note that it is not a new "edition" in hardcover but the vintage international edition rebound in red cloth, with the cover of said trade paperback glued onto the front. it looks like it's been rebound for libraries, is the type of thing that's usually not for sale to the general public (. . .) the book is well-rebound, and may still be worth it to you cormac mccarthy diehards out there -- it is for me, and ultimately i'm just gonna keep the copy of it i bought, but it's still quite disappointing. thought you deserved a warning, hope it came in time. mccarthy's a great writer, of course -- feel a little guilty about the one-star, but it's an issue of the edition, not the book
a bit thin and oriented to the big end of the scale.what i didn't realise when i ordered this is that it is an publication of a us kennel association.  it is a slim book, gives a good, realistic overview of kenneling from a management perspective, and is a good thing to read if you need to decide basic questions like quot;is the kennel business for me?quot; and quot;what are the main issues in kennel management?quot;  its orientation is toward large kennels (65+ dogs) in the us.  for someone like me, who is thinking about a small kennel in australia, it was interesting, but not really worth its pricetag
laughing all the way to the bank!!."ha ha ha hah ha hah!"  that's stirling laughing all the way to the bank.  or at least i hope that's what he is doing.  but sadly i suspect he more likely feels his wiccan/sca/dnd-infused vision of a post-apocalyptic society is a reasonable, nay, likely path we'll follow should selective physical laws break down.  quick!  stop me!  i feel the need to wave my sword, sing a gaelic song, and break out my cauldron!  the genre requires we make a leap of faith.  and as a fan of the genre, i do so willingly.  but having made the leap, it is annoying at best to be forced through this "tolkein as faith" drivel.  but as i will likely read the entire series (remember, i love the genre) i have to hope that stirling leans towards the "thanks for the buck buddy" and is himself laughing at us all.  but a picture is worth a thousand words and his mug on the inside cover tells me he believes this nonsense!..my recommendation?  read the book.  laugh a bit.  maybe laugh a lot. but do this with the library's copy, not one you paid for
love stirling's other books--this one is a dud.i loved stirling's "islands in the sea of time" trilogy, and i also loved the first book in this series.  stirling is one of the best alternative history writers in the business, in my mind head and shoulders above turtledove and flint in his prose and his execution, but this book is one of the first books i've ever read in which almost nothing happens at all.  it is not true to your reader to use an entire book, which runs seven dollars for a paperback, to set up the third book but which does so little to advance the plot or the characters.  this book is a major disappointment.  also, i found myself wincing, even in the first book, at the emphasis on witchcraft with the main characters.  it comes across as simply ludicrous.  the best scenes in this book are the ones involving the escape from britain of the tangential british characters.  this is a very poor effort and though i plan to read book three even though i hated book two, i think a person, by reading the reviews of book two on amazon, could skip the book entirely and read book three without missing a thing
avoid it like you would the plague.it completely sucked. very long with nothing to say. author was proud of his own knowledge of the sca and wiccans, and the publishers thought that obviated the need for plot or character development. what's the worst is that the extra length is just packed full of both cliched lines and characters...i now live overseas, so i bought a bunch of books in the "4 for 3" price discount section in order to save money. this is the first one i read of the received books. if they're all this bad, i'll be avoiding that discount database in the future
missing so much....i found that everytime i started getting to like the story it would stop or change subjects or switch gears without finishing the smaller plot or finish the plot very unsatisfactory. for instance the family that was running from the baron and his men, it started out fine and then of course the rest of the wiccan army shows up and it ends. some mumbo voodoo curse and the bad guy runs away. no one bothered to help the family or find out why they were running they were just forgotten. well later they are caught stealing sheep but the point is there was no conclusion to the scene when it ended i was like "what just happened!". it misses the small points that make a world believable, most humans would have talked to the family and would offer them food or something or at the very least say the scouts could not find them. there was no humanity in the scene (which i thought it was going to show) just a chance for the wiccan horde to throw a few curses around and forget the main point of the scene which was the family running from dogs.... very bad stuff there in my opinion. i like the small things in scenes this one just made no sense...also leaving out important elements of the story. such as when the wiccan witch is talking about who would stand against the bad guy in portland she completely left out mt angel and the so-called warrior monks as an ally. granted that is something small but it sticks with me when the story drops very interesting parts like the monks. they sound interesting but are ignored, i guess being christians is not worth writing about. why are they ignored? their premise is as i said an interesting one but they are left out except for a couple of pages...there seem to be no faults in the utopian "good guys" world. there are no turn coats or spy or killers or rapist they are all perfect. except for the one scene with the girl complaining about being seduced by the young a-lister and getting with baby but that is not to show anything bad it is to show off mike bearkillers skills at being a leader to the english chap. of course he fixes the problem in 20 seconds and they walk off into the sunset and we never read about it again. the characters are just too simple even the heroes...although i like mike his wife and the english trio they are interesting. hordle is one of my favorites but i am left with an empty character in the end. of course the english trio and cpt. nobbes went from the coast of africa to portland without any detail what so ever which made it look silly. as i said though the little things make a story for me even if it would have just been a small plot about getting around south america or did they cross the pacific ocean did they meet any more ships on their travel did they stop off anywhere to give background to the over all story? i don't know it just beamed them to portland without an answer to just simple questions. did they get the prince to safety? i guess i am left to make up my own story...the mind numbing wiccans are just that mind numbing. i can not say much about them because i just skipped over most of the irrelevant rituals and such and singing it annoyed me. we can not find out what happened to the prince of wales but we can read dozens of pages of wiccan rituals and silly plots. i have nothing against wicca i know nothing about it actually but if this is what it is then it is nothing i would want to know. that might sound harsh but really if the book is accurate it is silly to me, and i am not a christian either really more agnostic i guess i know why now. i think the old roman gods would be more fitting, mars and jupiter, gods of war and the blade and bow and stuff such as that. just annoying to read all the mother earth stuff to be honest. i felt i was being fed religious propaganda half the time when reading about the disfunctional "clans". either they were either lord of the rings heroes or druids i do not know really know which i could not read the nonsense...but it is his story and i am free to read it or not and that is what it comes down too. of course there are some huge gaps missing:..what happened to the us army, marine corp, us navy? for 60 years the us military has stockpiled food and gear for such a world and even without rifles and tanks would make them a incredibly powerful force. they just went poof? the dark lord in portland would have been far better as some egotistical general carving out his own slice of the pie. tacoma washington is home to one of the largest us army bases in the country yet they just died of starvation? not to mention the numerous naval bases throughout the area. at least give an explanation such as you know they killed each other off or got vxed or something. because to be honest i would rather have the kevlar body armor and helmet of the military then chain mail from 1400. but that is just me, not my story...that is just one huge gap i kept asking about but never found an answer...i love the premise of the story i just think it was badly presented. no offense to anyone that loves it
the protectors bore.while i enjoyed most of dies the fire, by the end i was very annoyed with the juniper character, and found myself skipping over the (boring) details of her wiccan prayers and outlook. i had hopes for the protectors war, and unfortunately it's worse than it's predecessor. mckenzie and her group get far too much play, and come across as self righteous religious fanatics. the reader is dragged thru endless truly horrible chants and poems, as these people seem to have to invoke their deities with laughably stilted invocations for every thing from brushing their teeth to going into battle. i found myself skipping large chunks of this book, and the editing- switching from linear narrative to flashback in midstream- didn't help matters any. there is too much exposition, and not enough action. all in all, a boring disapointment. the third book in the series is out in hardcover, but i won't even be checking it out of the library.
not bad.i use "the notebook" and "a walk to remember" as optional films in my upper division sociology courses. after hearing many positive student responses, i was curious about sparks as an author--one of the few males writing commercially successful romance novels.  after a slow start with "true believer," i was more satisfied with "the rescue."  taylor's friendship with mitch and his emotional growth add dimension to an otherwise standard tale of boy meets girl, etc., etc.,
a bit disappointed.i have read several of nicholas sparks' books, but this one was different for me.  it was a very very slow start.  i was more than 150 pages into it before i got interested in the plot.  i had even considered quitting reading it at times.  it ended up being an okay story, but nothing that i couldn't have lived without reading.  what i did enjoy is the way mr. sparks writes about male characters in the romantic way women wish men really were.  i would suggest another read from mr. sparks like "the notebook" or "the wedding" if you want a good romantic read.
not for me.i didn't know why i chose to read this book. anyway, it was disappointing, really. the book was slow, and it was too long for a story of its type. i mean, i think the book could go on without some of the parts. when i was reading it, i only thought of putting it down because it's making me go crazy. i thought the plot was shallow, but taylor's self-conflict was even shallower. he kept on blaming himself about his father's death well then it's really his fault! he was a coward. if you don't believe me, go on and read about it... although you might get bored getting to that part because it's towards the end. and i hated it when this stupid conflict got in the way with his relationship with denise. he was acting really immature! he should have at least thought about denise but he was too selfish. it really sucked...and yes, i know that this is supposed to be a romance novel... but i kept on looking for that love factor althroughout the book. and what did i find? nothing. oh, what a waste. it's like sparks tried very hard to make the situations in the story seem romantic but as a reader, it didn't really capture the whole essence of what romantic situations should be like...if it hadn't been for my hrr (home reading report) i wouldn't have finished reading this at all...i guess i'm saying this because i'm not into this genre. love stories are fine but this one... nah
the messenger.i'am unable to get this message to anyone.  this is the second book i orderd and both books are bad.  this one starting on disc #4 all is bad..i sent back the customer card and explained my displeasure but no one has contacted me.  i had the same problem on vanishing point, the cd left will not play on my player.  i will not order another book from you. once i can see this happen, but twice is unacceptable
bruner flashes ingenuity in a overly dense form.i read bruner's book in one of my doctoral seminars which added a unique perspective on curriculums in early childhood education; however, journeying into the book and determining the main points of argument will challenge due to bruner's overly dense prose...he highlights the idea of culture defining curriculum through its langauge, customs, history, and society status, but he fails to offer examples accessible to the classroom teacher...i would recognize this book as a added addition to to any early childhood professional's library, but please prepare yourself for many re-reads
i have considered using this book as punnishment!.this is, by far, the worst book i have ever been forced to read. one star is too much. the title of this book, "the culture of education" leads the reader to believe that the author knows something about education. he toots his own horn several times in the book saying how good he is at what he does, but wouldn't someone who knows something about education be able to relay information in a more effective way? this book is entirely unreadable. for example, here is a sentence from page 106. "many of the tacit presuppositions guiding intersubjective transactions seem surprisingly incorrigible, even surprisingly inaccessible to conscious reflection." what exactly does this mean? i'll tell you what i think this book is. i think that mr. bruner is trying to impress people, while trying to make them feel stupid. if he has something to say, he should just say it! he buries whatever point he has in pretentious words such as "immutable," pontogenetically," and "hermeneutic." if you are buying this book on amazon, i suggest you also purchase the biggest dictionary they sell
not so tasty.i didn't like this book.  truth be told, i still haven't finished it, and i bought it over six months ago.  the characters are boring; the situation (while ripe with potential) drags; and the recipes don't even sound good.  i am supremely disappointed, as i usually love what nora ephron does.  bummer
over rated.i heard all of these great things about this book etc...... so i got a copy and let me tell you it was a huge let down. i can honestly say it had loads of disgusting passages that i did not find at all entertaining. the "bowel movement" chapter was totally repulsive. i found it self indulgent, he had a crappy upbringing, that does not make for a good book
shallow self-indulgence.i like to use the amazon reviews when purchasing books, especially alert for dissenting perceptions about higly rated items, which usually disuades me from a selection.  so i offer this review that seriously questions the popularity of this work - i found it smug, self-serving and self-indulgent, written by a person with little or no empathy, especially for the people he castigates. for example, his portrayal of the family therapist seems implausible and reaches for effect and panders to the."shrink" bashers of the world. this "play for effect" tone throughout the book was very distasteful to me
running with scissors.if you like strange stories, you will love "running with scissors" because it is just plain weird.  after reading this book, you will have a feeling that you just returned from the twilight zone..marty wurtz.author of deceptions and betrayal
this is sick.i picked up this book read the reviews on the cover and was up for a funny book.  the book was anything but funny.  i read about half, up to.the point where he was in a mental institution and could not read anymore..i consider myself fairly liberal but this was too over the top for me.  the graphic details of his homosexual love affair with a 33 yr. old was just sick. i am not sure where this belongs as a novel or a memoir but i.had to throw it away because i did not want my children to get a hold of it.  i found the whole thing disturbing and failed to see the humor in these sick, mentally ill characters. i started hating them for the abuse they put their children through
poor quality images.i am disappointed with the quality of the images.  they are the quality of an ink jet printer set at draft quality.  most of the images are so faded it is difficult to see at all.  i have returned this book, which is something i do once every 1000 books i order, and it is the first art book i have ever returned in my life.
title of book is a misnomer.the book, "the only investment guide you'll ever need" is a gross misnomer.  at best, the book should be entitled "a good personal finance guide".  if a person bought the book, as i did, for expert stock market investment guidance, he/she may likely be highly disappointed.  the book contains very good personal finance guidance, that's all.  way overstated with the title!
sorta boring.this being the first book i read by danielle steel i expected more than what i got since i love the moive verisons of her book. the start gives it hope but near the end you can sense the direction that the book is taking and i like alittle unpredicatable stuff
get to the point.there's nothing wrong with giving background on a subject, but mr. winchester abuses the privilege. there's no digression too minute, no reference too arcane, no place where one word can't be replaced with 100. when he does finally get to a set of pertinent points, the writing is excellent. that's what kept me from giving it a worse review. too bad those excellent parts are as rare as cashews in a tub of economy-brand mixed nuts...if you're prepared to work your way through the innumerable detractions and root out the nuggets, the book is worth your time. otherwise, pass on it.
dreadfully boring.how can a best-selling author like simon winchester take an event as exciting as the san francisco earthquake of 1906 and turn it into a tedious snooze-fest? one answer: write as if you had just discovered an adjective mine and were free to throw in extra descripitive terms on every line until listeners scream for an end to florid phrases. another: strive to break the record for most clich?s in a single paragraph. finally: write about events in 1906 as if no one but simon winchester had ever before thought about their consequences -- thus, everything in this tedious narrative becomes about simon. simon and the raccoons; simon on the failing american economy; simon attempting to reproduce american accents. this is a cd set for avoiding
so why did he play without the band.the amazing part of this tragedy is that shilits was a frequent visitor to the baths he condemns in this book even after knowing he was infected and thus infected countless other humans, directly or indirectly..this book is good only if you view it as an example of someone blaming someone else for your own destructive behavior. while this book has become a major read for those who are into "victimhood" the sad truth is that shilts is far more guilty than any of those he condemns in this book because he was the one who transmitted the virus, not the owners of the baths he paid money to in order to have his night of fun and ultimate death..shilts was sick in more ways than one when he wrote this and deserves condemnation rather than praise. good night, killer.
very difficult read.normally i like nora roberts, but this book was a very tough read. callie, the main character, was not likeable whatsoever. she was nasty throughout the entire book with a filthy mouth. she did not come across as strong or self-sufficient, just nasty. it was not entertaining, just tiresome. i started skimming towards the end because i just wanted to get through it..the end was anti-clamatic, didn't really settle the issue of two sets of parents. the last few pages were practically identical to three fates, which, incidentally was a great read.
a little silly.i just completed this book yesterday and i must confess if it was any longer i might not have.  while it was mildly entertaining, it contains little that is new or particularly informative.  the book generally repackages concepts that are written elsewhere and ties them to passages in churchill's life.  many of the comparisons seem strained.  in fact, comparing churchill's almost single-handed stand aginst tyranny with normal business competition, seems inappropriate and a little silly.      it's probably fair to say that the book contains a few kernals of wisdom which would be helpful to anyone in business, or otherwise. these kernals are relatively simple and (it seems to me) obvious.  it begs the question, why, exactly, do we need a book such as this?       the people most apt to pick-up the book in the first place are those who already have a more than passing affinity for churchill.  if so, those people will likely have read books which are more informative, historically significant, insightful and generally worthwhile.  if this is your first introduction to churchill, do not let it be your last.  overall, i think there are much better uses for all of our valuable time
another biography, but a different style..as a longtime fan of churchill, and in a position of leadership in a commercial environment, the book appeared to be excellant vacation reading. well it was but only from the 'fan' position. the author sets out with good  intentions and early in the book he relates churchill ways back into the  context of today's executive's environment. but, by the middle, and then  thereafter, he's lost his way and it becomes a bit idol worshipping with no  real relevance to application to today's leadership 'student'. at times mr  hayward really is squeezing the pips to show winston as a model to follow -  i've suggested dictation from my bathtub but so far my secretary hasn't  picked up on the idea. if you want to understand churchill it's a good  read. if it's leadership you want you'll have to browse further
not great.i'm going to say something that might sound odd: this is not a leadership book.  it deals pretty well with the everyday tasks and details of churchill's style, but strangely not his quot;executive success in the face of adversity.quot; and hayward's assertion that churchill's style is  like that of an executive seems a little red-faced: hayward spends a lot of  time defending against churchill's critics that churchill was disorganized  and a bad judge of character.  in all likelihood, he is forcing churchill  into a category that he does not belong: indeed, churchill may have been  disorganized, but he was a darn good prime minister. my opinion is that  churchill deserves more than this. in place of this book, i would recommend  lincoln on leadership
terrible for the teenagers.as a 14 year old girl spending my entire summer reading this book was possibly the worst thing my teacher could have done to me. i can definately see how some older people could somehow get into it but its really just not that good in my perspective, to me the symbolism made no sense i didnt understand what they were saying most of the time and i'm an honor roll student with straight a's in english. i really deeply and truly do not suggest this book to anyone that is a teenager because it will bore you to death. it did me. pips character was too boring estella was too much of a brat miss havisham was too shrill, the only good part of this book was herbert. he was the only one i liked. my mother loved this book and is now driving me insane with how much she is into it. yes, this book has given dickens a bad name in my mind although he may not be a bad writer. i can usually somewhat get into english literature but this was just about all i could bear.in a nutshell...its definately a college read.
what the dickens is dickens thinking?.this book has nothing to do with anyone expecting anything great, so i hate it! this book is perhaps one of the greatest books of all time, but i hate it, because the title is misleading. what the dickens does the author think he's doing giving this book a title like that!
interesting and disappointing.when i received this book i was really eager to read it. the whole storyline appealed to me and i was convinced, based on the first few chapters, that i would enjoy it.  i'm not sure when i changed my mind.  maybe it was after reading countless details about historical and political china when i just wanted to know more about the main characters.  sometimes i felt as if the author couldn't decide if she wanted to write a history book or a love story.  while her descriptions of the surrounding enviroments within the book were very colorful and evocative, the presentation of historical events taking place was a bit on the boring side.  i found myself fighting the urge to just skip over those parts.  also, the ending (which i won't give away) sort of left me feeling cheated. i suppose i could've overlooked all of those things except for one thing.  the fact is, the main character just isn't very interesting or likeable.  to me, that's a deal-breaker
good enough to make you wish it were better..i have mixed feelings about this quasi-romance novel about an american teacher named hope and po-yu (paul), her chinese student. on one hand, it was often very interesting, as ms. liu gives a lot of historical detail about san francisco and china. on the other hand, the characters were rather shallow. i didn't find hope, who oddly resembled a whiny yuppie of the present day, particularly appealing. po-yu was far more interesting, and was portrayed with some complexity and depth. the romance between hope and po-yu rang false for me. ("honey, i first fell in love with you when i realized it was required for the plot to progress!") i still can't see what attracted them to each other. also, did anyone else notice that any slight against hope is recorded with meticulous detail (the rampant racism against chinese at that time seems glossed over in comparison although it is mentioned), but ms. liu has some pretty crude stereotypes in this novel: a hearty blonde swede, a drunk, surly irishwoman, and hope's one-sided-ly disagreeable mother-in-law to name a few. also, she takes some pretty cheap shots at two groups it is still politically correct to demonize: all the britons in the book are "right-o, jolly-good" bigots, and all the christians are consistently hypocritical, or stupid, or both. in addition, much of the middle of the book is bogged down in political discussions that try so hard to be interesting that they're just the opposite. and to top it all off, the ending was forced. this novel could have been so much better: as this book is based on the lives of her grandparents, she obviously had some fascinating material to work with. and one more quibble: one of hope and po-yu's daughters is named jennifer pearl. in 1908 the name jennifer pretty much existed in only one place in the world: cornwall, uk
the horrible effects of cancer.i used to admire this woman.  she was smart.  she inspired me when i was young.  it is a shame, however, to see her intellectual decline in her last years.  was this the effect cancer had on her brain?  first, i can't understand how a book written with more heart and passion than brain and analysis can be called "the force of reason."   she appeals to our feelings and fears more to our rationality.  second, she conviniently chooses historical events that only prove her point sometimes ignoring undeniable facts.  for instance, she quietly forgot the role of christianity in the conquest of the americas and the slaughter of the indian races.  or the role religion played to justify the worst atrocities of the european powers.  and what about the survival of catholicism in spain in spite of eight centuries  of muslim domination?  yes, there were churches and  synagogues in muslim spain.  this manifesto doesn't look very different from those fascists wrote about jews in europe in the 1930s.   poor woman.
gets you only halfway there.i listened to a cd from the library.  then bought the book, simply to get the one-time use id code required to take the test.   for about 20 bucks, you get a quick guesstimate of your strengths.    i'm a bit disappointed, at the lack of direction, e.g..deliberative.ideation.learner.analytical.intellection...with only a small paragraph describing each strength...if you are serious, i would suggest spending serious money.  for example, about 4 years ago, i paid $2500 for a psychologist to administer a full battery of iq tests to my son (6 year-old taking 6 or 7 hours of tests)  for $2500 i received a 30 page detailed report on how to best teach my gifted son.  if you are looking for true insight as to career change, i would think that you would be better off investing some real money.  twenty bucks only gets you thinking about a journey, but provides little in the way of a road map.  if it happens to help you, great. to me, the book is more an appetizer than a full meal.  the website informs you that you can have additional guidance for about $2000.  if you have that kind of coin, i would advise you skip the book and have testing administered by a psychologist in your neighborhood, so that you get advice tailored specifically to you.
ok~ but i think the keirsey temperment test is more accurate - and cheaper..this book has its good points. if anything, it helps you put into words what you want  from a supervisor, but it is not very accurate. the online test does not account for a difference between when 2 of their options are both exactly like you, or if they don't describe you at all. this messes up the results, and it did not describe me very well. i am not just in denial. i have taken a lot of personality type tests, like the keirsey temperment sorter and have a pretty good idea of my strengths. so, although this book is pretty good in making you understand the importance of incouraging your strengths, it still leaves you wondering about how you fit in to their terminology...as for using this book as a manager to better serve your employees, i'v seen it done and it does not necessarily work because the strengths spit out for people were not wholly accurate. the company i work for has done this, and most of the people who were shifted around to better serve their strengths (according to this book) are very unhappy in their new positions...your money can be spent better elsewhere. i say its only worth about $10
trite tripe.this is a sad effort and sadder still that these ideas were published. the fact that any publisher believes that readers of social history would be interested in such a twisted analysis of the nature of man/woman and the development of societies is indeed sad. mcelvaine is a longtime self promoting boor stuck in a jerkwater academic environment with way too much time for idle pondering. his imagination worked overdrive to produce this piece of fantasy. i guess if any of us had enough time on our hands we too could construct elaborate theories on the 'nature of things' and put enough of a self-loathing feminist slant on it to attract a fringe readership. that's what happened here. don't waste your time. a disturbing aspect to this is that he's teaching the next generation of leaders
the first farmers.this is not one of the better books i have read on history that predates mankind.  before reading the book i knew that women were the first farmers.  the author uses this fact as the basis for thousands of years of discrimination against women.  i do not buy the argument
over rated.i heard all of these great things about this book etc...... so i got a copy and let me tell you it was a huge let down. i can honestly say it had loads of disgusting passages that i did not find at all entertaining. the "bowel movement" chapter was totally repulsive. i found it self indulgent, he had a crappy upbringing, that does not make for a good book
running with scissors.if you like strange stories, you will love "running with scissors" because it is just plain weird.  after reading this book, you will have a feeling that you just returned from the twilight zone..marty wurtz.author of deceptions and betrayal
this is sick.i picked up this book read the reviews on the cover and was up for a funny book.  the book was anything but funny.  i read about half, up to.the point where he was in a mental institution and could not read anymore..i consider myself fairly liberal but this was too over the top for me.  the graphic details of his homosexual love affair with a 33 yr. old was just sick. i am not sure where this belongs as a novel or a memoir but i.had to throw it away because i did not want my children to get a hold of it.  i found the whole thing disturbing and failed to see the humor in these sick, mentally ill characters. i started hating them for the abuse they put their children through
bored me to tears.....i read the other reviews praising this book and have to assume that i was not in the right space to appreciate this book when i read it. this was the most boring piece of literature ever written. i know it was a period piece/coming of age story etc., but pages upon pages of people picking cotton, talking about cotton, and talking about picking cotton...zzzzzz....it took me forever to finish because i kept passing out and having nightmares of- yep, cotton
not funny.i have read several of hiaasen's books and loved them.  they were very funny.  this one is not.  it is an endless description of naked strippers.  i found the main character, erin, to be very unappealing.  she is just so stupid.  her problems are all of her own creation.  and she is not funny.  i think you have to be a man to like this book.  i, as a woman, just found it exceedingly boring.  i kept waiting for it to get funny.  it never did
what kids would this stuff.recomendations for setting up a new kitchen good.  the rest is poo
get to the point!.this was another pinker book i couldn't finish. if he was a taxi-driver he would take you from brooklyn to new york via san francisco. sometimes even his asides have asides! perhaps like pulp fiction writers he gets paid by the word
robert wyatt.asks, in one of his compositions, how one might expect a spider to comprehend arachnophobia
the blind programmer.don't be seduced by pinkermania; he's trapped in a little box and he won't be taking a look around anytime soon. edward oaks couldn't have said it better in his review:..http://www.firstthings.com/ftissues/ft9803/articles/oakes.htm
this book has a special place in my heart.this is one of those rare treats in the literary world that grab your attention, keep you enthralled, and refuse to let you stop reading.  i read this book and literally did not sleep one night because i was too busy trying to finish the book.  but what makes this book so rare is not because of how good it is, but it's because how good everything is until the very end.  that's right, the incredible cop-out of an ending made me mad enough to hate the entire novel.  this is "deus ex machina" in its finest form.  this is unexcusable in my opinion.  i just don't get it.  i just don't understand how one can (seemingly) work so hard on a work of fiction only to screw everyone in the final pages.  i gave it two stars (as opposed to one) for fooling everyone into reading through this book.  this is by far and away my most dissappointing reading ever
what was with the ending??!!!???!?!!!!!!??????.it's probably been 15 years since i read it, and every person in the years since with whom i have discussed this book has said the same thing...it was literally a book that kept me up until 3 a.m. - and that is how it ends?  i'm hoping dr. crichton had a publishing deadline or something.
beautiful beginning / painful (illogical) ending.i hope the ending is illogical at least and is fiction. if thoughts are that powerful, they need to be resrained earlier. i don't know who survivied but he might feel very guilty about the others earlier and question if he had to survive. logic can be quite painful when left alone, but sometimes it has to be
underwater close encounter of the boring kind.this 1987 thriller focuses on norman johnson, a psychologist who specializes in large disasters like plane crashes.  as the novel opens he is being taken to an undisclosed site by the us navy.  johnson learns that the crash site is located 1000 feet under the south pacific and the craft is some sort of a space craft.  he was been included because of work he did sometime before organizing a first contact team for a previous administration, an assignment that johnson would just as soon forget...once the team is taken to the navy deep sea facility and begins to study the craft johnson begins to find disturbing circumstances - that the navy commander has been less than honest with both the team and his superiors and that the craft itself bears a remarkable similiarity to current human technology, labels and directions are even written in english, leading the team to question just how alien this technology really is.  the suspense continues to build as the undersea facility loses their support ships above due to inclement weather and then conditions in the facility itself begins to turn hostile...this novel is quite predictable, just a few pages into the story it is obvious to anyone who has ever seen a disaster movie that there will be no comforting support ships nearby, that the undersea environment will become threatening, there will be many deaths, there will be sexual tension between the hero and someone else and so on.  while there is some slight redemption in the last few pages this book is a big disappointment, crichton is capable of so much more.  if you are a fan read it but be forewarned, if you are unfamiliar with his work begin with anything but this.
a long newspaper article.....the author could have done much more with her subject.  many anecdotes in the book suggest sandy weill is a complex character.  for example, weill is presented at the same time as a monumentally frugal, yet ridiculously lavish executive.  at one point he won't allow an acquired company to subsidize employee transportation to work, yet later insists it subsidize his own by maintaining a corporate jet.  unfortunately she never addresses the question: how can weill demand his troops run such an efficient operation while paying himself so exorbitantly?  other, similar paradoxes also emerge which suggest weill is a very complex individual.  but the author never treats him as such...in the last analysis her book is a patchwork of news articles that discuss different chapter's of weill's life and career.  to sew the articles together into a coherent story, the author suggests that weill's stunning ascent is driven by his simple desire to be accepted by the waspy wall street powerbrokers who won't let a jew join their club.  perhaps that is the overarching goal that has driven weill for the past 40 years.  but it raises interesting questions that the author doesn't address...i'm a jew in finance and jews have been very well-represented on wall street for some time now.  weill is presented as having been driven to create citigroup by his notion that he was still being excluded from the waspy wall street club.  but by this point we're into the nineties and any exclusive waspy club had long since been abolished.  so all of a sudden weill comes off as pathologically insecure, which is intriguing.  but the author doesn't elaborate...this is a good book if you want a run down of sandy weill's career.  no other author has compiled so much information about the man in one place.  but all that information confirms that weill himself is a very complex man; to do her complex subject justice, the author would have had to do much more with this book
you're fired..i don't so much mind the money i wasted on this book, it's the time that bothers me. bill rancic, you're fired
a book about what overconfidence can do to a person..i really do congratulate bill rancic for being hired by one of the richest man in the world. but being hired does not mean that bill rancic just became the next bill gates or warren buffet...great to know that you take yourself very very highly mr.rancic. your going to fit fine in the trump organization, but seriously dont over do yourself...i'd rather retake my 'x100 intro to business administration' class in my college than to buy this book
bill, a sad ending to a good show.bill is very boring typically talks about business tips you already know.  the show was much better, you should buy that.  kwame is much smater and deserved the job.  i can tell that this book is another promotional tool.  don't waste even a cent on this book
repellent sale of conservativism.the fatalistic view of conservativism is expressed by kirk even before the first chapter concludes as he states, "[edmund] burke, could he see our century, never would concede that a consumption-society, so near suicide, is the end for which providence has prepared man".  but wait. the conservative mind was first published in 1953, the mythical golden age of america with ward and june cleaver and normal rockwell. meanwhile, burke, a contemporary of the 18th century is pining for the 14th century. what a depressing ideology to think that we always live in the worst of times...there are certain ideological threads that carry throughout the book including a belief in the stratification of society. voting should be the privilege of a small minority rather than universal democracy which kirk saw as contributing to a degradation of society. kirk writes, "what men really are seeking, or ought to seek, is not the right to govern themselves, but the right to be governed well" but what he offers is a lack of true representation. the author pines for the days of the aristocrat and although he defines the elites by wealth, intellect and lineage he clearly includes race and gender. is it so surprising that kirk lauds some of the worst racists in american history like nathanial bedford forrest whom he describes as `magnificent' before quoting his racist vitriol? in a particularly galling move he referrers to pro-slavery advocate john c. calhoun as a `defender of minorities' and praises john randolph for, among other things, opposing doctrines of racial equality. kirk goes on about calhoun's support for states rights but his support only extended to southern states as he supported the fugitive slave act which forced federal officials and law officials in northern states to return runaway slave under penalty of $1000 fine. he supported laws that would make it illegal for northerners to even protest slavery. for calhoun states rights were nothing more than a self serving attempt to keep slavery safe. kirk shows his own racist stripes when he refers to northern `anti-slavery agitation' and supports calhoun for choosing racial preservation over liberty, although calhoun has an extremely warped view of liberty. one wonders if kirk could even fathom the supreme irony in stating the calhoun mounted a `strong protest against domination by class or region'...another thread is his desire to see the reunification of church and state. the duty of the church is to keep the unclean masses in line. quoting samuel coleridge, the author makes it clear that the truth or falsity of the church is irrelevant; it is an institution that must be preserved as the primary means of social control. sounding like the inspiration for disgraced chief justice roy moore, russell kirk urges that, "state and church ought never to be separate entities, true religion is not merely an expression of national spirit; it rises far superior to earthly law, being, indeed, the source of all law". kirk sees a difference between the faulty laws of man and the laws of god but never draws a distinction. i have to wonder if, like the modern reconstructionist, kirk wanted to see the laws of leviticus imposed including executing homosexuals and blasphemers. he never explains how one might recognize a law of god besides using prejudice...the third thread would be kirk's anti-intellectual (or perhaps pro-stupid) stance. he refers to human reason as `puny' and `impotent' and claims that we find the mind of god in prejudice and tradition. `prejudice', he writes, `is of ready application in the emergency; it previously engages the mind in a steady course of wisdom and virtue, and does not leave the man hesitating in the moment of decision, skeptical, puzzled, and unresolved'. actually what he is advocating is for the general population to turn over rational thought to the church and those higher up the social chain. citizens are encouraged to exhibit awe and veneration for god and those in higher stations and authority...in order to grab the golden fleece of populism conservatives have lately had to abandon overt stratification although veneration of wealth is certainly still evident. like calhoun the support for states rights remains a complete faade. i found russell kirk's salesmanship of conservativism generally repellent but recommend the book because it remains a fairly enlightening view of an ideology that continues to thrive to this day.
the little white horse.based on a storyline from the 1800's, this book, in this day and age, is verging on child pornography, child neglect and promiscuous language.  i can see its value for literary purposes with much expressive language, however, the heroine of this book is 13yrs old at the beginning of the book, is treated as a child throughout, the story advances by just days at a time and yet in the end she marries in the next spring at the age of 13 or 14yrs.  some of the language used is so 1940's and has developed alternate meanings over the time frame of 60+ years.  some very good escapist scenes, however, it will be interesting to see what they do to this novel to clean it up for the 21st century movie that is planned. when there are so many other thousands of good storylines to choose from, why did movie makers choose this one
maybe don't bother..i agree with the reviews that consider this book a pretentious, self-indulgent, ego-fest. wallace is obviously highly intelligent, and every minute of this book seems designed to remind us of that...it all starts off well enough. the characters are quirky and interesting. at first. and wallace does a good enough job of setting up a curious chain of events to keep the reader reading and wondering what's going to happen. but nothing ever really happens. and at some point i just grew sick of the characters and their weird little lives...ultimately, this just felt like what happens when a really smart person decides to write something as a way to experiment with and exhibit his own intellect. and while that exercise may have been rewarding for wallace, it wasn't so terribly rewarding for the reader.
what distinguishes a good joke from a bad joke?.there might be a good idea for a joke - but it just does not come out funny. that's about all i can say about this amazingly overrated book. seems to have all the ingredients to be good: great ohio desert (g.o.d) - funny, the names of the people - funny, and so on. came out to be - just boring. pretentious dull dialogue. pretentious dull characters. i was reading it in a morbid disbelief, that lasted for more than half of the book. it is very unusual for me to stop reading a book once i passed the halfbook mark - i usually want to know "what happened". it kept me going here for some more pages - and then i decided: nothing of it really happened, does not matter, waste of time. none of the characters, surroundings or events were in any way interesting
diary of a madman..it's not too difficult to understand how "behold a pale horse" has become "the best selling underground book of all time"(according to a blurb on one pro-cooper website)--after all, people want to(and do) believe in outlandish things. the problem with the late bill cooper's book is that it damages any serious attempt to examine the reasonable premise that every aspect of world affairs is controlled by a handful of wealthy, powerful men. cooper believed this, cooper was a nut...therefore it follows that everyone who agrees with the basic hypothesis is a nut, too. rightly or wrongly, this is what people believe. (if you're looking for a serious treatment of this subject, albeit from the pov of someone who thought it was a good thing, take a gander at carroll quigley's monumental "tragedy and hope".).to all the "if you can't handle the truth, don't read this book!" reviewers who know little to nothing about bill cooper: i invite you to do a google search on the man and acquaint yourselves with another truth, the real truth. milton william cooper was a certifiable headcase. numerous former friends and acquaintances have described him as a hard-drinking, ill-tempered, violent man who was incredibly easy to fool. cooper's contention that john f. kennedy was killed by william greer, the driver of his limo in dallas, is of course well-known...but he also believed, and told audiences at his lectures, that the aliens on the fox television show "alien nation" were real aliens. he wasn't kidding. cooper would hear or read an outlandish tidbit of information, then take it--and repeat it!--as gospel. fellow "fringe" writers and researchers like bob lazar shunned cooper after he accused them of being government agents who were out to discredit him. there was, of course, no need for anyone else to discredit him: he took care of that himself. nowhere in this rambling patchwork quilt of a book(mostly documents and articles from other sources, really, with a comment here and there by cooper himself) is there a shred of proof to back up his extraordinary claims. cooper made no attempt to verify the info he included, and it would have been impossible to do so in almost every instance, anyhow..i'll go on record as saying that i believe the circumstances of cooper's death were suspicious. i feel badly for the man because he came to such an ignoble end, and because his affection for his wife and daughter is so evident in the foreword to "pale horse". this was a human being with real feelings...but he was very, very disturbed. there are countless other books which examine this subject more rationally; so many that "behold a pale horse" should never become any conspiracy theorist's bible.
nut case.type cooper's name into google and learn about what a nut job he really was.  he allegedly threatened a neighbor with a hand gun.  a court issued an arrest warrant.  when two deputy sheriffs attempted to serve the warrant he shot one of them.  they returned fire, killing him
unanswered prayers.having never read a book by danielle steel but seen and liked a few of the movies adapted from her novels, i was looking forward to reading answered prayers, since i usually always find the books more deep and interesting. sadly, i couldn't have been more disappointed... the first thing that bothered me about this novel, was the amount of repetition it has. i was just through the first few pages of the first chapter, and i was already being told things (usually insignificant) which i had just read a few lines before..secondly, the moment brad is introduced into the plot, i could foresee with certainty, how it was going to unravel and how the book would eventually end. so as not to dampen my enthusiasm and continue reading, i reasoned that if the plot was going to be so predictable, the book couldn't possibly be danielle steel's "number one bestseller" as the cover proclaims...seems like i have a grave misconception regarding the criteria needed to make a book a "bestseller"...the major flaw of this novel is that it desperately lacks imagination. even the main characters themselves and their situations are mirror images of each other. faith is sweet and caring, has two daughters who have grown up and left to live on their own, leaving her feeling lonely and sad. her husband is cold, unreligious and gives her no attention..brad is sweet and caring, has two sons who have grown up and left to live on their own, leaving him feeling lonely and sad. his wife is cold, unreligious and gives him no attention. even faith's "deep dark secret" is too unoriginal, and it is revealed to the reader at the very early stages of the book, leaving no room for curiosity and suspense...halfway through the book, i was so bored that i considered giving up reading it altogether. however i kept pushing on, praying that some twist to the plot would miraculously materialize somewhere, to at least make reading answered prayers worthwhile... unlike faith however, my prayers remained unanswered... it's going to require a lot of will power to attempt reading a danielle steel novel again...
too drawn out.normally i don't take the time to write a review, but this book just bugged me.  when i finished i felt like i had run a marathon.  the book was just too drawn out and i felt the descriptions were long winded.  faith was a little too unbelieveable even though she was abused and had little self esteem.  the plot was good, but moved slowly.  i am typically not drawn to danielle steel books and probably with good reason that i never seem to like them very much.  i am glad that this book was in a box of 30+ books that i paid $15 for at a used book store.  i would have felt like i wasted my money had i actually paid full price for it
a waste of time....read the first few chapters and the last few pages.  as usual, the remaining 300 pages were just repetition.  danielle steele should come up with a new "formula" (as mentioned in previous reviews) or tuck her pen away once and for all.
hated it!!!.this has to be one of the worst written books i ever read.  i can't believe there are so many ways to say the same thing. so far, danielle steel has found a way in the first third of this book.  i just can't read the rest of it. generally, if a book isn't very good i can suffer through.  this one has gotten on my last nerve.  i had stopped reading her books because they had become so predictable.  but, i don't think i will be reading anymore of her books.  it's an insult to nora roberts and sandra brown for her to be ranked with them
could have, would have, shoud have....this could have been one of the most important books of the year. scott ritter provides important, but tangential, information related to israel's influence over u.s. foreign policy, the history of the iaea in iran, and the theory of regime change as the real reason for u.s. "concern" over iran's nuclear weapons infrastructure...unfortunately, mr. ritter misses on two counts. first, he offers little direct insight into the bush administration's policy-making process. and second, someone forgot to edit the book. we are talking about gross grammatical errors, periods in the middle of a sentence, and even a sentence that is punctuated with both a question mark and a period. it is painful to read some of the paragraphs because they are so poorly constructed (at first, i thought my eyes were tired)...at least this book attempts to offer something better than the pablum provided by major media and npr. it does provide some real insights into the workings of the iaea, israeli intelligence and exiled leaders-in-waiting who often lead u.s. policy astray...mr. ritter is at his best when he stays close to his area of expertise - weapons inspections. this topic requires far more than that
really now....do you look like this person on the cover? if not, you may want to rethink this book. i got it as a gift but plan on "regifting" it soon. it makes yoga a game of accomplishment rather than an honest practice for normal people. interesting asana is fine for those who are truly moved and have a body that is capible of accomplishing it, but the real goal of yoga is to help you do a practice that enhances your life, not to spend your life trying to accomplish gymnastics designed for young indian boys. for a different view, take a look at "the yoga of heart" by mark whitwell.
what liberal media? what round earth?.alterman tries to deny the obvious left-wing bias of the media through fallacious arguments. for one, he compares complaints of liberal bias with complaints about media bias against minorities. in actuality, at one time, minorities were in fact seldom shown on tv, and then almost always in negative, stereotyped roles (e. g., black maids, asian coolies). but those times have changed. not so with the liberal bias. in fact, i sensed the liberal bias of the media even as a child, long before i knew what a liberal even was. i saw the constant glorification of hippies and those who protested the war in vietnam, while there was complete silence on the cruelties of the communists. at that time, i wondered why. now i know...alterman tries vainly to ridicule the expose of liberal media bias by stating that there would have to be some sort of conspiracy in order for there to be a bias. in actuality, since most journalists are liberals, no conspiracy of any kind is necessary for a liberal bias to exist. liberals simply do what comes naturally to them. as it stands, when a new set of democratic phraseology arises, it almost simultaneously is spoken also by members of the mainstream media. this proves that there is some degree of organized collusion between the media and the democratic party...every election cycle, it is the same. every charge against a republican is publicized, no matter how trivial. democrats are coddled-unless their conduct is so egregious that it cannot possibly be ignored. whenever jesse jackson opens his mouth, especially against republicans, he gets profuse, uncritical coverage, no matter how racially inflammatory and baseless his accusations are. conservative blacks get almost no coverage...alterman tells us that "when it bleeds, it leads". nice try, but this does not absolve the media of its left-wing bias. there is a double standard against violence. violence against homosexuals is reported, while violence by homosexuals is not. right wing violence (e. g., abortion clinic bombings) is demonized, while left wing violence is not. the persecution of christians worldwide has received almost zero coverage in the mainstream media, because it does not fit their agenda of who a victim is. one can go on and on.
save yourself before it's too late..to "hinkle goldfarb's" review, i would like to add several observations..alterman claims that the drop in viewership of the network news was due to the rise in cable news and the dividing up of the same audience among more channels, and not to any liberal bias. he leaves unanswered the question why a significant number of viewers would shift from network to cable. could it be that the interviewers at fox, for example, were asking questions that network reporters were not?.i also picked up on alterman's assertion that the msm's inclusion of conservatives is proof they are not liberal. william f. buckley's "firing line" was considered conservative, but virtually 50% of the time was given to liberal guests to express their views, especially in the formal debates. fox's special report with brit hume has maura liason (a reasonable liberal) and the ridiculously insufferable juan williams (both of pbs), but is also considered by alterman to be a conservative program. i was completely floored by his statement that cokie roberts of abc is a conservative!.bottom line on this book is the same liberal attitude: liberals are moderate; conservatives are extreme rightists.
what is the man smoking....?.if mr. alterman just watched a nightly news cast of cnn, which are full of liberals and how they blast any and everything that does not agree with their limited perception of reality, then he would know that this is standard for all news on cable and web, tear apart the truth and just form a limited perception of reality. uneducated viewers eat this liberal trash up like mcdonalds fast food, however those who know better, avoid it because it can be damaging to one's mental health, but then again mr. alterman just wrote this book for the money, even if he makes a fool of himself doing it
riddled with errors.other reviewers have pointed out the errors eric alterman makes in this book, like saying that the u.s. was under the kyoto protocol.  that was particularly annoying.  he needs to stop writing his books on the back of cocktail napkins
coulda, shoulda been 100 pages shorter... for speed readers only..while i enjoyed reading the first half of this book, the second was pure agony. i actually started to skim through most of the pages until i reached the end.  it is dense with detail; almost too dense. for instance, finney spends way too much time describing an office building ablaze in fire. his descriptions are interesting for about 3 pages, but by page 10 of the fire, i was completely and totally bored. now, i'm not saying fiction should always be a "quick, easy read". quite the contrary. i found finney's writing to be refreshing. but c'mon folks, this book should have been 100-150 pages shorter. (strictly for over-the-top romance lovers).
motivating.kim shows how investing for women can be very real and her approach is down to earth. she triggers thoughts with stories and examples shows the reader that no matter where you are at in life you can do this
rich woman.don't waste your time with rich woman. just read rich dad poor dad. the book rich woman is nothing but a advertisement for their books and seminars. f
extended autobiography.90% of this book is about kim and her husband and how they got to where they are. there is very little information on how to actually go about investing. she's a good cheerleader, not so good on passing along good advice
two books for the price of one.i have had the isbn 0449214923 version of this book for a number of years and as it has travelled many miles it's got rather tatty...so i purchased this edition...within the first 1/2 hour of reading, the spine split into two...also, it is a shabby printing as the subheadings in bold have the centers of the characters filled in...i recommend the book, but not this edition/printing
goes against god.i read this as a relatively young woman, and lord did it make an impression on me.  it features many passages endorsing beastiality, something i find morally reprehensible.  if you agree, then bingo! you now know to steer clear of this garbarge.  i'm not an advocate of book-burning, but i wouldn't mind throwing a few copies of this on a bonfire.
god awful.again i bought this book because of the outstanding reviews and am sadly disappointed.  this is junk.  not one of the three stories is entertaining.  the only positive i can say is that it has a similar feel to gene wolfe but that is like saying an ant is similar to a man because it has legs, so just forget it, this blows
flagrant right-wing propaganda.one could right an honest right-wing history, i suppose, by sticking to the facts.  paul johnson's propaganda is simply lying.  as just one instance of this, paul johnson assures the reader that president johnson was reluctant to escalate the vietnam war.  he further assures us:  "there is no evidence, as was later alleged, that the incident was contrived, to get america deeper into the war."   and further:  "but congress, by an overwhelming majority, passed . . . the "tonkin gulf resolution' authoring the president to take vigorous measure to protect us forces."  one would think that if he going to make such a claim that he should at least explain why the pentagon papers so explicitly state that the official account of the tonkin gulf attack was a deliberate deception.  in the october harper's article, "the next war," daniel ellsberg claims to have had drawerfuls of critical working papers, memos, estimates, and detailed escalation options revealing the evolving plans of the johnson administration for a wider war, expected to commence soon after the election."  though far more inclined to trust ellsberg than johnson, either paul or lyndon, i admittedly have no way of knowing who is telling the truth, but i have not heard that the pentagon papers were not genuine...when johnson is not simply lying, he uses facts to support a viewpoint which he himself must know to not be true.  "support for intensifying the war was always greatest among the under thirty-fives," (at least prior to november 1968, "by which time the decision to get out had already been taken)."  (by whom)?  considering that the young had been nursed on heroic world war ii movies, trained in blind "patriotism" and educated in such a manner as to preclude questioning governmental authority, what else was to be expected?  once we woke up to what had been done to us, we, the american people, most definitely lost our stomach for the war.  with "historians" like paul johnson, it is not surprising that another generation has been duped..(peter payne, author of captain california battles the beelzebubian beasts of the bible)
great, perhaps, for english majors, but boring for my bookclub..american pastoral was repetitious to the nth degree. i read the human stain a few years ago, and it was good.  but, in pastoral, the reader is put through a zillion permutations of possible dialogs between the swede and a psychoanalyst, and between his daughter merry and a psychoanalyst, but absent the psychoanalyst: roth is our psychoanalyst. what he misses, however, is that we simply have to realize that interpersonal dynamics are sometimes beyond our control. the swede never failed as a father; rather, he failed because he couldn't let go of his sense of responsibility for her
much to much introspection.i agree with the reviewer who said this work is boring. it seems roth is trying to glorify philip roth and not the characters. he goes on and on describing the overwhelming feelings zuckermann has for "the swede", without letting us know who the swede really is. roth should let the characters tell the story or try to use less erudition in his narration..it gets to the point where the reader loses interest in finishing the book. i loved the plot against american because it was more character based than philosophizing about about the historical context of the times
another bogus book from coren.do dogs understand language?  do they have their own syntax and grammar?  stanley coren thinks so.  or maybe, as with many of his other books, he's only pretending to believe what he says in order to pique people's interest and sell more copies.....the words we use in dog training are actually irrelevant.  since i train dogs in manhattan, i often find myself on an elevator with one or more dogs.  when the door closes i'll say, "what do we do on an elevator?" and they'll all sit.  this often charms and surprises the other elevator occupants who may say something like, "look!  they understand every word you say!"..not really.  i trained the dogs to do this by first saying "what do we do on an elevator?-we sit."  once that pattern was established, the dogs were able to make the leap from "what do we do on an elevator?" to "sit" quite easily.  in fact, i could have as easily trained them to do this by using nonsense words, gobbledygook, ridiculous sounds that have no meaning at all.  so it isn't my words or syntax the dogs are responding to, it's my intent, my body language, my tone of voice (all carrying emotional information), and a previously established pattern of behavior...stanley coren should know this better than anyone since one of his dogs is deaf, yet still obeys him.  why?  because of his body language and a previously established pattern of behavior, not because the dog "understands" his words.  coren would say that the dog understands his hand signals the same way the hearing-impaired understand sign language.  but looked at objectively it's far more likely that the dog's response to hand signals is still just part of a previously established pattern of behavior, not a linguistic or cognitive process...coren would still disagree.  he claims that certain vocalizations made by dogs can be grouped together, which he takes to mean that there's a kind of syntax or grammar at work.  i'm sorry, stan, but real language doesn't operate on such a simplistic level.  and while it may seem brave and controversial of coren (who has a degree in psychology, not linguisics or animal behavior) to disagree with noam chomsky about the nature of language, at this stage in the development of linguistic science that's a bit like a high school sophmore disagreeing with sir isaac newton about gravity...look, it's fairly obvious to anyone who really understands dogs that the reason certain yips, barks, growls, etc. are sometimes used together and others aren't (which isn't always true, by the way -- it depends on the dog), is that each vocalization comes from an emotional, not a cognitive state.  in other words, certain emotions -- like fear and aggression -- may be felt by the animal simultaneously, while others -- calmness and fear -- can't be.  it's not grammar or syntax, it's emotion, pure and simple...even if coren hadn't thought this through from an emotional point of view, if he'd spent any time at all studying comparative neuroanatomy he'd know that a dog's brain has no broca's area, which makes linguistic ability totally impossible.  but as with other books he's written (his left-hander syndrome was notorious for being based on false data), coren doesn't seem to care much about the truth...still, i have to admit that it's hard not to buy into this myth because as human beings we're constantly explaining our feelings and experiences to ourselves through our thoughts and inner monologues, or to others through conversations, letters, etc.  as a result we're almost forced, by the way our brains work, to supply a similar linguistic medium for a dog's feelings and behaviors when no such medium or ability exists...i trained my dog to respond in a certain way whenever i ask him a certain question.  and i have to admit, i like the way it feels when i say to him, "do you love me?" and he wags his tail, comes over, puts his paws on my chest, and licks my nose.  does he understand the meaning of that sentence when i say it to him?  of course not.  but i know he understands the emotion...it's a shame that coren doesn't get this fundamental difference between real linguistic understanding and pure emotion, particularly when the misinformation he disseminates in this book can be detrimental to the relationship between you and your dog, a relationship that should be based on real and, quite often, wonderful emotions, not on any imaginary ability to use and understand language...if i could i'd give this book no stars at all
absurdity.i'm not a big fan of existentialism to start out with, but i began this play expecting at least to find an interesting theme or philosophy concerning the nature of life and existence.  this work, however, is pure tripe.  critical appraisal should not even be attempted for this drivel- it's akin to the random scribblings of a two-year old or a mud-splattered canvas.  the drawing on the front cover has more artistic value than this play.  in my mind, it doesn't merit serious consideration and analysis, because it is by nature pure absurdity and nonsense.  beckett sure accomplished his goal though- look how many reviewers commented on the "extremely difficult themes" and "brilliant artistry" of the play
not very useful.considering the size of the book i was disappointed in the lack of information and meanings given. they are mostly one word meanings, if there is a meaning at all. mostly it seems like it wants to take you in a big circle of reference from one name to the next never quite giving you what you are looking for. it wasn't helpful for me. i found "the babyname wizard" book a lot more informative and helpful
knockoff of 50,001.this book bears an amazing similarity to 50,001 best baby names, by diane stafford. but hers is better because it's the original. shame on you
lady  sons savannah country cookbook.i cannot bring myself to cook anything from these books.  the recipes include too much fat.  recipes that include large amounts of butter, cream, cheese and creamed commercial soups are both too rich and salty.  i'll bet they taste wonderful, however. creating such fattening dishes is irresponsible.  also i resent having to use paula's prepared mixes as part of her ingredients, eventhough she does offer the recipes to create substitutions for them...i have watched the tv cooking programs and enjoyed them.  the food she cooks has always looked delicious though rich.  paula's accent is lovely to listen to, and her presentation is beautiful...photos of the finished dishes would have been extremely welcomed.  also, the quality of book paper was poor.  i really should simply return the books and might do that.  only 1 star from me, if that...disappointed.
the house is not a home run.the pretentious photo of the author in a flowing ballgown on the back cover should have been the first warning.  i've never read a danielle steel before and i won't be speeding to the nearest barnes  noble to get another one.  other reviewers have commented on the annoying amount of repetition;  i picked up on that before reading the reviews.  there have also been suggestions that steel needs an editor.  for gawd's sake, she writes for one of the biggest publishers in the world!  they must have hundreds of editors but perhaps, just perhaps, they are intimidated by the prolific ms. steel.  then there are some worldclass gaps in credibility.  nobody could be as eccentric as stanley and run a powerful (and megarich) conglomerate. there's no way a house as large as the house (in the center of san francisco, no less) could ever be bought and restored for $750,000.  the oh-so-happy ending is as predictable as the setting's weather.  ms. steel has made a lot of money from her readers.  they deserve better than this
giving up on steel.danielle steel used to be one of my favorite authors. however, wanderlust was the last book of hers that i really liked. i bought the house hoping maybe she had found her "style" again, but alas it was not to be. i do not understand how a bestselling author can get away with combining points-of-view within one paragraph, "telling" not "showing" the story, and repeating the same things over and over and over until i just want to scream! it seems that perhaps because she is such a big name, her work is not copyread anymore. i think it might be time for her to put away her pen, or get back to the basics of good writing. i will not be buying another of her books anytime soon. i chose to rate this book with one star, because no stars wasn't a choice
great plot, poor delivery.it's summer, and my reading matter always lightens up significantly! i spotted this book at the library and figured, why not!  i know, i said never again for danielle steel, but the plot interested me.  how bad could it be, right?..well, there's good news and bad news.  the good news is that the plot is different for ds, and held my interest enough so that, unlike impossible, i actually finished it in one day.  the bad news is that this book seems entirely devoid of any attempt at editing.  the repetition is maddening. when reading becomes a chore, and you can skip entire pages and not miss anything, it's time to start some serious editing...here are some suggested areas of improvement:..- shorten up the paragraphs.  they should not exceed a page!.- try spending a little more time developing the characters.  i couldn't "see" sarah - when i read, i want to be able to clearly visualize the people and after hundreds of pages, i never had a clear vision of the main character.- pay attention to style. every time she spelled out 30,000, i wanted to pull my hair out.  small thing, but numbers over nine should always be written in numerals unless they are at the beginning of a sentence...as i've written before, ds needs a good editor. this book could have been one of her best to date.
boring, boring.after chapter after chapter of the gal lamenting over her dead-end romance, she finally buys the house.  aha, i thought, the story begins.  but alas, not much happens.  then she finds a picture of her grandmother in the house, and i think, ok here's the story, but not to be.  then there is the architect that enters - a good love story - no..danielle steel had the makings of three great story lines but failed to develop any of them.  the story of the grandmother's life in the house would have been tremendous..i think maybe she had a visa bill to pay and had to get a book out quickly, because she did not put any thought into this one.  where was the editor on this one?  it was a bummer.  virgini
don't waste your time!.don't waste your time or money on this book.  it was about as interesting as watching paint dry!  maybe danielle steel should take a break from writing if this is all she can churn out
waste of time.i wasted time reading this book that i will never get back.  it was repetitive, predictable, and drawn out.  i only finished the book hoping for a twist in the ending, but it turned out the way i thought it would.  buy this book if you want to feel good about yourself for finishing it quickly, and for predicting how the story goes.  but, i would not waste the time if i were you
the "four year" yawn.i read a lot. a lot. and rarely have i read a book that i really, really didn't like, but this is one of them. there is such a lack of dialogue, and the author repeats her same thoughts over and over. i swear, if i would have had to read the words "four years" one more time (referring to the main character's failed relationship) i would have hurt somebody. there was so much that could have been done with this book. but, by the time she actually gets the house, you've been bored stiff for four years and don't much care. it seems to be that it was poorly edited, and there is a lot of awkward grammar. i was really disappointed.
i take some exception to the reviews.....well first off, i did not like the book nor the movie, both have enough plot holes to make a swiss cheese look like art.     on the other hand, i take excption to some of the neagtive reviews listed here, as some sound very anti-american in their reviews.  we being good americans are intelligent enough to read good books and tell what stories make good patriotism and what does not.   we do not have to justify this to anyone who lives outside of the american experience for that.  if you do not understand this, tnen be quiet about things you do not understand
don't even waste your time with this book!.clear and present danger is ok at points, but the rest of the novel is boring with the cia work, the action between the commandos don't feel realistic, the story drags on on for hundreds of pages, the boring details of how big a ship is, that is boring! if you want to read a real and exciting novel, read bob mayer's eyes of the hammer. bib mayer is a former special forces officer, the action is there, and is very exciting unlike this book where you have to go through hundreds of pages to get to the action.
attention to detail sometimes a distraction.as far as crime dramas go, this is firmly mediocre.  the story is okay and requires suspension of disbelief only sporadically, but the author's writing style is sometimes a distraction.  why do the african-american suspects always ask for slice soda to drink?  and they repeatedly make a point of asking for slice.  (do they even make it anymore?  i thought it was replaced by sierra mist).   and another distracting detail is the author's way of giving so many people nicknames.  you don't need to tell me that a guy's name is ed "smiley" jones if you never mention "smiley" again or there's not something significant from a story perspective about that nickname.  that said, i liked the use of dc as the backdrop and if i was going on a plane ride, i would probably pick up another book by pelecanos (but i wouldn't let anyone see what i was reading and then i'd leave it in the seatback when i deplaned)
where's the story?.i love to read and listen to books on cd but i have tried to listen to this a couple of times and i am disgusted.  the language and the sexually inferences are so vile and gratuitous that i can't get past the second disc.  very disappointed
harry potter and the chamber of secrets - review.an elf appearing to harry potter warned him not to return for a second year to the school of sorcery. the chamber of secrets, he said, had been opened and a  monster is lurking. harry goes anyway and is the only one who can hear the monster, challenge it and save students who have been "petrified" by the monster. age group interest: early teen. i wanted to see what all the rave was about. lots of action, not much morale...trish new, author of the thrill of hope, south state street journal
not for me.i think dr oz is a fantastic doctor and i have heard him speak on tv but i did not find any useful information in this book for my life
very dull book.this is the worst book i have ever read,,it is very dull and unuseful..i9 bought it because i have read about the popularity of the surgeon who wrote it. i wish i can return it and get a refund..but i have threogh it in the tras
would make a good sermon, but a treatise on modernity?.schaeffer adds yet another book to the "this is why christians have it right" category of literature.  though christians, nor schaeffer, by no means have a monopoly on such an approach; i found it to be especially unsettling in it's lack of insight into modernism..picasso, we are told, failed. his artistic goal, to paint the unpaintable, the sublime, was never realized. first of all, to really understand 'modern' painting, we would certainly want to ponder the birth of photography and its influence on illustrative painting.  illustrative painters were experiencing an identity crisis brought on by the industrial revolution, much like the rest of the entire world except good old schaeffer.  artists turned to the 'sublime' because they needed to discover what painting could do that photography could never do: show the unshowable.  and so picasso's paintings become less 'realistic;' they imply movement, they imply other ways of seeing than the symbolic boxes the modern and postmodern worlds are born into (again, except schaeffer).  to say picasso failed suggests no appreciation for any of this, nor does it seem schaeffer took the time to really analyze a cubist painting, how is it different from what came before? why? what does it show that a photograph could not? what does it 'imply'! etc.   the analysis of picasso suggests not an inkling of thought as to why cubism came about for cubists (and modernists in general) except for how it makes no sense to a christian. thus, the "this is why christians have it right" feel of the critique. i cannot imagine anyone who has appreciated a modern painting or read anything about modern artists swallowing this. rather, it is for people who find modernism pointless to be able to say, "oh, they're lost, that's why it makes no sense.".lastly, paul himself claimed that "we see through a glass darkly." the jews of the torah (read old testament) could not even utter the name of god because of that being's supreme mystery. composers from palestrina to bach attempted to 'imply' something above and beyond their actual art. that is what good art does, mr. schaeffer..to say someone failed because they never actually got to the sublime, they never actually clearly illustrated it, never fully understood it, is to indict paul himself.  paul admitted his limitations, it is a shame schaeffer did not turn some of that powerful insight in on himself. why do you criticize the speck of dust in your brothers eye, when you have a log in your own?
quot;the authoritative guidequot;?   give me a break!.this book should have been an short magazine article. the authors basically dissect one concept over and over and over: change is disruptive. there is very little useful information in this book. it points out all of  the obvious and frequently-stated problems that come with change -  productivity suffers, commitment is lost, etc., etc., etc., but gives no  insight in how to fix the problems (unless you count these golden nuggets-  quot;keep your eye on the ballquot; and quot;provide directionquot;).   the one chapter that i hoped would shed some light on tactics -  quot;integration project managementquot; - was pure fluff. it offered  such pearls of wisdom as quot;it is helpful to look at the integration  process as a logical sequence of steps designed to help bring the two  organizations together.quot; not only is this a quot;duhquot; statement,  but it shows up in chapter 8! i would expect to read something like that in  the introduction. and chapters 5 and 6 state that you should evaluate key  talent in the aquired firm - but no where in these chapters does it tell  you how to do it! i guess you have call up pritchett amp; associates (and  fork over big $$) for the details. my only guess is that the authors kept  the book generic on purpose so that companies would call and ask about  their consulting services. my advice: save your money for a real book, and  just call up pritchett amp; associates for their marketing literature
stay away!!.i would give this book a zero, if it were possible....anyone that wants to follow this book is more than likely screwing up their child. i would consider "doctor" ezzo's philosophy a form of child abuse. this thing is the most awful, upsetting piece of parenting literature i've ever read!!!!!!!!!!! i don't understand, why would parents not want to go to your baby at night when he is crying?  what is wrong with loving your baby, cuddles, and attending to their needs???  oh, yeah i forgot....american parenting seems to given way to the form of training your baby like a puppy, fitting "convieniently" into your lives, with alot of distance, no empathy, no trust, little to no communication, little emotional bonding, and in the future, this results in children who have attachment problems in later life, trouble regarding relationships, and practically seem to be teaching them to be independent and self sufficient from the time they are brought home from the hospital.....how heartbreaking..sorry, i don't beleive in the form of abuse as this book is about. and i wish more parents felt the same as i do.
read spock, not this!  you and your baby deserve better!.first off: my wife and i tried babywise several years ago because we were sleep deprived beyond all belief.  please don't make the same mistake.  your baby will start sleeping better, i swear.  other parents we know have tried babywise and the results of ranged from abandoning the philosophy to seriously altering their children's psyche...babywise may "work" for many families in the sense that you *might* get your newborn to sleep through the night.  but it is a very rigid and inflexible parenting style, and over the long run i have seen it result in resentful children.  in the short term it is very hard on both baby and parent because the baby will be miserable, and you will feel guilty.  before buying into this philosophy, remember that has been subject to widespread criticism, and while it *might* work in the sense of getting your baby to sleep, it is, in this reviewer's opinion, very dangerous over the long haul and shortsighted on the part of tired parents...at the very least, please ask your pediatrician for their honest assessment of this book before trying it...if you are looking for a far better, and far more credible, book on parenting, try either doctor spock's baby  child care, or the american academy of pediatrics caring for your baby  young chil
fish is better.if you're looking for a book that will give you a concise and easy to remember strategy for integrating work and fun--fish! is the one i'd recommend.  in fun works, the author presents eleven principles that are supposed to help us quot;understand the importance of the fun/work fusion.quot;  with eleven principles, this book is all over the place, and somehow misses the mark. i fervently believe that work should be fun, but i didn't find this book particularly helpful in understanding how to make it that way
no escape.nora roberts's books are my escape, and usually a blissful one.  i love the magic, character development, strong women overcoming obstacles, and romance found in her novels.  morrigan's cross disappointed me.  vampires are a little over the edge for me, but what made me close the book was the 10-year-old vampire with the protaganist.  i spend my days with children who have been abused in every way imaginable, and reading this put me in a bad mood.  king was a comic relief, but he got killed.  that was when i did something i've never done with a n.r. book - closed it, put it in the closet, and later sold it.  i'm not reading any of the others in the trilogy.  instead, i took out the three sisters' trilogy and enjoyed myself.
morrigan's cross.just not my cup of tea.  well written but as i said not my cup of tea..i will not purchase the others in the series
why waste the money?.my brother bought this cookbook for me 2-3 years ago for christmas and i have yet to crack it open. you can go online to the foodnetwork website and get all her recipes for free (but why would you???) after seeing some of her more recent episodes, i am ready to toss the book in the trash without even taking a glimpse of the inside. her recipes scare me and i wouldn't feed half of what she makes to my dog. don't waste the money. if you think you wanna try her recipes, print them free from the web first before you go investing money in her empire.
no romance ...too much sadistic gore.if you are looking for love, romance, witty banter and everything else that has made suzanne brockmann a hit....don't expect it from this book!!  the romance is undeveloped, sparse and stale.  the suspense is based on gore and the end is abrupt.  a great read if you're looking for nightmares.
utterly bad.i used to love sb novels, but the last few have been so very disappointing and "into the storm" is, by far, the worst.  there is no character development so we don't understand why couples who are formed in the book would be attracted to each other.  basically, they've known each other, at best, casually through work - they sleep together - having the most amazing sex ever! and they suddenly decide they care deeply about each other.  hmmm, that may work at 17, but the characters are in their late 20s and early 30s.  they have very responsible, professional careers and by now, should know that love is based on far more than casual sex...the situations sb keeps coming up with are becoming more and more amateurish and bizarre.  all of these factors caused me to quickly lose interest in the book and i began skimming pages hoping that something, somewhere would grab my attention.  no such luck...i used to love reading sb novels.  i couldn't wait for new books to be published and i'd stay up late into the night reading.  no more.  in fact, i think i'm done with brockmann.  granted, i never read sb for the suspense.  i loved the character development, the character interaction and the adventure that made sense to the story.  if i want suspense, which appears to be where sb would rather go these days, i'd much rather spend my time and money reading tess gerritsen or karin slaughter.  they do suspense so much better
be ready to fall asleep.i have previously enjoyed all of suzanne brockmann's books but this one is a departure from her usual interesting fiction. i have struggled to finish it but it is so tedious with stupid situations and circumstances, i really hate it. what a yawner and i wouldn't recommend it to anyone unless they like to be bored and frustrated
barely relevant.mr. ferrazzi ignores the distinct advantage that he has had throughout his career: he is an ivy-league grad.  while i found some of his insights to be helpful, he glosses over his educational background as though he presumes that all of his readers come from privileged upbringings.  while he attempts to diffuse his obvious advantages by opening with a discussion of his working-class roots, mr. ferrazzi loses steam on the very next page, writing about all of the the great schools he attended and the fact that he caddied at a country club. caddying at a country club is not a degrading, confidence-busting job for a kid, working as a cashier at cvs is.  how does the cvs kid network his way out?..in one point in the book, mr. ferrazzi creates a lot of build up about an event he attended and how much anxiety he felt.  the big denouement was that he had a connection through yale.  this is not compelling.  i was expecting him to have had to actually overcome something...there are some good insights in the book, but few that i hadn't heard before.  i'm not sure that this book has shed any light on anything aside from the advantages of belonging to ivy-league networks
not much value.bought it because the author had compiled the book on buffett's annual reports. got really bored with this book however. it is written too acadamic style and mostly a reiteration of graham/buffet. you will be much happy if you read intelligent investor  buffets essay book..this book is just an attempt to make money by invoking the names of investment masters in its title. i got my lesson - only buy books written by the investment gurus who write it from their hands-on experience
disappointing.i believe that this book might be interesting for someone who is unfamiliar with value investing, but i must warn the more experienced reader that not much of new ideas are to found in this book. what surprises me most of all is that the author devotes the first half of his book to  convincing people that marekts are inefficient. but what guy believing in efficient markets would ever consider buying a book on investing in the first place ? right: anyone interested in this book can skip the first half. the second half is rather superficial and brings nothing new on the table for people familiar with value investing. my advice: avoid this book and buy instead 'the essays of warren buffet' of the same author. the latter is really a must-read for anyone serious about investing
the title does not keep what it promise.this book is really disappointing, because it has very little to do with the title of the book. it is a total waste of money. after reading this book, you will hardly thing like graham and invest like buffett. no chance! read the first two books from hagstrom and buffetts letters to the shareholders. dont by this one. terrible
interesting story, difficult to read, see the movie?.i almost gave up on this book after the first chapter featured several paragraph-long run on sentences with no punctuation. i was determined to try though. once i got used to the almost non-existent editing i was able to enjoy the story. it is a challenge, but the reward is an interesting glimpse of the cowboy life. i'm not sure the effort was worth it, though. note to writers--employ editors so that your story isn't lost due to hard to read prose! it added nothing to the book to create a new "style" and made reading very cumbersome and frustrating. this is one of the few times that i wish i had just watched the movie instead
a highly agrivating pile of schlock.frustrated authors take note, you can be published and you don't even have to worry about little details such as punctuation, sentence clarity, story, structure or grammar. cormac mccarthy proves it eloquently with "all the pretty horses." had mccarthy ever bothered to revise this draft he might of had a story, however he just cranked it out of his typewriter or computer put a stamp on it and shot it over to some publisher, who was either drunk or high or both, who thought "what the hell, let's print a really awful story and promote the hell out of it. i'm sure people will buy it, after all americans don't care about grammar anyway.".i'm not going to dive into the plot of the story- you can read it above. this book falls short of one of the best in literature. how they compare this guy to faulkner is beyond me, the comparrison is an insult to faulkner and people who read books in general. most fifth graders can write better, more enthralling naratives.
wal-mart is a big lovely bundle of sunshine.i guess i'd better confess right away: i didn't finish this book. i only made it a third of the way before i was too disgusted to finish it. i'm sure there are many useful things i could learn if i could choke it all down, but it was very difficult...i don't think it helped that i just finished the case against wal-mart by al norman...i think it's great that wal-mart was able to bring goods to smaller towns that really didn't have access to a department store or discount retailer, but i can't get over the desruction of american businesses, american jobs and the terrible wages and benefits for american workers (not to mention all the foreign workers who produce wal-mart goods) that have become standard operating procedure. lower costs at any cost is not a responsible way to run a business, and while i agree that soderquist did a great job at making himself rich and the company successful, i think the damage is costly
i have more to say if i just had more room!!.i have always wondered about professor chomsky's writings. he has always been described as mean-spirited and anti-american by the right. i finally got an opportunity to read his book hegemony or survival. i was surprised at how readable it was; i expected it to be overly verbose. i was also surprised that i actually agreed with some of what he had to say, particularly about iraq. he certainly is correct that the us led invasion of iraq was a fantastic opportunity for bin ladin to stir up anti-us sentiment and attract members to his terrorist organization. i don't think you have to be a professor to see that though. although some have charged chomsky with being sympathetic to terrorists, i failed to see this. he condemns terrorism but accuses the us of creating an atmosphere that is conducive to the growth of terrorist organizations...he argues here that us foreign policy victimizes every country it interferes with. the us consistently brutally punishes any country whose actions are contrary to its agenda, even if that country is just trying to better itself. without a doubt, the us has made some disastrous foreign policy decisions but i don't think washington is as evil as chomsky wants the reader to believe...we americans like to believe that the us is always the good guy riding in to save the day. sadly, all too often us intervention harms the very people we believe to be helping. having said that, the us is not the evil monster that chomsky portrays it either. he asserts that the us has only one goal and that is global dominance and it is all done under the guise of fighting terrorism or fighting communism. too often he appears to use fuzzy logic or cherry picks events so that he can apply this contention to various skirmishes the us has been involved in...on page 9 he states "in one country, nicaragua, washington had lost control of the armed forces that had traditionally subdued the region's population" "the us-backed somoza dictatorship was overthrown by the sandinista rebels, and the murderous national guard was dismantled. therefore nicaragua had to be subjected campaign of international terrorism that left the country in ruins" "the spirit of exuberance, vitality , and optimism that followed the overthrow of the dictatorship could not long survive as the reigning superpower intended to dash the hopes that a grim history might finally take a different course"..what chomsky chooses to ignore is that after the sandinistas overthrew somoza with the full support of the us government, us then made initial efforts to establish peaceful relations with the sandinistas. congress authorized 75 million dollars in aid and offered to send doctors, nurses and teachers to help stabilize the new government. the sandinistas got into trouble not by ousting somoza as chomsky wishes the reader to believe, but by supporting the marxist guerrillas in el salvador. the us cut off aid and gave repeated warnings to stop providing support to the communist rebels. in 1981 the us even sent thomas enders to try to end the tension. he offered them a sweet deal, the us would completely leave them alone to do as they please if they would just stay out of the conflict in el salvador. they refused. this is was the beginning of the end for the sandinistas...i don't understand why chomsky implies that nicaragua was on the course to some utopia either. the sandinistas promised their supporters free elections but refused once in power. they consistently denied nicaraguans the freedoms they had promised, newspapers were censored, religions suppressed. some ethnic groups were terrorized and their villages destroyed. the only reason that i can think of that chomsky would paint such a distorted view of the sandinistas is so that he can lead the reader to a false conclusion...later chomsky implies that the us ruined the healthy economy of nicaragua. any economic growth that the nicaraguans experienced was due to the us because of the said aid and the efforts of the us to have their world bank debts forgiven...chomsky wants the reader to believe that us conflicts are never about communism or terrorism, that its just a ruse. he's wrong, nicaragua is just one example of where he got it wrong...i also wonder about his comments concerning cuba appealing to the un for help. chomsky states that cuba didn't respond to the us with violent attacks within the us, rather they followed the procedure required by international law. chomsky appears to be implying that the noble cubans were above the primitive barbarity of the us. obviously they didn't attack the us because they did not have the means to launch a formidable attack. keep in mind that after the cuban missile crisis, che guevara, one of the most influential leaders in the castro regime was furious. he was angered that the soviets were weak and pulled the missiles out and proudly announced that he would have launched them all given the opportunity...chomsky's claims that cuba's economic woes are purely a product of the us embargo seem to be a bit of a stretch. did the embargo negatively impact cuba? of course. so much so that their island is the now the equivalent of tropical slum despite the fact that every other country in the free world will trade with them and they get billions of dollars in aid? i fail to see how...i am troubled at his comparison of the 911 attacks and clinton admins attack on the pharmaceutical company in sudan. why didn't chomsky mention that it was in response to attacks on us embassies in kenya and tanzania? why didn't chomsky mention that we believed it to be a chemical weapons plant? why didn't chomsky mention that the us released 24 million dollars to the businessman whose factory we wrongfully attacked?..i have numerous other concerns about the authors claims but i've reached my word limit here at amazon...cheer
no good.i am not a right winger whatsoever, am against our involvement in the mid east but did read this book. i can't say it better than alan dershowitz who commented about chomsky's writing in general: many people buy his books and the page that is folded down is never greater than page 16
half of the book is blank reserved for notes!.pages 38 to 97 -- half the book -- is just blank space for notes, which you could just as well write in a 10-cent, 70-page notebook spiral. the beginning of the book is mostly made up of pages with simple checklists and address forms, with some bulletted questions here and there
tiresome recap of an exhaustive list of life events.president clinton's autobiography reads as a near endless series of events rehashed from his diaries.  it frequently appears as though the brief, daily notes and events were simply written into complete sentences with some emotion or perspective added.  it does provide an extensive recap of president clinton's life events, so if that's of interest you may want to check it out
west africa gets the short end, yet again....very poor analysis of west african civilizations. for example, ghana was a very significant soninke empire in western africa, yet barely any attention at all is paid to it. to make matters worse, the author was so desperate to disregard it that he threw in a baseless and eurocentric statement that its capital may have been "founded by whites from the north". fact is, there were no "whites" to the north. the only light skin berbers nearby were mixed-race "browns".
a disappointment.i was looking for a book that is not as detailed and complex in its description as that of a history atlas, but also one that is not as shallow and perfunctory in its survey as that of a textbook targeted at high school students. "a history of civilizations" satisfied the above criteria but failed to evoke in me any sense of satisfaction after reading the book...instead of the usual way of simply chronicling events, fernand braudel decided to approach the subject matter from the perspectives of geography, history and significant periods in the evolution of the civilization. a pretty innovative approach, i thought. but in so doing, not only did he miss out on important details in the content, he fell short of conveying what meager ideas that he had left in a lucid and effective way. he assumed that the reader has sufficient background information and hence plunged right into the `deep end' of the subject matter. the already mind-boggling reading experience was worsened by the choppy, inadequate translation of the original french writing. the lack of illustration, annotations, maps/diagrams will contribute to the bewilderment, and not the enlightenment of the poor reader...if you were to buy this book, just read chapter 1 (a general review) and the chapters on islam, latin america, usa and russia. the rest of the book is not worth your effort getting mired in the entanglement of information (or rather, lack of information and insights) and having to bash your way through. furthermore, the book was written two decades ago, and hence the information presented is not up-to-date. well, treat it as a `time capsule' of facts then.
seriously outdated.man, you can't keep selling the same book forever and keep everyone satisfied. i liked the way they presented the idea of bw, but it was seriously outdated. they should make enhancements and upgrades atleast one in two year
step by step guide to where?.anybody buying this book to learn some bw will be very much disappointed. like the way the book is organised but older stuff. i can't beleive the greedy publiser is still selling this book. not only they should stop selling, also should recall the book
boring boring boring!.how could anyone sit and read this boring work of fiction.  i am actually listening to the audio version and i am almost falling asleep and cannot remember a word the reader has said..i am going to stick to the movie versions of anne of green gables instead of reading the rest of the books.  at least the movies keep your interest
utter disappointment.being a fan of such authors as j.r.r. tolkien, h.g. wells, and c.s. lewis, i figured i'd try and broaden my horizons by reading a book about the american west, a sort of historical fiction that might be entertaining..i did some research and cormac mccarthy seemed to be the author to start with.  he got very good reviews (from this site and professional critics).  i find it amazing that he received such great reviews... this book failed to impress me in the slightest bit.  the book seemed to fly away from the plot for a while and suddenly, unexpectedly return to it.  i have never read a book like that before.  after completing this book i had found out more about the life of a prostitute than i ever wanted to know and also i received a free lesson in swearing.  i understand that it was custom in the west to swear, and dealings with prostitutes was common, but i think mccarthy went over the top.  this made it uninteresting and redundant.  then there was the fact that he rarely used punctuation other than periods, question marks, and exclamation marks.  i did not see a single quotation mark and the word "and" was excessevely overused due to the exclusion of commas.  dialogue was at times hard to follow and seemingly run-on sentences were monotonous.  after reading this book i also felt ignorant being uneducated in the spanish language.  much of the dialogue i could not understand in the least bit.  there were entire conversations written exclusively in spanish at times when it seemed relevant.  i felt like i missed a lot of important information in the story..i did find that at time mccarthy did use some beautifully crafted language but the formerly mentioned factors left a very bad impression on me.  i don't suppose i'll ever read a book by cormac mccarthy again
one size fits all diet.once again gary null "phd" recycles information into another gn book with his one size fits all vegeterian diet and vits and supplements. gary null is probably the only author that carries a phd and fails to reveal where he got his ba, ma and phd. a quick reading of quakwatch.com shows that gary null has  "nontraditional" credentials and owns a multi-million dollar supplement company. he also sells everything from magnets to water and air filters...the confusing thing is why someone consuming a nutrient dense diet of organic vegetables, fruit and legumes would need supplements at all. the only reason i could think of is it is a bait and switch technique since most people unable to continue any diet that is restrictive, time consuming and costly give up. so gn conveniently has dozens of vits, supplements, and food replacement products to fill in the gap. i estimate the cost of following gn recommendations in full it would cost about $600 per person a month. to prove my point gn for decades has been against chocolate but recently he has added a gn "healthy" chocolate bar to his portfolio. gary hooks people in by promising the fountain of youth and eternal life. interestingly this 60 plus year old finds it necessary to put a old stock photo of himself in his books.
snake oil for sale.let me first say that i am an unlikely reviewer to be so hostile to this type of book; i am extremely committed to healthy food choices, environmentally sound policies, and all the basic values gary null ostensibly embraces.  i have no problem with null's basic premise that we should consume a fresh, non-processed, plant-based diet(although some studies have concluded that those who supplement their food with some fish and dairy products are healthier), buy organic food when at all possible, and avoid toxic household products.  but i am totally outraged by gary null's voodoo nutrition approach to these legitimate issues.  i bought the book and promptly returned it because it was so filled with woozy-new age drivel and devoid of reliable references to support the more controversial points.  we don't need any more evidence that a plant-based diet low in trans-fats is healthier than eating at mcdonalds.  this book adds nothing legitimate to the basic health information you can obtain from any reliable print or internet source, and is far inferior to, for instance, quot;the food pharmacyquot; by jean carper, in which virtually every statement of fact is supported by one or more scientific references.  save your money and buy some nice fresh organic produce
too much info, not enough fact.of course i want to restore my mind and body!  the title alone made me want to read the book.  however most of the quot;miraculousquot; claims are supported by case studies from the doctors' clinic without a single footnote referencing any medical study.  those who are skeptical of traditional western medicine might enjoy reading this.  however, i found that this book promoted a lot of unsubstantiated claims to cure whatever ails you.  too good to be true usually is
a waste of money.this book is a waste of money. i received it as a gift so i couldn't return it. it is full of historical mistakes and careless errors. it is not  worth taking the time to point them out
disappointed.my first nora roberts' book....with only be persistent did i complete the book....found it to be very slow paced with an unrealistic storyline...shallow characterizatio
what happened?.this is one of the only books by nora roberts i can actually say i didnt like. it was so dissapointing i got mad everytime i looked at it. this books is about oliva and noah... the end. that is practically what it is. it started off when they were both younger, them meeting when they were older and them meeting yet again when they are mature. i guessed the story right from the beginning, and i hardly could ever do that before in any of nora robert's books. i hate to say it, but i dont reccomend this book. it was really waste of time. what happened to the quality work of ms. roberts
the worst of the bunch.i've read all of flynn's books. in fact, i just picked up act of treason. as i'm reading it, i'm reminded of how disgusted i was with his last book, consent to kill, only giving him the benefit of the doubt on this one...without giving away the ending, consent to kill is but an amateur attempt to keep a tired saga alive for the sake of a bestselling serial--that being the mitch rapp saga. to any real fiction writer, what flynn resorts to in the book, in terms of mitch's personal relationship, is quite sad; it's simply designed to keep mitch "hungry" and "emotionally tattered" so as to allow flynn to continue cashing in on the only story he's capable of writing...the book started out to be intriguing, although i did ask myself how flynn intended to keep mitch going with the seeming direction our star spy was headed via the last novel. but, the story read like a tenth grader wrote it, a tired cliche designed for the sole sake of keeping mitch rapp and his million-dollar franchise chugging along...by far the worst story flynn has written to date. skip this one
be careful.dr. lee is not an ob/gyn.  be careful when reading this book.  recend clinical studies are not included in this book...furthermore, dr. lee is widely disregarded by his peers
disgusting.harv keeps saying how great the book is going to be, and i was stupid enough to keep reading all the way to the end....and found out there was nothing.  just a worthless rant
book never arrived - very disappointed!.never received the book, so very disappointed at the delivery process and cost i have incurred
shoddy thinking.the author believes that france's economy, and socialism generally, is admirable. this, against all evidence to the contrary. really, how much more of this sort of wishful thinking masquerading as economic analysis are we expected to take? haven't we had enough demonstration of the falsity of these ideas? as socialist economies drag their shuddering bulks to standstills while the people riot (and rot), we are expected to heed calls to admire, and replicate, their failures. amazing. read hayek. von mises. sowell. friedman. this guy, here, should never have been published
please don't buy this book first.i was given a copy of this book when my son, zachary was born.  as another reviewer mentioned, it was quite scary reading all the things that might be wrong with him medically, along with the quotes from parents the author included.  i'm sure the quotes were a well-meaning inclusion from the author - but each and every one i would review to be extremely non-descript, even bordering negative.  as a parent of a child with ds - i can tell you first-hand that my experience has been nothing but non-descript...but overwhelmingly positive.  my son, at less than 2 years old, has already brought so much joy into our lives and countless others.  a child with down syndrome is a blessing in disguise.  he give to me so much more than i give to him as you wil hear from just about any parent with a ds child - but not from the author or the outdated quotes she chooses to include in her book.
misleading.i am an early interventionist, working with several infants and children who have down syndrome. i found this book to be somewhat incomplete and misleading. for example, it contains a developmental milestone chart for typically developing children. this chart caused no end of worry to the parents i work with. more accurate, down syndrome specific information is available elsewhere.
in the end, did they have in common besides abc news?.in one of what appears to be carole radizwill's not-so-subtle jabs at her mother-in-law (and at many of the extended family), she implies lee wondered what exactly her son saw in carole ... something along the lines of "how much do they have in common beides abc?"  after finishing this book, i have to say i have no idea what, if anything, they did have in common, nor, more importantly, what it was that first caused them to fall in love.  while i can understand and appreciate the author's reservations about revealing too much of their personal relationship, i think she fails to convey why they even had any relationship in the first place.  as has been commented on by many reveiwers, she sounds much more passionate when she writes of carolyn bessette kennedy (again, not in a lesbian way, but in an idealized school-girl crush way).  i found myself wondering if they really were as close as carole portrays, or if this book is a rather sad attempt to publicly attach herself to carolyn forever.
a case book, not a textbook.this book was a disappointment.  a real textbook would actually have instruction.  this book is merely a collection of cases, with a few scattered chapters on vc/pe.  only buy the book if required to for a class
dangerous.the author insists, so far as i can tell, that the only way to write a decent novel is based on some aristotelean idea of the 'premise' which cannot be violated.  'love leads to death' is an example for a character who dies as a result of being in love.  this is nothing but an obscene simplification of the plot.  it's absurdly reductionist..maximum capacity?  a character's dialogue should always be the best thing he could say.  what nonsense.  how about the mistake, a common factor of life?.some good points on dialogue, though, but not worth the book..i think you could write a good novel with this book, but i think it would hobble a certain type of writer severely
disappointing and formulaic.although most of the advice is pretty standard that you get in any how-to-write book, my two stars comes from his statements that you must have a premise (such as "cheaters never win") before you begin to write. this kind of approach is perilous for beginning writers, leading to work that can be preachy, predictable, and cliched. many times, the true premise of a story or novel makes itself known during the revision process, but to begin your first draft that way is to try to shoehorn your story into an ill-fitting formula that serves neither the reader nor the writer
aimed at the wrong audience....with the hotplate and microwave on the cover, you might think that this is a book of recipes that are prepared using those two items.  this is not the case.  yes, there is a hotplate chapter and a microwave chapter, but a large number of recipes in the other 11 chapters require an oven. and even the microwave and hotplate recipes tend to require counter space, extensive preparation, and a large number and variety of ingredients...if you really do live in a dorm where you will have very little room, and only a mini-fridge and microwave, i suggest either finding another book, or just making it up as you go...or if, like me, you live in a tiny studio with no counter space and only a fridge, microwave, and hotplate, it offers a few more options, but not much.  most of the recipes require too much preparation.  and, if you are concerned about energy use and safety, many of the recipes also have fairly long cooking times...overall, i'd say this would be a good book aimed at the beginning cook.  perhaps for someone who just moved into their first real apartment with a full kitchen.  this is not a good book for anyone with limited space and resources
go west - panning for gold!?!?!?!?!.get ordained in something!?!?!?!?!  interview the town hermit for the local newspaper!?!?!?!?!  need i say more
crops, crops and more crops.i had to read jared diamond's pulitzer prize winning book because of the rave reviews and acclaim. the thoughts that he introduces in the book are certainly interesting and he presents us with a new way to interpret history which is certainly important. however, there is much overkill in making points about the development of each civilization - crops are the major topic with little discussion on guns, germs (more than the other 2), and steel. of course the arguement for this focus is that the domestication of crops is how civilizations develop guns, germs and steel. i enjoyed parts of the book considerably, but you would have to have a strong interest in horticulture and botany to truely appreciate the book. i guess i was spoiled by first reading his sequel to ggs, "collapse" - a terrific read that should be of interest to everyone -it relates our industrialization to every aspect of the environment and show historically how this has shaped history. it has major rammifications for our situation on this earth right now. -rk
if you want to understand end times....a case for amillennialism: understanding the end times.by kim riddlebarger is the best book going on end times.  escape the craziness for good, and buy this book.  hopefully, you'll get that "finally it all makes sense" understanding of what the scriptures tell of the end times
with great trepidation!!!.when i first started reading this book, i literally devoured it from page to page, believing it to be groundbreaking and a tour-de-force.  after i read it, i reflected on its message, and found i wasn't as excited as i first thought.  then i thought about writing a review, but had to caution against emotionalism, and this kind of book certainly stirs up the pot of emotionalism...steve wohlberg does hit on some "sacred cows," theologically, though, and i found i had some common ground with him on the rapture, and the anti-christ, as he cited solid historical sources to support his thesis.  however, as i continued to read on, i discovered to my dismay that i'd read some of this stuff before - in the 7th day adventist literature.  as a matter of fact, steve wohlberg, although admittedly a messianic jew, has written for pacific press and other seventh day adventist press publications...then there's the issue of the way of salvation.  he claims that the "faithful" will be saved by trusting in christ for their salvation...and...keeping the 10 commandments.  this is solid adventist teaching, and there's no two ways around it.  other teachings have focused on keeping the sabbath as another "legal".requirement of salvation, although after a couple of questions to him about this, he stated that he didn't hold to that view...scripture makes it very clear that christ lived, died on the cross, shed his blood for the remission of sins, and rose from the dead to justify those who believe in him, and as a result, receive eternal life.  jesus also said that those who loved him would follow his commandments, and he cited the two greatest commandments as loving god with all our heart, soul, strength, and mind, and loving our neighbor as ourselves.  nowhere does the bible teach that it's "christ plus the commandments."  to come to christ is to follow - christ plus nothing and christ minus nothing.  he is our all in all.  he is the fulfillment of the law to all those who believe...although ready to rate this book very high...after a great deal of thought, it can only be the lowest.  sorry, steve.  you didn't convince me.  you're either a biblical christian or a follower of e.g. white
couldn't relate.i found myself reaching to answer these questions, in the spirit of being cooperative....almost making mountains out of molehills as i viewed my life
12-step quot;logicquot; taken to its logical extreme.i read this book years ago...or, rather, tried to. i'm sure there are better examples of the truism, quot;when all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail,quot; but not many...if you're another 12-step 'bot who peppers your conversation and decals your bumper with slogans like quot;one day at a time,quot; you'll probably really, really like _when society becomes an addict_. i myself found it to be one of the worst self-help books i've ever seen ... and in a genre glutted with self-indulgence, pseudo-science, and hidden agendas, that's saying a lot...if there is anything we emphatically do *not* need more of in politics, it's therapy. lift your head out of your 12-step cocoon and look around you: we've got people using various and often spurious diagnoses to shirk responsibility for everything from proper child-rearing to murder. we've been bringing back censorship with a vengeance in the last few decades because of a misguided belief that the world must cater to the delicate psyches of the traumatized, the easily offended, the quot;oppressed,quot; and, most of all, quot;da chyldrun.quot; and no politician dares run for any major office without drawing lots of attention to his or her quot;sensitive side,quot; often with short, sappy, pseudo-heartwarming quot;personal interestquot; films...schaef may indeed have claimed that men are no longer the problem, but obviously she still claims that we need to feminize american society more. uh, when little boys are widely and heavily medicated just for acting like little boys, i think we've feminized society quite enough. and i'm a woman with a good many feminist sympathies...too bad it had to take september 11th to wake so many people up to the fact that we need more than consensus-seekers, empathizers, and nurturers -- we need leaders, individuals with the courage to make unpopular moral judgments, and warriors and heroes. of both sexes
book full of assumptions.this book is full of assumptions and generalizations. some information is distorted. according to the logic of the writer over 90% of the population should be already dead from quot;addictionquot;. the writer assumes from the very beggining that any system that is centered around men is addictive and therefore harmful. it is possible, but the writer doesn't make any notes about the  men and women centered systems. the only system that is good is the female system
not everybody's cup of tea.13 stories, 13 epitaphs is the second book by william vollmann that i've read and i still am not quite sure what to make of him. the first was butterfly stories, a sordid tale of a journalist and photographer in thailand chasing hookers, looking for the one with a heart of gold. 13 stories is somewhat similar with several people who are homeless, jobless, and addicted drugs, as well as several whores. it's hard to judge his writing without considering the content he writes about, which is usually derelicts and people on the fringes of society. it makes me feel uneasy and uncomfortable, i can't relate with the characters and don't find much redeeming about his stories, it doesn't seems like he has an overall plan, it's not necessarily a morality tale.  i think i've had enough of his novels
760 pages of torture.would you stand in line at an applebee's for three hours in order to eat a hamburger when you could get a hamburger just as good---maybe better---at a dozen other nearby places where the wait was only fifteen minutes?  of course not!  why, then, would you spend countless hours plowing through this 760 page monstrosity when you could spend the same amount of time reading two james patterson books, or a patterson and a connelly, or two thomas harris books...my apologies, greg iles, but for a simple, formulaic serial killer book, blood memory was just way too long.  the book has two co-plots; one involves a serial killer who murders older men, the second involves the mysterious childhood abuse suffered by the female lead.  the serial killer plot is actually the more interesting, but at least two-thirds of the novel dwells on the abuse instead and unfortunately the "secret" is painfully obvious to any seasoned reader from the first few pages of the book.  all in all this would have been a halfway decent novel if iles---or his editor---had chopped out about 300 pages of unneccesary text.  iles just loves to have two characters sit and talk for 3o, 40 or even 50 pages, but since most of his dialogue is what i call "soap opera" speak, meaning you know what the characters will say before the words are even out of their mouths, these chapters dragged on and on and on.  iles also wastes pages by writing lengthy descriptions of people eating ice cream, taking showers, and doing other mundane things that should have been glossed over or chopped out entirely.  come on, greg; why describe a character savoring the taste of vanilla ice cream as if it's some strange, exotic treat that no one's ever heard of before?  just as some people love to hear themselves talk, i think iles loves to see himself write...and although some of his books have been quite good, blood memory misses the mark by a long shot
not really worth it..i didn't like this book. i thought it was a waste of time and money.
amazon screw-up.i did not order this book and i did not authorize a charge to my credit car
very whiny.tina is molested by her stepfather, who she thinks is her real father, until her mother finally tells her that he isn't. tina is vague about the details of the abuse and doesn't actually say what happened, so the reader is left in the dark as to how far it went. she prays to god many times to make it stop (why'd he let it start in the first place?), but god is not listening at those times. finally after many years of this abuse, her mother catches them together, and instead of kicking him out, sends her daughter to a school out of town, with the stepfather driving her an hour each way every day. the lutheran minister they go to tells mother to keep the family together, and they don't need to involve the authorities because her stepfather says he's sorry (sorry that he got caught). says it's just something about tina that makes him do it.  make sense? the mother works at kmart and likes to have kids she doesn't care about, and the dad works "in an office"...the rest of her growing up is fairly normal. she has a boyfriend and he kisses someone else. ouch. she goes off the college, and finds out her high school boyfriend is seeing her best friend. tina doesn't seem too upset by this, she's busy with college and new friends anyway. then he comes to visit her, tells her he got the other girl pregnant, but he really loves her. she quickly moves in with him. the other girl's pregnancy or resulting child is so unimportant that it is never mentioned again. in due time, tina gets pregnant by him and has an abortion. she says she regrets it. gets pregnant by him again, has another abortion. regrets this one too. however, she never talks about what her life would be like if she did have these two kids by this loser. nope, it just was wrong and she wishes she'd never done it, but never takes responsibility that is was her decision based on the circumstances she was in at the time. having an abortion is just so wrong, that you don't have to think about the consequences of actually having the baby. she seems to put the "blame" for her two abortions on society.  talks her unmarried sister into keeping her unplanned pregnancy...breaks up with the impregnating loser, meets a "normal" guy. he wants to marry her, they plan big wedding with white dress and bridesmaids. she thinks she doesn't really love him, calls mother to discuss (why bother?). mom tells her she better get married to this great guy. tina decides she ought to do it in a few days before she changes her mind. buys black dress to get married in. has small wedding. has finished college, and every job she wants, she gets. whines about working and traveling, so tired. persuades husband to go back to college and get degree in engineering...husband is so smart that he figures finances and tells her they can afford a house. has baby girl, his parents buy a crib she doesn't like (of all the nerve!). his mother tries to take over (helping too much)and tina gets frustrated but won't tell her off. how much can a person be expected to take? husband tells her she doesn't have to work anymore. they buy bigger newer house. tina whines about packing and moving, so much work...gets pregnant with second baby (never notices when she's pregnant, always thinks she has a stomach virus). getting depressed and tired with being pregnant and cleaning house, starts sitting in hot tub every night. guess doctor didn't tell her this is bad for baby as it raises baby's temperature too much (already hot inside mother's body). slips and falls on icy deck (not good idea to be walking on while pregnant), hurts back, whines some more...has second baby, too depressed and physically in pain to take care of self or both children. medication not helping. asks mom for help, she refuses, has to "watch stocks on tv for boyfriend" (has left husband finally). guess husband's family doesn't want to help now? church people help some, not enough for her. husband begs her mom to help. she does. twice. apparently husband cannot figure out that he should put both kids in daycare while he works, pick them up after work, then  take care of them himself when they go home (just like a single mom does!) never enters his head...while tina is at mom's house (not too depressed to  drive or go to mom's house), mom tells her to "snap out of it". this makes tina snap for real, she jumps in car, drives to bridge, tries to jump off.  cop grabs her (pictures are terrible, can't see what happened. picture of car on bridge, wow)...finally starts going to therapist, but her "faith" (now) helps more. discovers "uplifting" christian cd's. faces fact that she and mom will never have mother/daughter relationship the way she wants it. says mom saw her as rival for husband instead of daughter she should have protected. that's true...this book is short (i read it at the bookstore), and its main focus is if you get christ in your life, your depression will be lifted. but that makes no sense as she was praying and going to church all her life. tina was searching, yes, but expecting to find the answer to her problems with god. this did not help before, and she seems to have tried to adjust things in her mind to make it that way after the bridge incident. the whole time she needed to look inside herself. yes, the abuse never should have happened, her mother was a terrible person, and all this affected her self-esteem. but she won't deal with it, won't get angry at mom or stepdad. apparently she never sees any self-help books or anything like that, and relies solely on church and her "beliefs" to get her emotions in check (and this appears to be a very ineffective solution). by the way, tina mentions that she cannot get physically helped by reiki because it conflicts too much with the beliefs she's had all her life. the beliefs she's had ever since she was a child molested by her stepfather. tina's not much of a one for upgrading her beliefs, which leads her to feeling stuck in certain situations...tina had a lot of things to be grateful for: nice husband and provider, didn't have to work, nice house, healthy kids, nice in-laws, college education, but she is not appreciative. tina's almost constant whining about things that would seem very small to anyone else, negated any effect this book could have had on me as portraying a mother depressed enough to jump off a bridge. she just seemed spoiled to me...for such a deep subject, this book lacked substance and seemed to tiptoe  around the issues. there is no calling a spade a spade - the whole thing is superficially written. anyone who's had to deal with real problems, especially while depressed, will not "get" this book
overly complicated and not particularly believable.i was disappointed in the latest lincoln rhyme mystery. the book had more twists than a chubby checker song and in the end they strained credibility...rhyme and sachs are called in to solve a string of murders by a serial killer calling himself the watchmaker. rhyme has met his match with the watchmaker, a meticulous killer who leaves nothing to chance and leaves few clues for rhyme to follow...running parallel to the story of the watchmaker, sachs is also lead detective on her first case - a case that appears to involve police corruption. sachs is juggling a heavy case load as well as rumours that her own father may have been corrupt. ron pulaski steps up to help with crime scenes and proves himself to be a smart and resourceful officer but ultimately it is up to rhyme and sachs to solve the case...the book introduces kathryn dance, a visiting californian expert in kinesics, the study of body language. dance helps interview suspects and witnesses and plays a role in solving the case. there is also a hint of romance with officer sellitto which is ultimately left hanging. the information about kinesics is interesting and dance is a character that could have used more development...the title of the book comes from a season in the lunar calendar, which is also a time of death. the book also contains a lot of information about clocks and time courtesy of the watchmaker. there was some fascinating information, but at times the book was bogged down in historical details about clocks...the book lurches from one plot twist to the next. at first it was exciting, but after a while it became tedious. nothing was what it seemed. further i found rhyme less likeable in this book - grumpy, bossy, pedantic and sarcastic. the only hint of humanity was in his fear that he may lose sachs...at times i found the writing clumsy. deaver uses cliched adjectives in his sentences to describes his characters, such as,."the handsome, sardonic and impatient criminalist".i found it trite to describe rhyme that way...this book is not as good as earlier rhyme mysteries.
get deke mcclelland's instruction books instead.adobe's instruction book are: very basic, and . . . boring.  get deke's books--you'll be glad you did
over rated.i heard all of these great things about this book etc...... so i got a copy and let me tell you it was a huge let down. i can honestly say it had loads of disgusting passages that i did not find at all entertaining. the "bowel movement" chapter was totally repulsive. i found it self indulgent, he had a crappy upbringing, that does not make for a good book
shallow self-indulgence.i like to use the amazon reviews when purchasing books, especially alert for dissenting perceptions about higly rated items, which usually disuades me from a selection.  so i offer this review that seriously questions the popularity of this work - i found it smug, self-serving and self-indulgent, written by a person with little or no empathy, especially for the people he castigates. for example, his portrayal of the family therapist seems implausible and reaches for effect and panders to the."shrink" bashers of the world. this "play for effect" tone throughout the book was very distasteful to me
horrible book, horrible..this book was horrible.  if it was possible to rate it lower than one star i would have.  i am an avid reader and picked this book up after my mom had gotten it from a friend.  i read half of it, suffering from a headache the entire time, and then got to the part about the relationship the 13 year old boy had with a 33 year old man and i lit this book on fire.  one less copy in the world...don't waste your money...i wish i had the time spent reading this book back so i could use it for better purposes.  this book wasted my life
running with scissors.if you like strange stories, you will love "running with scissors" because it is just plain weird.  after reading this book, you will have a feeling that you just returned from the twilight zone..marty wurtz.author of deceptions and betrayal
this is sick.i picked up this book read the reviews on the cover and was up for a funny book.  the book was anything but funny.  i read about half, up to.the point where he was in a mental institution and could not read anymore..i consider myself fairly liberal but this was too over the top for me.  the graphic details of his homosexual love affair with a 33 yr. old was just sick. i am not sure where this belongs as a novel or a memoir but i.had to throw it away because i did not want my children to get a hold of it.  i found the whole thing disturbing and failed to see the humor in these sick, mentally ill characters. i started hating them for the abuse they put their children through
unworthy of "american" in its title.the body project provides very selective leeway into the societal effects of african-american adolescent girls and their personal body projects. the main focus of this book is on the evolution of the white middle-class adolescent girl throughout american history. african-american and jewish girls are mentioned briefly in a few chapters, while other ethnic groups are simply never discussed. are these other various ethnic groups not worthy of their equal place in brumberg's book?.brumberg focuses on the evolution of the white middle-class female adolescent starting in the early 1800s and ending in the late 1990s. an evolution of the african american adolescent also took place during these times, but differently than that of their white female counterparts..in order to understand black american adolescents today, foundation for cultural practices must first be established. brumberg never mentions the coexistence of enslaved blacks, in america during the 18th or 19th centuries..though all women have the same biological anatomy, our genes vary, our cultures vary, so we should dispel the idea that when certain groups of women who menstruate earlier than others are abnormal or inferior. brumberg reveals that this type of thought was well circulated throughout the medical community remained true during the victorian period. the notion that black health was considered an expendable asset in the american medical community well through the early 1970s...one major issue that brumberg avoids is the abuse of children and adolescents. there is probably a close connection between the body projects that adolescents undertake and their harsh self-image...brumberg fails to expand on the greater idea that people exist who can never truly choose their identity before it first chooses them. many girls are intrinsically bound to a stereotype, despite self-image. possibly everyone has small things that they would like to alter about their physical appearances; however americans also fail to see these "body projects" as a form a western female mutilation, of which millions of women have fallen victim. plastic surgery is an ever-growing project that young girls obsess about. this standard idea of beauty that girls manipulate themselves on must disappear, before our individuality as women disappears.
good and bad.dick staub makes some very good points and conections to the training of a jedi in the ways of the force in star wars and the walk of a christian following god in life today.  however, he does misquote and misinterpret many quotes from the star wars movies, and i even found a misquotation from the bible.  he makes good points, but these details were distracting to me as i read.   i am not yet finished and will leave more once i am done...after finishing this book it occured to me that dick staub needs to take some time to do a couple of things. first he needs to re-read the bible and get facts correct (he quoted moses as saying something to joshua, but moses was dead at the time and god told it to joshua). second, he needs a simple commentary for the passages he misinterprets (he says david had uriah killed to be the only one bathsheba loved, he had uriah killed to cover up his sin). third he needs to re-watch the star wars movies and not bend the quotes of the characters to fit his book (he talks about obi-wan asking yoda for help in episode ii and portrays the event differently than it happens, as well as bends yoda's reaction to fit what he is trying to show). this book is not what i thought it was, and any christian who is young in their walk should not read this.
this book does not stay on target !.the book seems to miss the mark. it just seems like he thought he could slap star wars and christianity on it to make a quick buck. hey these 2 things have made tons of money in the past right? ok not a good idea to put the 2 things together. get dharma of star wars and leave this book on the dark side
great idea...wrong author.i was very excited when i came across this book.  i am both a christian and a star wars nut.  i began reading this book right away, and it started slow.  i kept reading, hoping it would really dive into some good contrast.  it never came.  i'm sure this guy meant well, but he had a very shallow knowledge of the star wars films, and on the christian side, everything felt like it was from a 5th grade sunday school class.  i want so badly for this book to be great, but it is not.   i wish i would have written it
fantastic book if you believe in jesus, but if you believe in yoda, think twice.from the christian stand point, it just reinforces everything you read about and hear about from principle christian literature...from the star wars mythology stand point, this book falls well short of explaining the hypocrisy of christianity and "the force". it is impossible to have a "lord of the force" because no one is capable of such omnipotence. the folk-lore associated with the star wars universe warns of such concentrated power. in fact, if a "lord" were to exist, he (because staub makes no mention of a female character) would probably be evil and practioner of the dark side. such power and knowledge can only be achieved by domination and aggression...first; anakin skywalker, the supposed massiah or "chosen one" is a prime example of staub's flawed argument. magically conceived, anakin is equally as flawed as any other human being. he ultimately commits the same flaws and the same sins any other human being would commit. yet, anakin gains redemption through the love of a son, and the strength of a spirit-- not the forgivness of a god or a lord...second, there isnt a clear black and white that determines good and evil. a lot of gray exists in the world of star wars, and there are many complexities that reflect out own world-- complexities a jedi christian would characterize as evil and thus irrelevant. staub doesn't address these complexities. in fact, the dogmatic beliefs of christianity are the same dogmatic beliefs that ultimately destroy the jedi order by the end of episode iii and destroy the emperor in episode vi...finally, i do credit staub with finding the commonalities between god's good works and the jedi order. but values like compassion, humility, and love for one another are values shared by nearly all world religions, not just christianity. everything described by staub can be found in other religions, not just christianity...if you're a star wars fans looking for religious guidance, i recommend "the dharma of star wars"-- and maybe you'll find an ultimate truth, not in the form of a "one true lord."
i had a bad feeling about this!  and i was right!.i was intrigued by the title, which supposedly links jedi wisdom to christianity.  well, after 60 pages or so, i have got the feeling that the staub is trying to wrap jedi in christian cloth and failing at that. the author speaks of the difficulty in leading a christian life.  but, i say that any religious life (be it christian, islam or otherwise) is hard because it turns the back on the norm or the conventional...i am convinced that yoda is a zen master; the force is derived from tao, not god as interpreted by the orthodox religion(i am purposefully leaving out christian mysticism, which is another beast altogether.). a better book on the subject of theology in star wars is "the dharma of star wars."
mostly unintelligible.i have been a fan of peter carey forever and have read all his work. his work, however,has become more bizare and unreadable with each new book. weird characters  and a brilliant command of the language have always been a part of his style,some of his stuff almost crossed the line (my life as a fake) to the inintelligible but theft makes it all the way. i found the characters somewhat boring, and the language, idioms, references to times and places impossible to understand in many cases. perhaps if you are a sydneysider or live somwhere else in that great and beautiful country the book will make some sense. but for the rest of us---i am really sorry to report the book is not readable. i quit after reading about 2/3ds and for me that is unheard of. i feel like i have lost at good friend
bloody awful.when i the reviews to this book i thought to myself: this is going to be the read of the summer. so naturally, i went to my local bookstore and paid $24.00. a few hours later, i went back and returned it. it was vulgar and had a story that went absolutely nowhere. i don't know why so many liked it but it was so mean and pointless, with no execuse for its swearing. literature isn't trash, mr. carey.
um, the 50's are over....robert putnam's book bemoans the declne in "civic participation" among americans since its heyday in the 50's and 60's.  although few would argue that bridge clubs aren't what they used to be, who would have predicted the rise of 20,000 member mega-churches back in 1962?  this underlines the basic problem with this book: it focuses too much on what constituted "communities" and "activities" in the past, without looking at how people form new and different kinds of communities today.  while i agree that television has dramatically increased the couch potato index, and participation in traditional formal organizations has declined, i would argue that membership and participation in new kinds of groups that are more relevant to people in the 21st century has risen.  for example, while young people famously are less likely to vote in our dual-party system, college students today volunteer more that any generation before them.  in addition, while participation in mainline protestant churches has stedily declined, engagement in evangelical churches has risen dramatically.  while i personally feel that the sterile suburban, drive-everywhere-in-my-suv existance is soul crushing, and the popularity of reality tv may be a sign of the apocolypse, i also don't pine for the days where mom was expected to stay home with the kids and go to the bridge club once a week, while dad worked 9-5, returned home to supper, and went to the men's club on tuesdays at 8.  and while putnam's basic premise may resonate with many, its fetishization of days past blunts the strength of his overall argument
save your money and go practice the golden rule.this more i think about this book, the more thought provoking it becomes.  first, i find it amazing that anyone could take a belief that's widely known (practically a cliche), add nothing of substance to it, and actually write a book about it.  second, i find it even more amazing that it took 134 pages to make the golden rule applicable to business.  third, and perhaps the most amazing of all, is the fact that i actually spent my own hard earned money on this book.  what amazing insights did i think would be uncovered?..i'll save you $9.72 (+s/h) and the 45 minutes it'll take you to read this.  here goes... unless you were raised by wolves, it's pretty likely you've heard of the golden rule.  ok, now think about how this rule can be applied to all of your business dealings.  that's it - you got it!..whew!  now that you have an extra $9.72 in your pocket and 45 minutes of free time, go practice that golden rule by treating your kids/grandkids/neighbors to some ice cream
the golden rule works, this book falls short.the application of the golden rule to our everyday lives is something that we can all agree is good.  john maxwell does a good job or defining the golden rule, its worldwide acceptance, and how we can apply it to our everyday.  it was more like a walk down memory lane; to a time when a teacher or mentor first explained the concept to us.  however i do have a few concerns with mr. maxwell's book.  first there might need to be a better job at researching fletcher thoughts on relativism...in his book he labels fletcher as the father of mordern day realativism...quoting (or rather misquoting) fletcher's statement that love can justify anything.  i am in not postition to defend fletcher, for i am not that familiar with his work, however he does not just use the term love.  rather he uses the term agape love, coming from the ancient greek...the highest and purest form of love...one that god would have for us, a term any minister or pastor of the christian faith would know very well.  second after page 86 the book get repediative and seems to get off track.  this links to my last issue with the book and why it gets a bit off track, as it turns into an advertisement for mr. maxwell's corporation, the last several pages are nothing but adverstisements asking you to visit their web site for free character quiz and then taking you down a road of buy...buy...buy our products.  not what i expected and was somewhat disappointed.  in short taking some know concepts, putting a somewhat of a new spin on them and then publishing to add another book to the list of those authored.  part of the disappointment is that i know this book could be better
disappointing.judy wardell wrote one of the very best, and first, non-diet books for achieving desired weight loss - quot;thin withinquot;. then she got married. i can only blame her husband for converting an imaginative, insightful writer into a bible-beating fundamentalist who quotes scripture in every paragraph
disappointing.i had never read a danielle steel book before, and decided to give her a try, given that she is so popular and has so many books published. i was pretty disappointed. i agree with the other reviewers that the plot is unrealistic; however, if a book is unrealistic but well-written and engaging, i would still like it. i think the biggest problem with this book is the author's excessive repetitiveness. yes, i get that this character is really cold and unloving---that was already covered 50 pages ago! in addition, character traits could have been better conveyed through situations, rather than simply stating, "so and so was a devoted mother" and repeating this fact again and again and again. these flaws in the author's writing kept me skipping through whole sections of the book. this book did not leave me wanting to read more of ms. steel's books. it is an ok book if you like romance and very easy, repetitive reading.
danielle's version of princess diana's fatal accident.this the first of daninell's books i read.  i learnt that she was the queen of romance novel since i was a teen.  i'm a little disappointed by the book because it's really boring for most of the part. it's like reading an alternative version of princess diana's traffic accident.  i realize that daniell likes to repeat herself a lot.  there are too many reptitions of descriptions of all kinds.  it's also too predictable.  to me, everything that bill did is really cheesy and unreal and his stubborness of rejecting and denying anabelle after he became paralysed makes me wonder what a tyranny psycho he is that he just wants to inflict pain on the woman who loves him and who has nobody there for her at all. it's really hard to believe any man who acts so unreasonably stubborn on his own version of love and happiness that he can actually be an ideal partner for any woman.  men like that are normally pretty controlling and emotionally abusive. this is the major element in the book that really turns me off.   i have to admit that the last part where anabelle finally convinced bill to be with her is quite touching.  i think ms. steel does have her crowds of fans.  my boyfriend's mother had been crying all the way thru the book.
that's it.ms.steel is truly the queen of repition. she needs to get some new editors and listen to them or unplug her word processeor. i see that is the ongoing critism of her books. i swore i was never going to read another of her soaps(i can't stand those either) but this given to me by friends that said it was sooo good.  i'll stick with the authours i know i like from now on. and i hope she finds some new descriptions to use besides impeccably and exquisite/exquisitely, she has worn these out. but she's laughing all the way to her banks and investment brokers
disapointed.i have all of nr books. this is one of the few that i have not been able to read. i have carried the hard cover book since it was first published, from ma, to california now to new hampshire. when packing space is premium this book is not worth taking up space. i have read up to the first 50 pages and can not progress from there...i move on to the next contract in 3 weeks and blue smoke is going into storage. that will leave room in the suitecase for her next book... a jd robb i believe..i was so glad to read the other reviews that had the same problems with reading this book as i did
disbelief really hard to suspend!.mine got unsuspended with the second boyfriend's death...i am a great fan of nora roberts and really looked forward to this book.  believe me, it is not one of her best...i started off admiring her setting and characterization of the hale family, but, then, this went on way too long.  it also took way too long to get to the real story. the middle of the book bogged down to the point that i had to make myself keep reading, which is very unusual for nora roberts...much of the plot was over the top unbelievable.  how many boyfriends of one person can be killed?  the 20 year mystic connection with bo doesn't quite come off, either...i'll certainly remain a great fan of roberts, but no one's perfect, i guess.
too graphic-too long to get somewhere.this book was so different from the usual nr story.  the burn scenes were too graphic and the rape scene was too graphic.  if you want romance, skip this.  it also seemed to take forever to get the book set up
a sad waste of paper - babbling brooks are better.having read many books on various financial subjects, this one is on my list as one of the top 10 wastes of time.  in fact i am only writting this to hopefully save you time!  warning! when the reviews are from annonymous 'a reader' be suspicious
interesting...but confusing.i agree with much of what has already been said as far as the amount of filler and the editorial glitches.  and can anyone figure out the last chart -- table 11.1?  these numbers make no sense and don't even correspond with the info on table 9.1.  i began the book with some excitement but ended up feeling very uncertain about the method
10% of this book is education about bonds; 90% stock basics.i bought this book because i wanted to learn more about investment products other than common stocks. instead, (in the book on tape), i got 5-10 minutes about the different types of bonds, a little detail about t-bills, and the frank admission that this book quot;doesn't really discuss corporate bondsquot;. what!? the whole rest of it is spent preparing you to run for cover for the upcoming crash of 2000 - for that, i must say he was prescient (too bad i didn't read this in 1999!). more time is spent describing the basics of common stocks, and how the major industrial averages are calculated than is spent on bonds! oh - and that wrong formula for computing the price/sales ratio erroniously also made it onto the cassette version. i actually had to rewind the tape to see if i had heard correctly
method is good, but the book is very poor!!!.the method of btdwb is good, but the book is very poor!!! there is serious mistake in the method described. dont forget to go to corrections to quot;17 simple steps to super returnsquot; for a further reading. (you can find it in amazon website----editorial reviews) but the correction is still containing mistake.  please note the gold price of the example in corrections to quot;17 simple steps to super returnsquot;!
subtle victim blaming.david brame was a chief of police who committed at least one rape of a woman other than his wife--whom he raped repeatedly---and terrorized certain members of his department, mostly the women.  he harassed and tormented his wife...this book could benefit from a little feminist perspective. in fact, it's not that shocking to find some cops are wife-beaters; it's a macho culture.  nor is it shocking to find a chief of police beating his wife----to whom, after all, would she report him? his own department?
not good science.while i appreciate what tipler was attempting to accomplish, he fails miserabley both from a theological and a scientific perspective.  skip this one!
p.o.s..tipler says many times "as i have proved".  huh? what the f is he talking about?  there is no proof in this stinking pile of filth.  he's got an abundance of physics in the back of the book-i'd like to hear from a physicist if any of that crap makes any sense, but i don't think it should matter.  i am intelligent enough to understand basic physics concepts, and tipler just doesn't make any sense.  his writing is so bad that anyone who reads this entire thing will have wasted a colossal ammount of time.  the more books you read, the sooner you know when to stop reading, put the book down, and read a work of fiction instead, which can play with such ideas without boring you to death
interesting theory...circular logic.i ran across this book at a local library and it picqued my interest.  tipler's theory of immortality, in a nutshell, is the following: 1) the planet earth...and all its living creatures are doomed as the sun will engulf the earth in ~1 billion years. 2) man will make self-learning and self-replicating machines (can windows xp do that?) that will colonize, over millions of years, our galaxay and, eventually, the entire universe. 3) these machines will be capable of individual thoughts, emotions, etc and are essentially "alive." 4) as the universe begins to collapse, the machines will be able to manipulate this collapse and prevent total destruction of the universe. 5) all the knowledge possessed by these machines will eventually coalesce into one "super being" at the center of the collapsing universe...this super being is the "omega point." 6) the omega point, via its "all knowledge of all things" will be able make emulations (exact duplicates) of all biospheres, including earth.  within these emulations, individual humans (you and me!) will be emulated.  thus we will again be "alive" as these "beings" in these emulations will be unable to tell if they're real or virtual....presto...immortality for all.  the book (theory) reeks of circular logic and assumptions.  it's an interesting theory, but it's just that, an interesting theory by a theoretical physicist.  ps: tipler denies the resurection of christ and in  the last chapter admits to being an aetheist.  (i wonder if he's a god-fearing aetheist?
absurdity.i'm not a big fan of existentialism to start out with, but i began this play expecting at least to find an interesting theme or philosophy concerning the nature of life and existence.  this work, however, is pure tripe.  critical appraisal should not even be attempted for this drivel- it's akin to the random scribblings of a two-year old or a mud-splattered canvas.  the drawing on the front cover has more artistic value than this play.  in my mind, it doesn't merit serious consideration and analysis, because it is by nature pure absurdity and nonsense.  beckett sure accomplished his goal though- look how many reviewers commented on the "extremely difficult themes" and "brilliant artistry" of the play
nothing new.wright presents no new information about al-qaeda, leaves out plenty of information about al-qaeda and neglects the usa side of "the road to 9/11."  understanding qutb's radicalization of islam is important to understanding why ayman al-zawahiri and usama exist and also why they failed at creating theocracies and were lame ducks until the usa found a use for them as an enemy.  what cannot be neglected is the myths spread about the united states by the neoconservatives and followers of leo strauss.  the united states is not a unique and beautiful snowflake.  the liberal idea of individual freedom was decried by strauss as destructive of the society of the usa and he told his followers to keep the public in line with grand myths about us exceptionalism.  after the the soviet union was kicked out of afghanistan, both qutb and strauss' followers believed they were the cause of it.  since the cold war the us has been working off of the "friend and enemy" model of policy formulated by carl schmitt and 9/11 presented the us with what schmitt called a "state of exemption."  if you think jihad was the cause of 9/11, ask yourself why richard clarke found bush and his advisors saying find a way to tie this to iraq hours after 9/11.  see the bbc documentary, "the power of nightmares" or "from secularism to jihad: sayyid qutb and the foundations of radical islamism" by adnan a. musallam or the political ideas of leo strauss by shadia drury for a better analysis of qutb and strauss than wright has in his book.  if you prefer to stick with fiction about "the road to 9/11," check out patrick s. johnston's novel "mission accomplished.
should be "lies in this book".i first thought that the book was pretty entertaining until the section on the mining hall of fame.  i actually know about this museum in leadville co.  the author falsely alludes to the museum being a product of "big business" to promote their agenda.  this museum actually took many years of interested individuals' efforts to create.   the author seems to be upset because the museum doesn't tell the whole story about mining methods and their impact.  this museum was never intended to do that.  there are dozens upon dozens of mining museums across the country that does this.  the mining hall of fame primarily focuses on notable people who have contributed to mining in the us.  many of the inductees had not only a major impact on mining in the us, but also the world.  the author is critical because the type of people he would like to see inducted in the museum are not represented, and alludes to racism.  he uses an example of a native american "discovering" uranium in the 1950's in new mexico, and asking why this person is not in the hall of fame.  gee, could it be that uranium was actually discovered many years before?  after all, they did mine uranium in nm for the atomic bomb during the 1940's.  i did not finish the book because it was obvious that using actual facts were beyond the scope of this book....
censorship?."lies across america" is a wolf in sheep's clothing.  disguised behind this book's apparently innocuous political correctness lies a new form of pernicious censorship.  even though the author claims that he has no intent to rip down monuments, much of his reasoning is deeply flawed.  instead of doing original research into the various subjects that he writes on, like a good professor should do, he summarizes a book, says it presents correct conclusions, and then says that the old thinking is wrong.  case in point, is the chapter on the burning of columbia, south carolina during the civil war.  instead of looking at all the evidence on what happened when sherman marched into the city in 1865, loewen quotes two books which he seems to think draw the correct conclusions, and says that sherman really had nothing to do with burning the city.  thus, almost all the historical markers in columbia are wrong, or so loewen seems to hold.  not the most convincing argument...loewen goes on to say interesting things in his book but goes absolutely nowhere with them.  for instance, he says that the confederate relic room in columbia may be "the least accurate museum operated by a state government anywhere in the united states."  why does he say this?  what evidence does he have to support this other than the museum says that sherman and his troops burned down 80 % of the city?  another diatribe against south carolina is found in the appendix, where loewen says that john calhoun has no "redeeming characteristics, so i suggest removing him to museums from marion square in charleston, the south carolina state house, calhoun college at yale, the united states capitol, and wherever else he sits in a place of honor."  loewen pretends to be upholding historical realism with quotes from paul fussell (a real historian), but in fact his true agenda is just liberal censorship...we in america are fortunate that we do not have a strictly homogenous society.  the united states is a society founded by all different types of religions and ethnicities and we should celebrate these differences.  however, just because we disagree with cultures and ideas long ago, that does not mean they are not worth studying.  there are always people that we agree with, and disagree with.  the beautiful thing about open societies like america is that we can read and listen to people that we disagree with, and then make up our own minds.  the great jurist oliver wendell holmes wrote long ago that "the ultimate good desired is better reached by free trade in ideas -- that the best test of truth is the power of the thought to get itself accepted in the competition of the market, and that truth is the only ground upon which their wishes safely can be carried out."  censorship, whether propagated by liberals or conservatives, can only stand in the way of this marketplace of ideas.  to say that an important 19th century politician like john calhoun is not worth studying is just simply intellectually dishonest, especially from a professor.  in conclusion, a book like this should have a place in the marketplace of ideas, but when it comes down to buying into loewen's theories, i'm glad i checked it out at the library.
three years later....it took me 3 years to read this book - should i end the review now? it's not because i am an extremely busy person, or because the book was so enormous that i read it endlessly for that long. no, the reason it took me 3 years to read this book is because it's just not very good. as excellent as lies my teacher told me was, this was equally bad...the book is a collection of small essays about various roadside memorials, or statues, or other historical tidbits that adorn the united states landscape. loewen goes on to expound how incorrect all of them are, in the process suggesting that - now get this - there is racism in this country. nothing in this book is eye-opening, by a long shot. while some essays do shed some interesting light on our history, the majority of these essays can be summed up by saying that white people have treated black people and indians poorly. what a surprise. in his next book we may find out that the sun rises in the east...i'm utterly baffled how anyone can give this book 5 stars. this is a 2 star book which narrowly escapes the fate of a single star only because some of the history here is enlightening, to an extent. the vast majority deals with the deep south and it's predilection towards racism...in any book which the author doesn't have enough material to sufficiently back his claim, he will resort to such tactics as telling one side of the story or failing to give the full history of the situation. loewen does both, often times leaving the essay a bare skeleton of what it might have been; leading the attentive reader wondering why things don't seem to add up on the pages of his text...i feel like the motivating force of this book was to make money, and little else. perhaps there was a drive to create controversy. but the book is so tame that it can hardly do that. the pages are mostly a chore to get through, as evidenced by the 3 year period it took me to get through it. truth be told, it may have been sitting on my night stand for 4 years. either way, i found it dreadfully difficult to pick it up most days...entirely not worth it
a joke.this book says absolutely nothing about the condition that america is in today; it says nothing about american history, nor the american people. it is just a collection of mindless warblings, fatuously childish ad hoc remarks by a doddering old fool who has made a career out of bootlicking the racist right. i would not recommend this even for kitty litter. burn it
breathtakingly ignorant; don't waste your money.dinesh d'souza, who emigrated here from calcutta in 1978, displays a level of ignorance of american history, politics, economics and culture that is laughable.  but for the immigration reform act of 1965 - which was bitterly opposed by those conservatives who now treat d'souza as their pet token, yet which was pushed through by the liberals he so despises - d'souza probably wouldn't even be in this country.  for him to accuse both pat buchanan and the rev. jesse jackson of "hating" america demonstrates the pathetic level of his discourse.  don't bother
good, with one major problem.this is on the overall a good book as the other reviews have testified.  there is one major problem, the author talks very little about risk...she recommends that you get deeply into debt and use that leverage to make money.  that's ok and many people have made money that way.  many people have also lost their shirt that well as well.  the book would have been much enhanced is she spent a chapter talking about the risks involved with taking on massive amounts of debt, especially for the small investor - the target audience - who likely doesn't have much to lose.  she should've included several case studies, some that look those who have successfully used leverage (debt), and looked at some who lost everything.  then she could've analyzed what were the underlying factors and decisions that led to either failure or success...instead the author casts debt in an overly positive light, saying almost nothing about the risks involved.  this is all well for her, she began to buy several years before the biggest real estate boom in the history of the country.  but there have been plenty of real estate markets in the past where investors took on too much debt and lost not only their investment properties, but everything else as well...any credible book about investing has a responsibility to spend a healthy amount of time discussing risk.  it's like being enthusiastic about a medication but not saying anything about the potential side effects or hazards.  such an approach is bad medicine, and ms. thomas' book is bad teaching because she ignores the subject of debt, and for that reason i took off 3 stars...beyond that, it's a very good starter book.
an absolute waste of precious trees.i truly feel sorry for pynchon, knowing that writing this atrocity of a novel probably cost him many months of life.  by all means, if you want to read it, get it from the library as i strongly advise against laying out cold cash for this mockery.  does anyone really care that a man's sexual episodes predict german v rockets falling on england?  is it really important to world literature that a man dreams he is being sucked down a toilet surrounded by crap and toilet paper and can even smell which race the crap came from?  the so-called intellectuals who praise this claptrap are the same great thinkers that believe ulysses by james joyce is the best novel of all time.  i would rather read the worse writing of de balzac than waste one more second perusing either of these novels.  both these "novels" are truly "sound and fury .... signifying nothing."
confusion's dumpster.i lived in germany a few years ago and found this book in a train station.  someone had just walked off and left it.  after about ten pages, realizing that pynchon was an intellectual rip-off artist, i secured it a trash can where no one could find it.  i like to think i protect the public from pollution.
the literary equivalent of hurling buckets of paint at a canvas.rarely is pretentious drivel so profoundly trite.  perfectly exemplifies the great post-modern con.  a chaotic assemblage of random terms to which meaning is later ascribed, so much like a certain nostradomus...there are two principle types of literay work:..1. that which is to be read. and of course..2. that which is to be carted about, the title clearly visible, with a look of supreme smugness upon the owner's face...gravity's rainbow is quite obviously a work of the latter category...you see, i've come to the think of myself as something of an amateur post-modern poet; here is an example of my work:..ball, kite, wolf, sky, space, heart, moon, expand, window, flowing, profound, pompous, gravity's rainbow...you see i'm quite the literary genius, somebody give me an award!!!..what you fools fail to realize is that the post-modern style is simply a tool enabling those of simple mind to veil their lack of true artistry behind absurdity
you've got to wonder.every reviewer rates this an exceptional book and every reviewer has only rated one book, this one. isn't that strange (rhetorical question). i read a great many reviews of trading books; go to a book by elder or one of the other market gurus and you'll find reviewers who have read and reviewed scads of trading books. there's of course no way for me to know, but maybe the author's real talent is writing trading book reviews
this song best left unsung.the history of the book when it was published tells it all. after a media blitz and great anticipation with what would be written - due to brando pocketing an absolutely huge advance - the sales were so abysmal that it was discounted by fifty-percent or more less than two weeks after sitting mostly unsold on store shelves...it was supposed to be the reflections of arguably the greatest actor of his generation, but unfortunately songs my mother taught me is nothing but psycho-babble with a text that can be read (skimmed) very quickly...the only thing i determined was brando very early in the writing process decided he was going to be as difficult on this "set" as he reportedly was with most of his film directors...next to gerald ford's brief and boring book published after his controversial presidency, songs my mother taught me is perhaps the most disappointing publication by a major public figure in the latter portion of the last century.
how to arrange your couch and loveseat.this book was a huge dissapointment.  every single layout was the same. arrange your sofa and loveseat facing each other, throw a crappy plant against the wall...the pictures were dated looking and in black and white...there is nothing this book has to offer that you cannot glean from watching 1  evening of hgtv
disappointing, rambling, and, ironically, depressing....yes, i bought this book with the hope of increasing my hope regarding writing...first, i was first disappointed by the style of the author. the text rambled with anecdotes, that began to repeat themselves so insidiously by the middle of the book gave up and went to the last four chapters hoping there would be some more helpful and encouraging matter. unfortunately, those chapters read like the earlier ones...second, i was surprised to find ninety-percent of the text were anecdotes strung together about horrible trials of famous and not-so-famous authors. the anecdotes are depressing, not hopeful. quite honestly, reading about hundreds of authors, each of who sounded like job in their trials, was depressing. given i wouldn't fancy myself as a future grisham or rowling or whatever, reading awful stories about how they almost didn't make it don't inspire hope...books i have enjoyed much more include zinsser quot;on writing well,quot; which melds interesting stories with great writing and instruction; stephen king's combination autobiography and how to, quot;on writingquot;; and of course, keeping track of the guest columns in the new york times on writing..
a contrarian perspective.among the reviewers, i am in a minority that does not think this book is such a high achievement. it is a mixture of facts and speculation, with theoretical terminology superimposed upon them. there is no clear criterion why some facts are included and others are excluded, and i have no idea what the lesson of this book is supposed to be. in fact, this is a self-indulgent exercise in historical erudition. i don't care what anybody else says, this is a philosophy rather than history book. the author gives a lot of facts, but he also frequently mistakes logical constucts for facts. the author tries to integrate almost everything under the sun into this tome, and that is why he ends up with a bloated work that oppresses the reader with needless information
what a crappy book.i'm thankful that i was able to get this book at the library and didn't spend $15.00 buying it.  i own the blue day book by the same author and i think it's fantastic and it cheers me up right away.  he should have stopped with that book. it claims to be a witty, thought-provoking book that makes an ideal gift for anyone who's seeking their true purpose and wants to laugh along the way.  the only thing this book has going for it is the amazing animal pictures.  it did have one thought that i really liked:  quot;some people say that life is all about acquiring knowledge.  if that's true, then why do smart people dress so badly?quot
nothing special here.i read this short novel because i greatly admired shaara's pulitzer prize winning "killer angels," and because i'm a baseball fan.  the novel feels more like an outline or first draft than a completed work about an aging pitcher.  it's a bit shallow and predictable in its plot.  the characters are what one expects in all too many sports novels and short stories.  the feel or atmosphere just isn't quite there...any baseball fan will see flaws in the book right away, flaws that distract and damage the work.  shaara sets most of the novel in yankee stadium with the hawks playing the yankees.  why the author chose to have one real team against a fictional team is unclear.  the hawks apparently are from atlanta, but an atlanta team, braves or hawks, whichever, would not be playing the yankees interleague on the next to last day of the season.  finally, when a visiting pitcher goes out to warm up before the game, he does so in the semi-hidden bull pen down the left field line in yankee stadium--not on the mound on the field...this book was published posthumously and mr. shaara perhaps never had a chance to polish his prose--prose that was excellent in "killer angels."  it's unfortunate...there are glimmers of interest in the book, but not enough to recommend it to baseball fans or fans of the author's other book
more quotes and facts, less opinions and emotions..first of all, i did not exactly 'read' this biography. instead i purchased the cd version which i distilled via my car sound system every morning on my way to work (i have enjoyed countless biographies of great american figures this way, and still been able to read many more technology related books)...i had great expectations from this book, having recently enjoyed three biographies of lincoln. i have to confess that i was sorely disapointed. i found the research of mr mccullough to lack the kind of details that i have enjoyed in biographies from walter isaacson, richard carwardine, or doris goodwin. i do not seek a beautiful story in a biography, but rather a reliable source of facts that i can use to form my own opinion of a character. in this context, i find mr mccullough's use of superlatives or long emotionally charged sentences to be a distraction from the subject matter of john adams and his contribution to america. i also enjoy direct quotes from letters, speaches, autobiographies, as they help me refine my impressions of the context (the period, the relationships to contemporary characters, ...) surounding a promonent figure. usage of the english language in politics has dramatically evolved since mr adams' time, and i missed 'hearing' the voice of john adams. instead, this biography felt like reading a translation where the personality of the translator overshadows the personality of the original author. finally, having read other biographies of the founding fathers, i was disapointed to find so little about the complex relationship between adams and franklin...all in all, my lasting impression is that mr mccullough did a great job at bringing john adams and the early american revolution to the masses through a very appealling product that may however leave readers asking for more historical details and less emotional opinions. had i known that, i might have passed on this biography and instead explore mr mccullough's fictional work
swindled.i think i know how this book was written.  a whole lot of cut and paste from u.s. law code with some mediocre story telling sprinkled in.  if you want to be technical and write in the language of professional law, fine.  but this is not the series to do it in.
dry and boring.  could barely keep my eyes open..unlike the rest of the rich dad books that i've read -- which were for the most part fantastic -- this book was terrible.  michael lechter may indeed be a very bright guy and a star in his field, but he is an absolutely horrendous writer.  the intro by robert kiyosaki was the only really enjoyable part to the book.  lechter immediately jumped into complex explanations of the various types of ip protection available without really clarifying anything for the lay person like me.  and no real life examples of anything -- just references to a couple hypothetical "horror stories" that he relays at the beginning of the book.  the only reason i gave this book 2 stars and not 1 is because at the very least i was able to get some basic definitions of ip terms down.  but i guess i could've gotten that from a dictionary too
such a dissapointment!!!.although i have found robert kiyosaki's books to be excellent, i am so unimpressed, bored, and resentful of this book. basically, it is almost 300 pages of this phrase right here: "get professional help". there- done. you have now read the book. i agree with many of the other reviews here, in that it really isn't helpful to someone interested in protecting their ideas, but only helpful to kiyosaki and the author. this is an "advisor" series book, and it has made me skeptical of the rest of them. sales dogs is also not helpful unless you are already experienced in sales
a little too disjointed.when i bought this book, i didn't realize it was mostly just a consolidated writing of friedman's collumns in the times.  i think friedman is a great author with lots of great insights, but he isn't able to go into his ideas in depth as much as i would have liked in a bunch of detached 750-1000 word segments.  since the sections are arranged chronologically, there also isn't the opportunity to tie the themes together...if you really like friedman, then it's worth a read, but if you are in it for just one, i'd read the lexus and the olive tree first.  it is by far his best
rightwing hack spouts economic drivel.the only thing milton friedman has going for himself is that he says out loud what other reactionaries will only whisper...ayn rand would have loved friedman's disdain for the poor--for anyone, in fact, lacking the "initiative" famously shown in a 1963 cartoon in which barry goldwater stands in front of a poor person in a southwest ghetto and says, "why don't you show some initiative? why don't you go out and inherit a department store like i did."..if you think the status quo was ordained by god, or that capitalism is the best that humanity can come up with, this book is for you. if not, start reading trotsky, lenin, and all the people with vision, compassion, and utter disgust for the sad mess that the fat cats have made of this planet.
painful.not very scary, too long, and poor character development.  there are a lot of good reviews about the book.  maybe i missed something
terrible.ripping off king, but with more sex, shallower characters, and a hollywood ending. leave it on the shelf
intelligence of dogs.the press on this book indicated it was written with charm and wit.  unfortunately it did not live up to that notice.  the author is pedantic and takes himself and his subject much too seriously
smart dogs, dumb authors.i couldn't even begin to count all the things stanley coren gets wrong in the intelligence of dogs.  for instance, in one section he claims that dogs have the ability to do math but in another part of the book he claims they can't tell the difference between a tug toy and human skin.  the first is clearly way beyond a dog's capacity, while the second is something which comes totally natural to them.  how did coren get things so backwards?..and the "intelligence" tests he provides have nothing to do with intelligence but in how focused or driven a dog is to do the test (or game) while you're doing it.  for instance, i tried one of the tests with my dog by putting a piece of food under a towel, then waited to see how long it took him to find the treat.  i'd still be waiting if i hadn't decided he'd never look under that towel.  then i tried the same game by teasing my dog with one of his favorite toys.  then i hid it under the towel, and it took him less than a second to get that toy.  so my dog is apparently both on the smarter and dumber ends of coren's intelligence spectrum.  (this is just one example, by the way: the whole idea of testing a dog's iq like this is bogus.)..and don't get me started on coren's pedantic retelling of the alpha myth.  granted, he wrote this book before the latest research on wild wolf packs proved that there's no such thing as a dominance hierarchy, or an alpha wolf, or the rest of that alpha nonsense.  though, i doubt if even that data would change coren's mind.  after all, he seriously recommends rolling your dog over on its back every day and pulling one of the animal's hind legs in the air to create a posture which supposedly "signifies submission to the pack leader."  (really?  dogs use "signifiers" now?)..the funny thing is, shortly after reading that passage i saw a wolf documentary on tv and the papa wolf did the exact opposite or what coren recommends!  he rolled over on his back and let the pups jump on top of him and bite his nose!  they loved it!  so i tried what the papa wolf did with his pups with my dog--an alpha male, if there ever was one--and he loved it.  and later that night, on our last walk, he was ten times as obedient to me than he had been before i'd mimicked the papa wolf's behavior.  again, coren had everything exactly backwards to reality...this "through the looking glass" quality persists throughout the book, with coren even saying that dogs are capable of hypothetical, symbolic, and conceptual thinking.  wha..?  i'm sorry.  i love dogs and i think they have wonderful abilities that should be honored and respected, but the abilities they do have are geared for being a dog, not a mini-me with four legs and a tail.  for one thing, fully one third of a dog's brain is devoted to processing olfactory information, and none to processing symbols and concepts.  i think coren needs to do a little more research on comparative neuroanatomy and actual wolf behavior before he makes more ridiculous claims like the ones he made in this inane book.
yawn.i read about one hundred pages and then, when the consistency of the plot did not improve beyond that of an extra runny rice pudding, i quit. this was my first king book and i am not rushing out to buy another one, especially since it appears to me that this author is unable to pen down anything less than a 1000 pages...is it any wonder that it is selling on amazon for a penny? actually, i would not even pay that for a product that is as exciting as a bag of wet hair
boring....a great portion of the book is very boring. i really felt like rushing through the book. i don't recommend this book to other
this book is a "must pass".i can't believe people are actually raving about this book. i was so offended by the inappropriate language that i could not possibly enjoy the experience of reading the story. the main character is acting like she is 3, rather than 32. this is hardly destined to be a classic and i would not recommend it to anyone who has any literary taste.
really bad!.good golly this is a terrible book!  i endured the first 100 pages hoping it would get better and when it didn't, i skimmed to the end.  the plot is vapid, the writing is choppy and awkward, and i could guess the outcome by page 15.  rich plows through the story,  not really explaining or developing anything, seemingly writing down the first idea that pops into her head.  her lame attempts at humor are just that - lame.  there is no character development or realism here.  this is a book where total strangers become best friends in a five minute phone call, loving parents disown their daughter because she is trapped in an abusive relationship, a 32-year-old names all her bottles of scotch "albert," and terms like "hoo-wah" and "bo-doob-oom-chaa" are meant to convey that a character is falling in love...one of the things i really hate is when authors serve up a perfect character, one absolutely devoid of flaws or realistic human behavior, in an attempt to make the readers care.  rich has swung too far the other way and has developed one of the most loathsome and irritating protagonists i have ever had the misfortune to meet.  wanda is a selfish, obnoxious, loud-mouthed brat and by the end of the first chapter i was earnestly rooting for her complete and total demise.  the other character's sudden affections for her are wholly without merit and seem contrived, to say the least.  the front and back covers are littered with glowing tributes by other authors.  if they really think this is good writing, i'll make sure to avoid their works as well as rich's...the author's note brags that the first draft of this book was written in 25 days.  i believe it.  maybe she should take a bit more time with her next attempt, if there is one
basic job hunting info and misleading career guidance.i came across this book when advising a friend's college-age child who was researching careers and was using this book...on the plus side, the book does contain info on basic job search skills.  i would say that most (if not all of it) is now widely available via the internet...very troubling was the inaccurate guidance regarding specific careers - some of it was just outdated, but some of it was inaccurate to the point of being "dangerous" for a reader with little knowledge or experience, and who would choose to spend time/effort pursuing a career based on the info in this book.  i would have to recommend against using this book as a key source for making a career choice
you will be a dummy if you depend on this book.sorry, i just cannot believe that the quot;humorousquot; and quot;honestquot; approaches recommended in this book will work. it all seems very idealistic, flaky and undignified. i value honesty (and humor too!) but there is also something to be said for modesty and decorum. i would find someone using these strategies very off-putting -- the words quot;sense of entitlementquot; come to mind. and i am not conservative. so what would a conservative employer think
some things aren't funny....i generally like david sedaris; in fact he's one of my favorites. but when his stories veer off into the death of children, almost gratuitously, i can't see the humor. this is, please note, the first book of his that i haven't enjoyed. but it's got a couple of gruesome episodes that jarred the joy out of me
not much of a holiday.perhaps listening to the audiotape intensified the smug, "aren't i hilarious?" tone of this book. note: it is entirely possible that i am not clever enough to understand the humor of this book.  or even to identify the humor in the book...the story of the two families competing with each other - to the point of handing over their children to be abused by a beggar, and donating various organs - was the train wreck of the holiday tales.  (although it may have been the story about the preacher, i can't say for sure because i gave that deadly tale five minutes to redeem itself before skipping it entirely.  so, in fact, perhaps the story is not about a preacher.  i'll never know.  neither should you.)..i think it's fair to say that the self-satisfied, condescending narrator of these tales simply couldn't bring himself to care about his characters.  they're simply dimensionless, cliched props - the self-centered suburban woman, the socially competitive neighbors - that should immediately journey to oz so that they can collect the hearts and brains of which sedaris has seen fit to deprive them...speaking of hearts and brains, this book could use a hefty dose of those, too.
secret code?  ha ha ha!.mr. "dow 36,000" wants you to believe him this time.  no, really, he means it.  right.  in 2005 he he wrote an article denying that there was a housing mania about to go bust.  i think that's a pretty good indication that there is a housing mania about to go bust.  this guy is amazing
much too long and much too boring.....stephen king is a master of suspense, but for whatever reason he decided to leave his trademark out of this apocalyptic 'masterpiece.'..i'm not sure what all the hype is about with this novel. i found it much too long and anti-climactic. the character development is extensive and wonderful, but if i had to read about one more commitee meeting i was going to throw the book out the door. near the book's end i was ready for them all to die just so the story would stop...the great parts of this book were much too few and far between to justify the length. in the end i understood why his editors cut it down. i had much more fun reading salem's lot
is this book for real?.this is the first ds book that i have read in about 20 years  it made me realize why did i try again???????..can i really find a book centered around a 70 year old male stud-muffin real?  i wonder to myself if anyone has ever portrayed a 70 year old female stud muffin? i would hope as we age we would like to be portrayed with a bit more substance...coop only dates 20 something's.  he has a 20 something porn star black-mailing him that she is pregnant with his child.  this doesn't bother his new girlfriend, an (early 30's) resident pediatrician, who works in icu with preemies at all, who tells him to "have her get an abortion".  a bit too blas for me.  coop is supposed to be unbelievable beautiful  sexy.  i had a hard time getting into this premise...the way ds totally changes his character toward the end is unbelievable.  everyone falls in love all of the sudden with the other characters.  every character is, of course, extremely wealthy (even though several are hiding it). most characters are extremely beautiful  look many years younger than they are.  i realize we read to escape but this was a bit too much even for ds.
disappointed.i had not read danielle steel in several years.  i found the cottage to be shallow, implausible, and completely predictable.  i was very disappointed with this work
"what to expect" way off the mark.i read this book after reading "what to expect when you're expecting" and was very disappointed.  i liked "expecting," most likely because while pregnancies differ, the biology is pretty much the same for everyone, so it's hard to miswrite pregnancy.  however, after reading "first year" i have found myself overly concerned for no reason simply because a lot of what is in this book has not accurately described my child's behavior or abilities.  i know the authors put out the disclaimer that every baby is different, but i'm not talking about when kids will walk or talk.  i'm talking about their claim that babies can feel embarassment at the age of ten months or understand that i want my son to help clean up if i hand him a paper towel.  additionally, the book does not always offer a good answer to a question...the answer usually comes in the form of "some babies will, some babies won't."  how is that helpful?!!  after noting a string of inconsistencies and claims that are simply false, i finally had to put the book down or drive myself crazy.  in long, i do not recommend this book to anyone, particularly a first time mother.
nice but better books out there.this is a "sweet" book that is very reassuring.and interesting to read if you don't have anything better to do..but as a mom, who has time for this?.don't we all look up things in a state of diress, hoping to find concrete useful information delivered rapidly in the least words possible?.well, you won't find that here..this book is full of very nonspecific, sometimes outdated information delivered in a very wordy style..the whole book is written in long paragraphs.  there are very few tables or charts.  it's very wordy..just to give you an example, i looked up fluoride supplementation..it addresses the topic using nearly a full page, but never tells you the actual amount your baby should have depending on his age!.more concise and concrete information is available in pediatrician dr. ari brown's "baby 411"!.i gave this book one star because aside from being too general, some of the information in it is outdated, or in the category of "old wives tales" !.save your money and skip the "what to expect" book
eat great, lose weight (miniature edition).i was very disappointed in this book even though it was a miniature.  some of the pages were blank, having not even been printed.  i figure the book was a total loss of money spent
some friend.marlon brando once said that his friends don't write books about him.  so what does that make englund?  marlon said about carlo fiore, a once questionable so-called friend, that he probably wrote his book about marlon because that's all he had left.  the same seems to apply to englund.  i mean, why describe the gory details of marlon's last night on earth in such a disgusting manner that leaves such a bad taste in our mouths about the ultimate acting icon?  seriously, would a real 'friend' have done such a thing?  why not leave us with some glorious memory of marlon as a true friend would.  i mean, without the help of englund's book, marlon left behind a legacy of fine art and entertainment that still amazes, inspires and motivates young actors and the world at large today.  why taint that legacy with a discussion of backsides and dung as the last thing said about the brando legend?  if marlon could go his whole lifetime and remain an enigma (why we love him), and i believe he did it on purpose, what gives this so-called closest lifelong friend of his the right to expose him by sharing intimate details that he probably knows marlon would never approve of and still call himself a friend?  he's a sell-out jerk to me, but that's just my opinion.  would alice marchak (marlon's assistant) or jocelyn (marlon's sister) ever write a book about marlon?  i don't think so. and they knew him best and would probably have gotten paid major big bucks to write something, anything about marlon. they didn't because people who truly love you don't do that.  englund would have been more of a friend if he had just kept his big mouth shut and respected the greatest actor ever, but instead he proved just how much of a friend he may have been in life, but not at all in death.  that is the lowest of all the slimballs because marlon probably died thinking this sell-out was his friend.  not!!!..now that i think about it, while this guy is trying to make everybody think that once marlon had made his peace with him he could go on and die now, marlon, in all his glorious brilliance to the end, may have set this guy up, knowing his greed would lead him to go public with marlon's backside and dung details and show what a jerk he is.  now that sounds like a marlon prank, being transparent and naked enough even in his darkest hour to expose the greed that lied in this so-called lifelong friend's heart.  obviously marlon knew englund and that he wasn't a friend. marlon knew englund would prove his greed, along with his disloyalty, by making the stupid choice of painting for the world such a gory picture of marlon's last night when marlon was brilliant enough and deserved better from a "friend".  the ultimate acting icon pulling the ultimate set-up. way to go marlon!  you were a genius to the end.  i see clearly, this bum for what he is.  englund said that even on his death bed marlon said "f death".  well i say even on his death bed marlon said "f you georgie".
a downer!.a real downer. i realize marlon brando's life had many sadnesses, but this book really seemed to dwell on them. mr englund told of how he thought. i wanted to hear how mr brando thought..the ending really ticked me off...i saw no need for the story of butch, the dog..a too sad story..i do agree with the review by book review weekly.
alex rider series jumps the shark . . ..some of the other alex rider books may have been a little predictable, but ark angel is by far the worst book in the series.  as if someone with a cheesy tattoo of the world covering their head isn't bad enough, this book really "jumps the shark", not only does anthony horowitz yet again use the "corrupt rich guy" plot (this may have something to do with his childhood . . .), but at the end of the book alex gets launched into space.  save your $15 and buy maximum ride by james patterson or a scott westerfeld book instead
read ladislas farago to really learn about patton.this book is taken almost word for word in the intro from the movie "patton" based on ladislas' book.  it contains typos such as 'd day' and also does not give any insight into the man.  connecting patton to  deming seems a bit ridiculous to someone with knowledge of the two  men...patton did not consider war 'great', per se', and should not be  idolized.  he enjoyed it and was excellent at it, however he agonized over  the men he lost.  perhaps that is the analogy that businessmen should make  today
scraps left behind..this book is only a shadow of what bukowski can do. i was very dissapointed with his wife being so hell bent on releasing his unpublished work. these poems are all ones that he would have never released had he  been alive. they have no charm and show nothing of his talent. his wife i  guess thought they were good enough to be released. i beg to differ. if you  want a good collection of his poems from the last years of his life check  out betting on the muse which is an amazing book
women are from vaginas and men are too.f this self-help industry crap. quasi-astrological poppycock at its worst. i can tell this book clamps on to the mind and squeezes it to death merely by reading the cliched title. humans are far more complex than the hack man-warrior/female-maiden title what's-his-name gives them. and remember, this "doctor," is quietly making mucho mucho bucks off your poor purchase. your goddamned ancestors never needed a book to run their lives, so why do you? let's push all the life coaches off cliffs and put the self-help industry to the torch. that's a great start to a sane life
he lacks real experience with relationships!.insane. that anyone would ascribe to these ideas...let alone actually trying to apply them. i've listened to the tapes, read the books, became more incensed as i went along. yes, there are differences between the sexes, but this guy doesn't come close to getting it right, and if you're a man following his advice, then you can write off having a long-term with an intelligent woman. this fool creates "escapes" and excuses for sheer bad behaviour of some men, claiming that it's innate to the male gender,  and would suggest that their women forgive them for it!.sure, forgive them....but expect them to grow up at some point!.i support equal respect for men from women, and vice versa. if i catch you flirting with other women, and expecting carnal favors rather than gently soliciting them, then supporting your bad behaviour with this garbage book, i'll shove mister, (not doctor)gray's book where the sun don't shine..for those looking for a better appraisal than mine, please google the rebuttal from uranus, they really capture the truth
the whole book is built on one idea, but it is not enough....this book rests entirely on one idea, with which you are teased from the very beginning. by the middle, it can be pretty much guessed, but you still have a long way to go before the last sentence finally confirms your worst suspicions...the fact that the main character is the head of the most powerful investigative agency on the planet is also a spoiler, because he can too easily get what he needs at every twist and turn...a further aspect that irritated me was the fact that the authors (a couple, writing under one name) made several mistakes about things italian (italy is where a good deal of the book takes place), all of which could have been easily researched. i might be too demanding considering that this is meant for pure entertainment, but even when i read non-scholarly books, i expect some attention to detail...i seriously doubt that i will ever pick out a john case again.
fast fun read.not  a profound book. lots of story-telling to make a few good points. a fast and fun read.
shallow, uninspiring, uninteresting.as a lecturer of e-commerce, i was looking forward to reading this book on the social implications of the internet.  however, i am most disappointed with the boring and superficial way the subject is explored.  the author takes a couple of anecdotical examples to show the concequences in the shift of power that the internet has brought about.  the result is a disjointed treatment of an otherwise most interesting topic.  i have nothing good to say about this book - money wasted
collection of interesting tech events - no significant trend.the author attempts to paint some trends from haphazard internet-related happenings. his intent seems to be to say --..the internet changes _everything_, becomes a social leveller. youngsters are making big changes not just in inventing new things, but also new processes, new paradigms, and oldies feel endangered and rightfully so...he uses stories like a kiddie making big stock gains and being investigated by sec, another being a freelance lawyer and making it big fast, yet another writing programs to napsterize everything...he indicates "flattening" of normally hierarchically defined relationships in society and corporations, and has this concept of "insiders" being unseated by "outsiders" due to the ease with which radical new ideas can be imagined, developed and brought to market, thanks to the internet...there is some truth to his observations, but the few examples he quotes may not be sufficient to determine a wider trend. it is of course true that the internet gives "access" and "freedom" renewed relevance. i like to think of it as "digital democratization" of society.
whatever happened to plucky stephanie plum?.when i first discovered the stephanie plum series (i started with four to score, then backtracked), i was delighted with the character of stephanie plum.  although she was down on her luck, she was plucky, endearing, and canny enough to make the best of any situation she encountered.  in earlier books, stephanie was kind to her family and friends even though they drove her crazy, held her own in her on again/off again relationship with boyfriend cop joe morelli, and walked a fine line during her curious encounters with ranger.  she even showed some attitude with her smarmy cousin vinnie, her ex-husband, and her nemesis joyce barnhardt.  but now, stephanie plum has morphed into someone who is selfish, stubborn and just plain stupid.  she has develped a childish mean streak and displays little regard for anyone but herself...in ten big ones, stephanie is stalked by a gang hit man and, being the intrepid bounty hunter that she is, stephanie walks right into the eye of the storm.  deciding that joe's concern for her safety is too oppressive, she moves out of his house and into ranger's unoccupied apartment.  in one of her silliest schemes yet, she wrangles lula and connie into helping her kidnap a gang member, putting them all in jeopardy.  and as her sister's nuptuals approach, stephanie becomes more and more obnoxious.  all this is played for laughs, but it misses the mark.  the plot is deja vu, the characters predictable...sadly, the loveable characters created long ago by evanovich are now stuck in a time warp where they never grow up, never change and they go through similar events again and again.  come on, bring back the old stephanie and give morelli something to do other than walk his dog bob and answer his cell phone.  i'm taking a vacation from this series.  bring on james patterson, laurie king, lisa gardner...
perhaps the series should have ended two books ago.like many of the readers, i agree that ms. evanovich seems to have run out of ideas.  the series could be written by a twelve year old.  just give them a checklist- blow up car, eat donuts, feed rex a donut/grape/piece of pizza, eat donuts, vascilate between ranger and joe, eat six tastykakes.  you get the idea.  ms. evanovich did expand the plot a little with this book, though.  she added in ranger's shower gel to the list.  it was only mentioned every other paragraph.  might i add that i have never smelled a shower gel that lingers quite like his supposedly does.  seriously, the books went downhill after the sixth installment.  if ms. evanovich cannot expand the plots and allow more character growth rather than rehashing the same events over and over, perhaps she should consider ending the series.
poor hodgepodge of a book.this poor hodgepodge of a book should have been structured to explicate the immigration policies of each european country, then describe the experiences of each country with its islamic radicals (and their families).  instead, there is just a spouting forth of this and that information in a way that does not help readers see which immigration measures are useful and which are negative.  the poor linkage of measures to experience deprives readers of any handle on how the european countries can improve the situation in the future...the author seems to feel that the united states has a much better handle on immigration than the european countries; he fails to note that the u.s. also has inconsistencies and problems in how it handles immigration...this book is an example of a first draft that should have received far better treatment during the editorial process.  it should have been improved beyond simply an emotional screed into a book that enables readers to see what policies seem most effective in integrating immigrants into the body politic and which leave immigrants as separate, poor, and disillusioned groupings vulnerable to exploitation by organizations trying to undermine the european countries
don"t waste your time.this book really is an insult.  it's "lesson" and "assignments" are horrible.  they ask you to research in magazines different lighting effects that you think were used in his book.  in a field where doing is truly the best learning experience this book is not worth the paper it was printed on.  check it out from a library if you must but you will shortly find it is an insulting read
buyer beware!!!.i had to purchase this book for a university studio photography course...unfortunately, the instructor never even flipped through it.  it is by far the worst photography book, really the worst book i have ever purchased!  there are typo's, the "example photos" and instruction sometime are not the same.  the projects are lame and really teach nothing.  i would not recommend this book under any circumstances...avoid at all cost!!! [...
boring boring boring!.how could anyone sit and read this boring work of fiction.  i am actually listening to the audio version and i am almost falling asleep and cannot remember a word the reader has said..i am going to stick to the movie versions of anne of green gables instead of reading the rest of the books.  at least the movies keep your interest
a mishmash of unrelated ideas. a waste of time..i read this book i don't remember how many years back. i think about 15 years ago. and just remembering makes me nauseous, for the amount of time and effort it took me read it just to get to no point. i was younger, naiver and i got engaged, i confess that. clever author no doubt, to make a huge pile of unrelated ideas and make believe you would get somewhere following his lead. just wandering around and playing with analogies. i had the time back then, i guess. today i only have the time to write a review stating how surprised i am today i could finish this kind of book. i can't speak for anyone else, suffice to say i was a nerd with a lot of time in my hands
negative reviews seem to have a tendency to disappear..those of us who have been to college usually know at least one crazy guy who was always the life of the party and constantly entertained the campus with his antics. tucker max is not one of these people...tucker is nothing more than a standard belligerent, mean drunk. the type of guy who always ends up trying to start fights with people for no reason and then runs away if it actually comes to blows. the type of guy who is constantly bragging about how much [...] he gets, when no one has ever seen him so much as kiss a girl. i kept expecting tucker to blurt out "my dad totally owns a dealership!"..nothing truly insane happens in this book, it's mainly just tucker and his buddies getting drunk and being jerks towards everyone they encounter.  generally, the typical behavior you might expect from someone who refers to himself in the third person...in most of these stories, tucker makes himself out to be some sort of supermack that can screw any girl in a matter of seconds. this just seems a bit off for a guy whose original claim to fame involved trying to land a girlfriend online...i almost forgot to mention.  tucker max has been outed as a fraud by opie and anthony and by the miami herald.  none of these stories are true.  he is just another james frey.
okay, except compared to the competition."journey to the land of no" is a first-person memoir of a jewish girl growing up in iran during the revolution.  the book describes what her life and the life of her family was like before and after this cataclysmic event...having developed an unaccountable interest in the iranian revolution during the past year, i have read perhaps a dozen books about this subject...hakakian's book, while not bad, would have to be toward the bottom of the list of books you should read about this subject.  it just didn't grab me...and certainly there has been no shortage of books written by women who lived in iran during the revolution and have since escaped.  but if you're only going to read one or two, there is much better fare out there.  "reading lolita in tehran" is searing and unforgettable, and the graphic novel "persepolis" is simply excoriating.  this latter would be at the top of said list...yeah, the competition is pretty stiff these days.  the bar for writing an "i'm an iranian exile and here's why"-type book has been set incredibly high by so much good stuff out there now, and hakakian's effort doesn't quite measure up...anyhow.  compared to harrowing books like those, hakakian's story is -- dare i say it? -- ho-hum.  occasionally it is tenderly written, but i left the book feeling that she had little to say, and because, at least compared to other authors writing about the same subject, little remarkable happened to her...what is most regrettable about the book, i suppose, is that hakakian's jewishness is almost incidental to her tale.  this is sad.  she certainly mentions that she was jewish, and this does form the cornerstone for a few events in the story, but basically what happens to her and her family could have happened to pretty much any iranian during that time...and this is regrettable because the jewish angle was the one really original thing this book had going for it.  and the author, i must aver, failed to really explore it or make it come alive...in fact, so forgettable is the whole outing that, a few weeks after having read this book, i am unable to recall a single incident from it
i get it.  i'll buy an index fund..tons of statistical data supporting the concept of low cost index funds.  i am invested in the vanguard sp 500 index as well as other index funds, but this is a bit too much.  if you understand the concept of indexing, save some cash and skip this book
760 pages of torture.would you stand in line at an applebee's for three hours in order to eat a hamburger when you could get a hamburger just as good---maybe better---at a dozen other nearby places where the wait was only fifteen minutes?  of course not!  why, then, would you spend countless hours plowing through this 760 page monstrosity when you could spend the same amount of time reading two james patterson books, or a patterson and a connelly, or two thomas harris books...my apologies, greg iles, but for a simple, formulaic serial killer book, blood memory was just way too long.  the book has two co-plots; one involves a serial killer who murders older men, the second involves the mysterious childhood abuse suffered by the female lead.  the serial killer plot is actually the more interesting, but at least two-thirds of the novel dwells on the abuse instead and unfortunately the "secret" is painfully obvious to any seasoned reader from the first few pages of the book.  all in all this would have been a halfway decent novel if iles---or his editor---had chopped out about 300 pages of unneccesary text.  iles just loves to have two characters sit and talk for 3o, 40 or even 50 pages, but since most of his dialogue is what i call "soap opera" speak, meaning you know what the characters will say before the words are even out of their mouths, these chapters dragged on and on and on.  iles also wastes pages by writing lengthy descriptions of people eating ice cream, taking showers, and doing other mundane things that should have been glossed over or chopped out entirely.  come on, greg; why describe a character savoring the taste of vanilla ice cream as if it's some strange, exotic treat that no one's ever heard of before?  just as some people love to hear themselves talk, i think iles loves to see himself write...and although some of his books have been quite good, blood memory misses the mark by a long shot
awful.despite coming up with possibly one of the greatest ideas of the 20th century, byatt, in all her annoyingly feminist glory, has failed completely to construct anything which might in any way interest even the most inanely boring person on the face of the planet. each and every character is lacking in charisma, humour and, in fact, any other attractive facet about their personality, offering the reader no interest or reason for empathy, thus leaving no hero, so necessary to such a story..then there's the sub-plot literature which was all, unfortunately, written by the woman herself. to interlink the text with poetry and letters is, admittedly a good idea, but the quality is dire. could it be more pretentious to fill a book with sections that the author herself admits will not be read by most? and chapter 10...just too long. so unneccessary..this is, without a doubt, the single worst book i have ever had the misfortune to read, and would recommend it to no-body other than those who consider suicide by boredom a good idea
great expectations a great dissapointment.great expectations was a mediocre book.  i was not impressed.  i had to read this book for my 9th grade honors english class.  it was too long and boring.  i see were dickens was trying to go with the suspense, but it just made the book monotonous and boring. the uncanny coincidences just did not seem real.  it's ok to use a coincidence as a tool of suspense, but this was just overkill.  every chapter was boring.  i got tired pretty quickly of pip wishing he were with estella for the whole book.  also, the book seemed to stray away from the main point for chapters at a time. who cares about wemmick's stupid plays?  this could all be summed up in a couple of page short story.  in conclusion, this is another swing and a miss for dickens.  stay far away from this book!  if you want to read a good dickens story, read "a christmas carol" and nothing else written by charles dickens
charles dickens is extremely overated!.i love to read great books like brave new world by aldous huxley or far from the madding crowd by thomas hardy. i love the aeneid by virgil, the odyssey by homer. i read both long versions of les miserables and the hunchback of norte dame by victor hugo. i read the rise and fall of the roman empire by gibbons and gained much knowledge from doing so. i love to read...but great expectations was a great disappointment! i was somewhat amused until chapter ten where i felt the book became psycho-babble. i was also disappointed in tale of two cities. i could not endure the first two chapters! dickens did a fine job on the christmas carol. but i will never read another of his books
this book sucks.i hate this book. it is extremely boring and it is way too long.  there are too many characters to keep track of and many of them are extremely similar. do not read this unless forced to. i like to read, but this nearly put me to sleep.  avoid at all cost
ahhh very boring.this book was very boring. details in a book make it interesting but the extended details in this book made it nausiating.  this book had a very interesting plot and many good ideas but the way it was writen didnt appeal to most of the students in my school that read it. a poll was taken and about 73% of the students in the school liked this book. what does that show about the book?
don't buy it. it a waste of money.this book is so lame... i regret every minute i spent reading it.
this modern romance novel doesn't do it for me.twenty-something bette lives in manhattan, has a close knit group of friends, enjoys romance novels, and apparently possesses little fashion sense or celebrity iq. everyone worth knowing is the story of how she becomes an accidental success in the surreal world of celebrity public relations, and finds romance--real and fictional--along the way...maybe it's just me, but bette seems to have problems many people would love to "suffer" through. although told a lot of things about her, i never got the feeling i could really picture bette or understand what she wanted, even in the end. her story feels underdeveloped and many of the events predictable or random. still, if you liked the devil wears prada and enjoy modern formulaic romances, you will probably enjoy everyone worth knowing
there's an easier (and cheaper) way.the addresses and phone numbers in this book are handy, but this is not the way to find an agent or publisher. instead, visit the largest bookstore in your area and take a look at the books they sell that are in your genre. look in the "acknowledgments" section of each book and you are almost certain to find the names of the author's agent and the book's editor. those are the agents and editors who are most likely to know about your subject and its chances of being published. find those people using an online white pages or yellow pages site (anywho.com, dogpile.com, etc.) and give them a call. if they are receptive to your idea, send them a formal proposal..i have to agree with those who have suggested that publication of a book like this by someone in the business smacks of exploitation. as one other reviewer noted, the author is an agent - call him up and see how receptive he is to you. you might as well try looking for elvis in the supermarket.
if you are a serious writer...skip this reference book.this book really sucked! save your money!  the i have tried to contact mr. herman about some of the problems i have encountered with the contact addresses he provided.  he has yet to respond, meanwhile, i have wasted valuable postage for addresses that are incorrect or not in existance.  one other note, many of the persons contacted were not accepting new talent, and hadn't been for quite sometime
sure, the information in this book is current if.sure, the information in this book is current if your potential agent is doing a life term in sing sing. but of the five queries i sent out based on the information in this book, two were just unanswered and three came back addressee unknown. maybe i picked the only five bad addresses in the book, or maybe current it isn't
there's only one reason to buy this book.the contempt the author has for writers and the contempt so many of the agents have for writers is the real theme of this book. if you want names and addresses, use the internet. if you want a book that can actually help you get published, read the square guide to publishing your non-fiction book by rudy shur
i bought every edition of this book for 5 years.and when didn't buy a new edition and i got out from behind my computer and started making cold calls, i got published. i know the pain of writing for so very long with no recognition. all i can say is that maybe this book can make you feel better temporarily, thinking you have some kind of inside track that nobody else has (lol), but the only way to get published is to make your own inside track. this book won't help you do it
not helpful.this is a repeat of the first 2 books for the most part. i do understand that the "rich dad classics" aren't meant for tips and specific methods of making money, but rather a rich mindset...mineset, but any specifics? no. they are his best kept secrets. you would have to attend his money making seminars (i.e. spend more money) it's understandable to emphasize the importance of mindset in a book or two, and i did really enjoy the original "rich dad, poor dad," but it seems like all of his books are just about the mindset. what good is a mindset if there is no real direction in executing it. don't waste your time reading this book, it's also the thickest of the three. if you haven't already done so however, read the original "rich dad, poor dad.
not a fan, i can't understand why he is so popular.i am not a fan of robert kiyosaki.  i find his books superficial and much of what he says common sense.  while he introduces some worthwhile ideas, i don't think he develops them enough to be useful...i also don't like the tone or context out of which this writer expresses himself.  i find that it comes across as unfeeling, manipulative and selfish...i don't have anything against seeking out wealth; however, i think the means to that end is important.  in my opinion, this author ignores that important fact and at the same time does not supply the detail that people are looking for or need to achieve their financial goals...in short, i think this book is a waste of money.  there are many other books that can give you more useful information in less space which is delivered from a more humane emotional space.
if you like books about unicorns, read this.i'll put my opinion first, so there won't be any doubt in your mind.  i don't believe that you can write useful books about national character.  is there really such a thing as quot;national characterquot;? people are  just too different, too unpredictable. how well can you predict the  behavior of the people closest to you ?  how well can you predict what  people in your own country will do ?  would every italian, if they could  write well, have written the same book as mr. barzini ?  i seriously doubt  it.  so what we have in the italians is one man's views on the conglomerate  nature of 50 million italians.  after reading it, i felt even more strongly  that such books, though possibly entertaining, are a waste of time.  an  informative book about unicorns--but do they exist ?   anthropologists have  been concerned, for many years, in getting the quot;inside viewquot;--the  view of a culture as seen by the person within it.  while barzini is  indisputable italian, he tries to visualize italians as seen by foreign  visitors, then explain to those of us not lucky enough to travel there, why  they are as visitors see them, or why they are not as foreigners may think.   this is not a successful gambit.  cultures are based on many general  factors--like history, socio-economic patterns, religion, family,  etc.---but the specific results are just that, specific.  barzini covers  many topics--the importance of spectacle and giving an illusion of  something rather than actually having that quality; the family vs. the  state; italian modes of achieving success; the north-south split; sicily  and the mafia; and last, the tragedy of italy's long domination by  foreigners.  but nothing really connects.  there are only superficial,  scattered impressions, nothing very concrete to grasp.  the reader is left  with a handful of stereotypes.  barzini is at his best when describing the  lives and modus operandi of particular characters in italian history.   these sections were well-written and interesting.  but his portrayal of  italian quot;characterquot; is fuzzy, contradictory, and ultimately,  unconvincing.  finally, if you are a lover of lists, you will thrill to  this book, because there is a list on nearly every single page.  myself, i  got pretty tired of those lists.  if you want to know something useful  about italy, read another book.  if you just want entertainment, which  might support any stereotypes you have about italians, then this book could  be for you
a disappointment.some of the reacher novels--such as the killing floor--have been incredibly good, but i was genuinely disappointed in this one.  the author describes reacher as heroic, a loner, etc., but instead he should write in such a way that we reach these insights without being told.  phrases, such as "back in the day," get repeated much too often.  reacher has become a caricature of himself
ok.this is a complex and detailed history chiefly of cuban exiles in south florida and the influence they have been able to wield regionally and internationally with and without the help of various u.s. administrations. in that sense, it is the story of two cities - miami and washington - and two peoples - americans and cubans...i have an objection, though, with the stone-hard style in which this volume is so meticulously, even gorgeously at times, written. didion strives to be so achingly academic that there is little real heart to this book and, worse, the result is a cold, humorless, colorless story that is at times an unappealing example of ideological abstractions and alphabet soup...the author, in her conspicuously clean and parenthetical prose, apparently is so charged by the subject of her research that she has forgotten there are people on the other end - readers. it is, in that sense, a boring little disaster of a book.
outdated---ancient history.exiled cubans in miami up to 1987. this is real old stuff. i wonder why this book is still being published. felt like a collection of shorter magazine--newspaper articles compiled to look like a real book. many long, disjointed sentences. could use an updating. there must be better books out there about this topic
free trade is a myth.free trade is great when you're rich and powerful enough to ram it down the throat of other nations.  the multinationals, who benefit from massive subsidies (aeronautics, computers, metallurgy, you name it) are more than happy to have members of the bought priesthood of academia distill  fantasies about the joys of the alleged quot;free market.quot;  not a  word in this book about the public subsidies that become private profits,  with a huge military and growing prison-industrial-complex for the millions  of people who are superfluous to the plans being made (undemocratically, of  course) in geneva and bonn.  corporate tyranny and its servants are  destroying the environment, labor protections, the public sphere, and  cultural diversity.  goebbels would be impressed
e-book is a mess.i bought and downloaded the ebook of this famous book for my research..it is not usable. most of the text is missing. i have never seen such a bad scanning result. unbelievable.
needs a footnote.ralph ketcham certainly some respect i had for him when he, in the middle of patrick henry's speech, inserted, "here mr. henry strongly and pathetically expatiated on the probability of the president's enslaving america..."..if it were not for the fact that i've already highlighted and marked up this edition, i would buy a different version and use that as my primary source. mr. ketcham's remarks were not in good taste, nor was it proper historical method to simply leave out an argument from patrick henry, thereby disallowing a following historian to examine and evaluate its merits...****note****: about four weeks after i wrote the post above, i discovered that the insert mentioned above was not ketcham's doing. but rather, the side note of a journalist present at the time of henry's speach at the virginia convention. my apologies to ketcham. although, he should have inserted a footnote to make the readers aware of what appears to be an awful bias. unfortunately, amazon doesn't allow users to edit their ratings and so this version of the anti-federalist papers will remain at 1 star from me, although it should be a 4 or 5....regards,.brandon k. harnis
nothing special.i had rated this book a "two" in relation to other koontz books i have read. the book is entertaining enough, but is not very unique in relation to other books that koontz has written. koontz appears to have somewhat of a formula when creating main charachters. often there is a primary charachter who appears to be rather basic at the beginning, but through later description becomes more complex due to an unusual background. koontz books often have the aforementioned charachter utilize their unusual background to overcome difficult obstacles usually in order to save a loved one...i believe koontz tries to express certain generalties, some of which have moral and religious undertones:..in the end, good overcomes evil and often evil by its destructive nature, destroys itself...love is worth fighting and dieing for...love is stronger than evil...what does not kill you, makes you stronger...evil knows no socioeconomic boundaries...the key to happiness is love, not material gain...evil lurks where you least expect it
layout and lack of critical info hamper.this book is like the 'da vinci code' for sharepoint.  it has a lot of information.  a lot of information.  the problem is, the layout and order of presentation in the book make it almost impossible to read and find information.  loading the included disk is a requirement.  use the pdf and search electronically for the information because the printed index is incredibly lacking...because it is so hard to find stuff, one thinks that ms is trying to hide information or that critical information was left out...good resource, but be prepared for a continent spanning search for information that will takes days, leave you bedraggled, and make you think you've solved centuries old mysteries once you finally find what you are looking for.  pack lightly, carry currency, and perhaps a firearm (for the book, share point machine, self, your choice)
i suggest a pass.sharepoint as a technology is a tremendous product.  this book, however, does not come close to doing it justice.  i found the verbiage to be incoherent in various places, and occasionally terms were simply never defined.  further, at one point the author says "at the time we had to go to press with this chapter, the information on how to use microsoft sharepoint server 2003 extranets was in the beta stages of being written"...  when i purchased this book about sharepoint products and technologies, i assumed the author would be able to write about sharepoint portal server 2003 without requiring other authors to pave the way.  in short, this book seems to be a repurposing of information from other sources in a pell-mell fashion.  consequently i cannot recommend it
disappointing!.i wasn't too into this one. i'm a big fan of steinbeck's fiction, but this memoir is rather dull. i was looking to hear what he had to say about the zeitgeist of america at the time he wrote it. but as an older man (as he even admits) he isn't as inspired to talk to or rub shoulders with people whom he crosses paths. the ones that he does write  about come across as a bit uninspired. nothing much happens on his journey and it almost seems like he doesn't have too much to say...the one highlight was the last couple of chapters, when he goes to the south (new orleans) and witnesses all the slimy, seperatists as they scream and holler, with pure craven hatred at the first little black children to be integrated into public schools. he is disillusioned and angry and when he tells the tale of what he saw it is absolutely heartbreaking...as much as a mediocre work as it was, i did take an interest in it because i am a fan of steinbeck. it was cool to hear him write a memoir. other steinbeck fans make get something out of it as well and for them i recommend it, just on that basis. as long as you take into account the stuff i said above. if you haven't read steinbeck, please...start with "the grapes of wrath" or "tortilla flat." those are much better works and will give you something to go on if you try to read this
a so-so book, but there are better.this book is great for a first time owner looking to learn about parrots in general and specifically about african grey parrots. it devotes a nice introduction and touches on most toopics that are important in a manner that is easy to digest for the common human. however, i feel that the book falls short on several aspects, and i found myself wanting to know more after the last sentence in each section. i thought i would leave it as just a reference manual but the book in itself is poorly cross referenced and does not even have an index! as such, the book is merely a pamphlet or guide about african grey parrots. for the ~$20 that it costs you can find the same information in much less expensive books that actually have an index. having some experience with other parrots and with other books, i find the book lacking and plain...i guess the book will appeal to the non-science types and those who just want to have a generic guide of how parrots behave. for those of us that want to be our parrots best friend the book falls way short of its goal.
almost, but not quite.i have recently finished this disaster of a novel for a college honors course "disability through autobiography."  while attempting to read this book, my frustration took over and in a couple of instances, resulted in the book being thrown across the room.  much of the book seems a criticism of those that are not blind as well as the depictions of the blind by those who are not blind, namely authors and hollywood directors.  i can think of a much better topic for a book than nit-picking at random quotes in movies, books, and social groups.  kleege seems to only show the ability for a blind person to criticize those who are not blind and may not completely understand what blindness is.  although i have taken many courses that focus intensely on accepting those with disablilities in society, i find it very difficult to accept severe cynicism no matter what disability the author may have.
predictable.i read the back cover of this book and immediately knew most of what would happen.  as soon as i met the character who would turn out to be the driver, i knew the rest of the story.  it was extremely easy to figure out and quite disappointing.  the story's decent.  the text flows nicely, and the suspension of disbelief is strong, but where did nick's originality go?  where's the sweet and innocent charm of the notebook, a walk to remember, and nights in rodanthe?  it seems like he's run out of steam, or didn't care too much about this one...a decent book to read, but don't expect anything spectacular as you would with his earlier work
it doesn't get any more predictable than this....the concept of this book could've worked, but sparks didn't develop any other characters to throw the reader off track. it's painfully obvious who is driving the car. the dialogue between miles and sarah when they are first getting to know each other is extremely annoying, as is their relationship. interesting how she breezes into their family and is accepted by jonah with open arms. and the ending to the story is laughable. i won't give it away, but i'm sure you can figure it out within the first 10 pages. i doubt i can read another sparks novel again.
not really.i have a hard time understanding what it is that i dislike about the novel. i dislike it almost as much as the movie..i have been a loyal follower of smiley and some more after that. once the cold war was over, jlc had to look for a new realm. i tried to follow him, but gave up with the kaukasian troubles, forgot the name of the book..maybe it is this: jlc's trade mark, his usp, is the evilness of the other side. with the kgb  co., that worked perfectly. his readers were willing to stay with him and believe him..now he is transferring the kgb style to all sorts of other badies. i think it does not work any more..it is not that i trust the pharmaceutical companies enough to not be like here insinuated. i do not..what i do not like, i guess, is the artificial mood of intellectual suffering from the evilness of all kind of conspiracies. tess in this story seems to be the normal do-gooder who falls foul with the baddies. that is more ok in the book than in the movie. (there, for my eyes, rachel weisz does herself discredit.).what is absolutely not ok is the surrender of command by the narrator mid way. jlc gives up on trying to keep a believable storyline and declines into darkest conspiracy allegations
so dull, i couldn't finish it..i am a long time fan of le carre - have read and loved all his books - until this one. i just could not summon the interest to finish it. yes, i'm sort of curious about why this guy's wife was killed, but not curious enough to wade through all the documents and emails et cetera ad nauseum along with him to get there. i was on vacation and had nothing else to do, yet still, i could not wade through this mind-numbing book. i got about half way through - did i quit reading too soon? did it suddenly pick up after that?..if you're new to john le carre, start with an earlier book - seriously. because he's a wonderful writer, really
wow this product really sucks!.i was very interested in this product when i read the description.  however, after recieving the product was disappointed to find that way in which you catch a liar is to become a bigger and more manipulative liar.  if you have any sense of intergrity ignore this product.  the author must me one of the biggest decievers out there to put such effort in this product
confusing nervous with dishonest.this man obviously knows nothing about human behavior. most people know that just because someone can't hold your eye contact does not mean that they are being dishonest. in more cases than not, they simply have low self-esteem are very self-conscious, and are thinking about themselves constantly in social interactions just like you or i might do when asked to do improv. this man himself is a manipulator, and a liar. he's manipulating you to get this book,  taking advantage of those who refuse to learn how to read people from experience. lying and "hypnotizing" people in order to get the truth out of them, is far less effective than being honest yourself. if you are honest you will recognize honesty and you will recognize liars. you will start to have an understanding of people's energies if you just pay attention
different world.i bought the book thinking that it would be accurate and helpful in everyday conversation.   i feel that most of what i read is simply not factual.  as a person, i feel strongly that i would not want to tell anyone that i knew the author or was his friend.  maybe it is just that we come from different backgrounds and experience.
absolutely ridiculous.this book is an utterly corrupt, crackpot method of lying to others in order to manipulate them, to live under a constant cloud of suspicion, and to essentially ruin your personal relationships.  shall i give you an example?  from page 122:  "you and a friend are deciding on what movie to see.  you suggest 'lost in paradise', but your friend, who doesn't want to see this, offers as evidence a coworker who has already seen it and didn't like it.  you then say 'oh, well, if no one in your office liked it, i guess it's probably no good.'  if she lets it go at that - not correcting you - then you know she lied initially" (emphasis mine).  excuse me?  what kind of special social retard do you have to be to 'know' your friend is a liar because she doesn't want to see a movie?  a little earlier, a technique called "insert a false fact" shows up.  insert a false fact?  isn't that known as lying?  and this in the context of a party, no less... hoo boy... start lying to everyone at a party because you suspect people of being liars - you're gonna wind up friendless pretty quick.  if you just tell the truth, you'll be amazed at the nice people you meet - who needs a book which rationalizes lying and manipulation?  trust me, if you have a moral compass, you don't need this rag
zzzzz.boring and irritating. not one character is likable, and not one character is 3d
slow and annoying.brent offers a money-back guarantee at his events, where he would give a reader a dollar if they came up with his book and told them it was boring...after reading the book, i am ready for my dollar
not for tourists?  certainly not for the rest of us....this guide is honestly, pretty useless.  any tom, dick or harry knows about wrigleyville, boystown, and well, the rest of lakeview.  anyone can tell you that the heart of lincoln park is, well, lincoln avenue.  but, why, for the life of me, can't i find much on bridgeport?  mayor daley liked it well enough, but, hey, the nft guys can't be bothered with the facts.  where's anything west of western?  i guess humboldt park and albany park aren't worth the time.  which is too bad, because it completely leaves out mention of some of the best bars and music clubs in the city, not to mention, some of the easiest to navigate streets.  if you're a tourist looking for lowest common denominator style travel books, then yes, i guess the nft is a little better than average.  but when i saw how useless this thing was when a freshly moved in friend bought one, i knew that this is for tourists...and tourists only.  you're better off with the irreverent guide.  heck, they might actually list an address for the empty bottle..
insufferable....had to stop about 1/4 of the way through it and give it away
double standard when writing about race.as a white man, this book offended me several times during the first five minutes of reading it.  if an author wrote in the same way about black people the book would not even be published! i am tired of the double standard! thank god i didn't pay for this book and only checked it out at the library
a polemic parading as history and analysis.i was very excited about this book before i started to read it.  polk appeared to have flawless credentials...surely someone with so much relevent experience would produce an outstanding book on iraq.  unfortunately it became clear very early on in this book that my expectations were not to be met...let's start witht the obvious.  the subtitle of this book begins as "the whole sweep of iraqi history..."  the book is 213 pages and even that can be deceiving...physically, the book is very small and the typesetting appears larger than average.  to be sure, no single book could adequately present the whole sweep of iraqi history, but of all the iraqi history books i have read or referenced, this book does the poorest job of all in terms of presenting an overview of the country.  i would recommend anderson and stansfield's book as an example of one of the best books in this area...the way polk has the book organized, it would be reasonable to have high hopes.  there are six chapters: ancient iraq, islamic iraq, british iraq, revolutionary iraq, american iraq, and whose iraq?  he appears to have the important bases covered, but within these chapters lies a remarkably weak and half-hearted presentation of iraq's history, at least at the governmental level...another somewhat related criticism would be that there are next to no cited sources in the entire book.  from an academic standpoint, this is baffling.  his experience in the field notwithstanding, it is unacceptable to produce what is to be a serious history book and then provide no sources or bibliography.  the key here is to recognize that at its heart, this book is not an attepmt to provide a history of iraq, but merely an outlet for criticizing the way the u.s. (particularly bush) has handled iraq...onto that criticism:  polk is one of those authors that rightly and (mostly) accurately points out all of the bad things the u.s. has done when it comes to iraq.  from a moral or humanitarian perspective, of course it's wrong to give support to someone like hussein.  i think most people would agree with that.  what baffles me is that someone could so passionately point out all these bad things and then be so opposed to a war that ultimately removed a regime who surived up to that point because of what the u.s. had done.  even though it was not the reason given, the u.s. had accumulated quite a large moral debt to iraq.  in short, we owed it to iraqis to get rid of saddam.  further explanations of this type of thinking can be found in feldman's "what we owe iraq," and cushman's "a matter of principle."..my last main complaint about this book is that for all the criticizing and lamenting about u.s. intentions and mistakes (and believe me, these are all warranted), polk offers no real ideas for what to do to help iraqis build a better future, and more importantly, he never even touches on the topic of what kind of life these people would have endured if hussein was still in power today.  i think it's important and necessary to call the u.s. on its mistakes, but at the end of the day, the u.s. actually helped get rid of a dictator this time.  and even though we owe this to a lot of other countries, i can only be glad that humanitarian and security interests were aligned in this case, and that for all the other problems, there is at least a chance for democracy and a better life in iraq.  that chance certainly did not exist under hussein...the biggest let down here is that it is important for people to understand iraq, but this book i believe, is doing more harm than good.  if you've done a fair amount of reading on iraq, this will be clear so that's not the danger here.  what would be an absolute tragedy here would be for someone with no prior experience to pick up this book and then think they have a real understanding of iraq after reading it.  these are the types of books that make my job as a professor harder than it should be because i have to spend so much time in order to defuse all numbers of students who read material like this and base their opinions and judgements from it.  while not nearly as damaging to the process of education and understanding as michael moore or sean hannity, it is much more disappointing because polk has the education and experience needed to produce stellar work.  framed in those terms, this book is largely a failure
could have been summarized in about 5 pages.deadline follows the two-year fictitious journey of is project manager webster tompkins, illustrating the lessons he learns along the way. i bought this book primarily due to the great reviews it garnered on amazon.com. after all, you can't go wrong when a book rates 4.5 out of 5 stars from over 25 readers, can you? yep. this book was terrible, because of two very big problems: the book didn't say very much in 300+ pages and what it did say i don't agree with (it also tends to contradict much of tom peter's 'in search of excellence'). or, to state it another way, the book points out about five very useful lessons/pieces of information, but takes forever to do so. those lessons could have been summarized in about five pages--with compelling examples.
not the author's best (includes spoilers).while i greatly enjoyed demarco's non-fiction books "peopleware" and "slack", i felt this attempt at a novel was weak...*** spoiler warning ***..tompkins, the main character, has supposedly been chosen for his role in this novel because he is an gifted, experienced manager. yet pretty much every chapter is a lesson he learns by screwing up.  perhaps i would have found it more palatable if the character was a newly-promoted manager, who knew he was ignorant...in the end, comes the revelation that, in spite of all the mistakes, he is an excellent manager because he *cares* about people.  i don't see how this shows.  among the management problems he faces is reporting to a difficult supervisor up the chain, and the solution to this problem is essentially to have the man poisoned and sent to the hospital! can you say cognitive dissonance?
ok, but boring.i agree with the premises of this book, but found it rather boring, and not the easiest to read. if you want to read something similar that doesn't read like a textbook, i would suggest "losing faith in faith", "atheist universe" or "like rolling uphill."
virtually useless book.this book is so generic in its advice that it is all but useless. it tries to be all things to all cameras, and therefore says nothing specific about anything. add to this the way it tries to tout kodak film, and you realize kodak should be paying people to read this book. but they still wouldn't know how to work their cameras
rbac jack - caveat emptor!.i purchased the digital version of this book for which i totally regret.  first, the book is bloated and really offers little more than can be viewed free on nist's website.  second, the adobe drm (digital rights manager) reader won't let you make a backup copy and amazon (i.e., their indian customer "service" reps anyway) don't understand either u.s. fair use copyright laws or customer service.  thus not only wouldn't i buy this book...i won't ever buy another product from amazon ever again...to update, i although i cannot change my opinion of the book's content, amazon did satisfactorily address my inability to make a backup copy of this e-book
absolutley awful.not since "portrait of the artist as a young man" have i labored so much to get through a book.  i finally quit at page 35, unable to go on.  a complete non-sequitur, stream of consciousness mess, best describes this book.  why this publication came so highly acclaimed i will never know.  do yourself a favor........if you feel inclined to give it a read, go to your local library.  the paper and ink has already been wasted, don't waste your money too.  a better title would be, "the tao of poop"
is this really taoism? say it is not..i picked up this book because it seemed so charming. the author took the stories and characters of a.a. milne and juxtaposed them with the taoist teachings of people such as lao tzu...pooh as western taoist starts off interestingly enough but halfway through it i came to the realization that it was making me want to just read the actual milne, who was frankly probably a genius writer. those were great books with great characters, each with their own type of intelligence...then about two thirds through the book, it just becomes insulting. the author is against pretty much anything useful. rather than believing in the give and take of ying and yang (or any other name it may go under) he's against intellectuals who are secretly foolish for trying to figure anything about the world, against people who work hard and care about their jobs or contributions (again that's just foolish), people who enjoy sports or exercise...heck he's against leaving your house or caring about the rest of the world. i understand the idea behind the busy backson rant, but is there no middle ground at all?.the idea of the indian american culture being superior to that of the almighty puritans is used as an example, which could be built upon in several interesting ways, but instead the author chooses to illustrate how everything that came after was just silliness without supplying a single idea about how it could be done better...yet useful...at one point he actually uses the example of (paraphrasing here) turning on the t.v. news to hear "`thirty thousand people were killed today when five jumbo airliners collided over downtown lose angeles" *click* stop worrying about everything and go about life. listen to the birds chirp, they will tell you more about the world." ---wait, we shouldn't care about thirty thousand humans being killed in a horrific accident?..i am in no way an expert on taoism, but unless everyone who is finds that idea posing as a representation of their philosophy to be offensive, i want nothing to do with it. it isn't enlightened to go around hating everything while doing nothing. and i'm sure the author realizes this since he spends so much time writing best=selling books.
a large cloud of smug.i've been through this book a few times now.  i admit that pooh seems a good taoist, if i remember my theology classes right.  i will also go so far as to say that the book amuses from time to time.  where the book falls short in my opinion is the narrator's tone...mr. hoff's contrasts between taoist and judeo-christian approaches to life invariably give the air of self-satisfaction one so often finds in western converts to eastern religion.  it is this pall of smug (apologies to trey parker and matt stone) that makes the book progressively more annoying as the pages turn...i'd give it 3 or 4 stars for accuracy and explanation, were it not for the tone
contemptible.farb's basic premise is that american indians have ascended to the heights of culture (read: white culture) by 400 years of systematic genocide.  that's what the book boils down to.  farb also makes numerous factual errors; e.g., he says the mandan indians are exitinct; umm, no, mr. farb, they're not
unbiblical and bad writing make for one star.this book is so flawed in every which way, it is hard to know where to begin. first of all, we are living in the end times, and when jesus comes, that's all she wrote, folks. there's no seven years, no christians being zapped up, etc. this is our second chance on earth. no tribulation. this book takes figurative visions and tries to apply it literally, and does it poorly. reading this book made me think that if this was true, then what's the point of trying to be a christian. why not just live your life the way you want to, and then when people zap out of thin air, change your life. it's ridiculous and sends the wrong message. plus, the writing is for second graders with no redeeming characteristics to it. but i really don't think the author's care at this point (seeing how many millions they've made printing lies). my recommendation is to read the bible instead of this series; then you'll get truth and the bible is probably shorter (and much better writing). man, not even kirk cameron could save this train wreck.
ok but ....after the first 11 books, that were laced with black comedy and inopportune situations handled and aligned in a way to make sense, the 12th books somehow leaves the reader gasping for more and ends with a flat note. i can, however, find cognizance with the moral of the story that sometimes people you think you are close to, fail you with their "nobleness" or lack of guts! that you have to find strength in yourself to fight your own wars and that a family has an important part to play when you're struggling through your live. i think the gist of the story is that that the three children find succor in each other - almost a live force driven by love, that protects them and eventually helps to extricate them from impossible situations!
this series stinks.hello people wake up how many times can the same 3 children escape 1 bad guy?!? this book was horrid! boring, boring, boring, after the 5th book i was snoring and this tops it all its not even the last one!!!!! after 12 books its still not over, my grandchildren will be reading the100th book if he continues like this! (and between me and you, what kind of a person cant recognize a baby in a conciarge outfit)i dont plan to even bother to read the 13th book, i can see lemony saying the series will continue after the book "the end" if there was a 0 star i would give it!!
a mess.what a disjointed mess, talk about cashing in on fame.  all he did here was take a bunch of columns he wrote in the paper and called it a book.   i could have done better with the letter to the editor section of the paper.  i was not that enamored with liar's poker and this book has done it for me with this author.   it was just that the articles were not that relevant any more and his writing is not that good
the money culture is us?.this is a collection of essays previously published in newspapers and magazines around the nation where some 10 years ago we could witness lewis' early literary attempts.  although lewis is a witty, scrutinizing, insightful, and overall entertaining writer, i think this book is highly overpriced. most of the topics in this book cover financial/business culture issues that date back during the late eighties, so there's also a bit of historical perspective to it, when lbos were a la mode, donald trump was making headlines, and japan was considered a threat to the us economy and welfare...crazy thought.  go for liar's poker if you want to read michael lewis, that script is a jewel
rather pathetic....though i am not a vogue reader, i picked up this book out of curiosity to see what anna w's splashes in the tabloids were all about...while the subject is only mildly interesting to me, the author's prose reads like a 300+ page deposition against anna wintour from everybody who had/has a major or minor gripe with her. it's a heavy and boring read...gossip, if one can get over oneself and admit that it is entertaining, should remain light and diverting. in this book, it is difficult to garner much sympathy for the subject or its author, much less derive the slightest enjoyment from it. i was very happy to put it down...perhaps this lackluster effort will compel someone else to attempt a better job. but then again, when that time comes, anna wintour may be have disappeared completely from public interest
grrr!.mars and venus together forever is one of the most ridiculous, stupid books that i have ever had the gross misfortune to read.  i probably should have expected what i got, considering that mars and venus on a date left me cold, but i read this one anyway because the original mars and venus book had some interesting insights and i'm a sucker for a cheap book...anyone who buys into the stereotypes promoted by john gray must be barmy.  he exaggerates, overemphasises and blusters his way through the 200+ pages - probably with the best motives in his mind - but in the end the stuff he writes is uninspiring and insipid.  according to him men and women are still ruled by `ancient' traditions which dictate that women are all do-gooder types who only desire to stay at home, chatting with other women and looking at flowers whilst men are all aggressive cavemen, grunting their way through their lives with zero finesse, a beer in one hand and the tv remote in the other...i don't see how anyone, man or woman, could read this book without being annoyed.  for women, the book is terribly unempowering.  if you don't fit in with any of gray's ideas about what a woman should be then you are labelled as masculine.  i don't want to read a book which tells me that when i am at work i am moving towards my masculine side because being goal-oriented, competitive and efficient are male traits.  it's all phooey!  for men, the book is also offensive.  john gray says that men shouldn't express their feelings because it will cause a woman to lose her attraction for him.  no, i don't believe that men and women are the same in all respects - there are gender differences - but in mars and venus these are distorted...overall this book is not worth your time.  underneath the waffle there may be some good points, but all of these are outweighed by the stereotypes...joann
close but not quite...interesting book.  unfortunately it really plays on stereotypes.  it does have a few valuable things to say though
not if you are looking for recovery help....this book is more like a theoretical exploration of what promotes addictive behavior, and will be of no real help to you if you are trying to help (or are yourself) an addict. there is no exploration into what treatments will work or not work, and some of what he says doesn't really seem to make sense in a real-life situation. overall, it's useless unless you are curious about what might (theoretically) cause addictive behavior
class assignment.i had to read this book for my college course. most of the people in the class did not like it or agree with many of nakkan's viewpoints. i personally think he is repeating na to us in his own words. if you are not into na, yo will not like this book...nakkan states abstinence is the only way to recovery, i beg to differ with him, there are many successful treatment modalities that do not include total abstinence such as methadone and methadone maintenance. also, naltraxone for those that are in disagreement with mmt. how about antabuse? that is medicinal, he also thinks that is not "real recovery" then because it is medication assisted recovery?..did not like this book or his opinions
fast fun read.not  a profound book. lots of story-telling to make a few good points. a fast and fun read.
shallow, uninspiring, uninteresting.as a lecturer of e-commerce, i was looking forward to reading this book on the social implications of the internet.  however, i am most disappointed with the boring and superficial way the subject is explored.  the author takes a couple of anecdotical examples to show the concequences in the shift of power that the internet has brought about.  the result is a disjointed treatment of an otherwise most interesting topic.  i have nothing good to say about this book - money wasted
collection of interesting tech events - no significant trend.the author attempts to paint some trends from haphazard internet-related happenings. his intent seems to be to say --..the internet changes _everything_, becomes a social leveller. youngsters are making big changes not just in inventing new things, but also new processes, new paradigms, and oldies feel endangered and rightfully so...he uses stories like a kiddie making big stock gains and being investigated by sec, another being a freelance lawyer and making it big fast, yet another writing programs to napsterize everything...he indicates "flattening" of normally hierarchically defined relationships in society and corporations, and has this concept of "insiders" being unseated by "outsiders" due to the ease with which radical new ideas can be imagined, developed and brought to market, thanks to the internet...there is some truth to his observations, but the few examples he quotes may not be sufficient to determine a wider trend. it is of course true that the internet gives "access" and "freedom" renewed relevance. i like to think of it as "digital democratization" of society.
foolish photos.this book contains photographs of some of the women i admire most. unfortunately, the women are posed holding a large sword as a prop to indicate their fearlessness...i suppose that this was the feature that "sold" the book idea, but i would much prefer portraits of my heroines without the sword. the sword is a symbol of much more than fearlessness, and detracts from the book. it makes the book corny...my husband bought it for me for mother's day last year; i'd guess from an amazon recommendation -- but it was a most disappointing gift -- one that i would never leave out for others to view. this wouldn't be true if the swords weren't in every photo
and then what?.if we follow ledeen off the machiavellian cliff, what is left of the dream of the founding fathers for us to defend? this book illustrates one thing that is very important: in times of stress, normally intelligent people lose their sense of reason and let partisanship, xenophobia, or even megalomania rule their thoughts. ledeen tells us to pursue the very course our forefathers rejected when they founded the usa, and he says it without the slightest trace of irony. unfortunately for ledeen, he negates his own title, for if we follow his prescription, those who "hate our freedoms" have already won by causing errant and misguided patriots to subvert the framework which supported those freedoms. unfortunately for all of us, ledeen has been taken seriously and literally by the bush administration. laws, constitution, and even geneva conventions are ignored because the end supposedly justifies the means. history says otherwise. ledeen apparently believes that his book represents the moment in which historical patterns no longer apply to our world. historians, if there are any left, will tell us whether he was right...shooshi
what a moron!.it is imbecilic people like michael ledeen who contribute to the current u.s. foreign policy which separates the "good" countries and the "terrorists." it is common knowledge that the u.s. has a habit of supporting dictatorships, terrorist movements  groups throughout its history. yet, the u.s. and people like ledeen have the gall to declare a battle of "good vs. evil." simply, the u.s. will support a regime whether it sponsors terrorism or not, if it so suits their interests. you have the central asian republics for example, central american in the '80s, saddam  taliban in the '80's, israel now, the list goes on and on. so, this "war" against the "terror masters," is a way the u.s. gov't can fool the american people into bloated military expansionism, imperialism, and a militant unilateralism that will ultimately cause its own demise. and, sorry to be the bearer of bad news but  the u.s. will not win for among other things, peak oil  the decline of the dollar will bring down the u.s. economy and hence military-industrialist complex very soon. in fact, the process has already begun with the iraq war. the u.s. is no exception to the rises and falls of empires of the past, and in fact the collapse will be proportional to its size
a thought-provoking counterpoint.i strongly encourage the thoughtful reader to consider this book alongside any of the sloppily-produced, poorly-edited, "these people are attempting to destroy our country" books produced by the far christian right, for they are of exactly the same genre, and are born of the same unsympathetic fear of the other...the authors apparently have no interest in understanding the lives and motivations of those whom they condemn; instead we find sweeping descriptions of the destructive intent and power of "fundamentalists," in which the most extreme criminal acts are held up as representative and on to which are tacked -- an apparent afterthought -- half-hearted disclaimers that maybe this doesn't describe all christians. the resemblance to similar books decrying the insidious plots of "secular humanists" is really quite uncanny...this is not to say that the book doesn't contain some useful data and interesting opinions, but the wheat is so buried in a chaff of wild generalizations, unfounded conclusions, and outright factual errors, all couched in prose that often rivals the worst undergraduate essay, that the reader is left not knowing what to trust and what to discard...this book will meet the needs of those who already believe that all conservative christians are poorly-educated, sexually-repressed conspirators in a plot to overthrow democracy -- it will not unduly challenge your preconceptions. however, it contributes little to the genuine conversation and understanding that will be required to bridge the divide that such demonizing rhetoric has planted between people of good will on both ends of the political spectrum.  if you're looking for a book that honestly represents the fundamentalist perspective, let this pass
very 'michael moore'.i found this book to be based more on emotion than fact. the facts that were used were blown way out of proportion and context. while it is always healthy to look at both sides of the coin - politics included - this book would never give a fair representation of the fundamentalist side, because it is so focused on presenting the conservative view from a gestapo perspective.
lies and bad arguments.i have a ph.d studying the christian right and this is the worst book on fundamentalism and the christian right that i have ever seen.  what is not outright lies are "straw men" arguments meant to make anyone who believes in christianity look like an idiot.  i feel bad for the people who gave it a good review, they have been duped by the authors who are not arguing a case or explaining the christian right, they are feeding propoganda for their own side.  i was given a free copy of this book and after reading it, i threw it in the trash instead of donating it to a library, it is that bad.  be sure to know something about the author of a book before you buy it, especially on a controversial topics like this one.
surprised.i was surprised to see that my grandmother, who has never spoken ill of anyone under any circumstance, who saw only the good in everyone she met and would give the shirt off her back when she had nothing to give, was completely villified by this book... because she is a christian. i dont think i have ever been more pushed towards christianity than by reading this book.
talk about hate...............what a bunch of hypocrits..this is a radical left-wing hate book. if you are a hollywierdo, alcoholic, drug addict, socialist, communist, (...), then you will love this book.  in other words, this book is  for anyone who loves their sin and doesn't want god in their life.  understandable, why would anyone who chooses to destroy their own life want to hear someone preach against it?  according to this book anyone who believes in god, jesus, religion, faith, decency, and clean living is a "fundamentalist".  which group do you belong to? whoops, does that makes me a fundamentalist?  well, i'm not. being a conservative chrisitian is not necessarily being a fundamentalist..this is nothing but a hate book, which is typical of the new american left that has taken over the democratic party
terrible.don't bother.  characters are lifeless, plot is boring, can't believe her first book is a best seller.  maybe it was just pure luck
this book is now serving as my doorstop..if this is supposed to be a satire, then the author forgot the key element...wit. this waste of wood pulp lacks intelligence and humor, and only the most ditzy of flakes would be able to stomach reading more than halfway through. here's a little advice for the author; take thirty-five cents out of your coin purse, drop it into the nearest pay phone, dial the number of whoever told you that you'd make a decent author, and inform them that they have made baby jesus weep
*gag*.what a pile of vapid tripe. reading this book actually lowered my iq. i quess i could've felt stupider, i could've actually paid for this book. if the overexcessive use of the terms "darling", "amazing", and "delicious" don't give you the douche-chills, then you might actually be able to plod your way through this refuse without wanting to take a hot iron to each of the characters' faces. anyone who likes this vacuous load of landfill fodder probably thinks that paris hilton is a great musician
completely underwhelmed.i read bergdorf blondes earlier this summer and highly recommend it if you'd like to suspend reality for a few hours and get a girly, humorous dose of the high-maintenance lifestyle of a manhattan socialite.  i certainly can't say the same for debutante divorcee - the story is far less engaging; the observations of manners, dress, and other details of society life are shallow and don't add much to the storytelling.  worse, the characters evolve from boring to saccharine - and their respective stories are tied up at the end in a very unimaginative, deux ex machina sort of way that will leave you rolling your eyes.  methinks ps could do better.
should be from bad to worse.despite trying very hard to deny that this is just another fad management book - there is nothing new in this title.  clueless managers will recite the core principals of this book and treat them as gospel as they try to improve their bottom line.  it is also worth noting that at least one of the "great" organizations in the book, fannie may, has imploded in an accounting scandal.  not the worst fad management book ever written, but that isn't saying much
don't buy this book!.if you're going to read one of the great classics of literature-and you should-don't pick up this edition.  it is a reprint of a version that dates back to the 1870s and was exposed more than 40 years ago for cutting nearly one-quarter of verne's story and mistranslating much of the remainder.  its reappearance in this edition is all the more amazing considering tor's status as a leading science fiction publisher, and the company's willingness to perpetrate this fraud on is many readers is truly stunning.  if you want to truly get to know verne's novel, pick up the elegant naval institute press edition, in a modern, complete, updated translation, with commentary by the leading american verne expert today, walter james miller.  that book also comes with many of the artistic engravings that illustrated the original french first edition (no illustrations are to be found in the bn mercier reprint).  less attractive but more academic is the oxford classics version of twenty thousand leagues.  this review is posted on behalf of the north american jules verne society by jean-michel margot, president najvs
bored to tears!.oh boy. i wish i didn't have to finish every book. it is just a pet peeve of mine. however, i couldn't get into this book. i see no clear theme. i know everyone was horrified at 9/11, however the theme went throughout the book and made the book even worse. what happens to all the characters? one is blown up in a maybe terrorist attack on starbucks? another one goes back to her husband. one runs into a tree while skiing and dies. frankie wanders the city trying to hold onto her dad. jeez, i was really hoping to like this book, but i just am relieved it is over
don't bother.i am a fan of novels curtailing the lives of the glamorous, but this was disappointing.  it had a promising start, but then just went nowhere and ended suddenly in a terrible mess.  save your money; i wish that i could recover the six hours of my life that i wasted on this novel
an unfortunate legacy.i bought this book because i've read and enjoyed wendy wasserstein's plays and i knew it was her last work. frankly, i wish she hadn't written it. like many other reviewers, i was reminded of books like hollywood wives in the first half. parodies of lifestyles of the super-rich, like most chick lit, have about exhausted themselves. without more, it's like been there, done that. the second half of the book, if anything, was worse. either someone else finished it for her, or she decided that everything in life was pointless and was going to illustrate that through each of the characters. since it was difficult to care much what happened to any of these characters in the first place, i skimmed the last few chapters. satire is the dark side of humor. it should be witty and thought-provoking. this book was just tiresome and hopefully she will be remembered for her other work
painful.full of painfully obvious cliches. i was insulted on so many levels i don't know where to begin.save yourself the pain, run don't walk
if you are italian do not read this book.typical obvious (re-)placement and (recently all too common)  italian american as disgusting, classless, filthy villain/movie producer makes this book a real disapointment..so boring to make the italian the new interchangeable bad white guy...tired and boring
soooo disappointing!.first off, there will be spoilers so if you want to read this book and don't like to know anything before you read it (like me) then don't read on!..what was this? i love wendy wasserstein as a playwright. i couldn't wait to read this book! i thought that it would be a witty satire on new york's "finest" (not the firefighters, the upper east siders) after 9/11. i was sorely mistaken...the first few chapters are delightful and engaging, but soon, you long for the book to go somewhere... 307 pages later you shut the book realizing that it never did!..the political agenda being pushed was nauseating. i daresay it bordered on propaganda!..i liked not one character in this entire book- not one. at the beginning i thought that this was so that ms wasserstein would make a point later... she never did...you can tell wendy was an excellent playwright from the vivid descriptions of scene. it was written very visually...i hate to say it, but this book's critical acclaim comes only from ms wasserstein's previous success as a playwright and her untimely death. had she lived she would have discovered that she most certainly wasn't a novelist and should have spent her time writing what she is truly genious at- plays
denying the suffering of christians.denying the suffering of christians under moslem rule is what said wants the west to do.  the denial of christian suffering by christians who lived among moslems is a phenomenon that is always overlooked.  as christians who live in egypt, neither said nor i could marry a moslem woman unless we convert to islam; as christians neither said nor i would be allowed entrance to some arab cities; as christians, neither said nor i would be allowed to build a church without permission from the president of egypt.  why is said quiet about that
never judge a book by its cover.when i stared reading danielle steele's novels, well over 20 years ago,they were amazing. the characters were larger than life, the dialog spot on, and the plots original and well thought out. i'm sorry to say that i was drawn to this novel because of its slick cover and interesting premise. after reading "coming out," i had the feeling the author was as bored writing it as i was reading it. in no way could this book have been written by the same author who wrote "the ring."
yet another boring danielle steel book.i almost wasn't going to read this book.  the description didn't appeal to me at all.  but, as we all are die-hard danielle steel fans, i knew i had to try, thinking "oh well, she has to get better!"..wrong - what a dumb book, dumb story.  while i didn't hate this as much as impossible (who can forget the wacky artist?), this book was just a waste of time to read.  and come on, how much more could go wrong before the ball?  i did enjoy her mother-in-law though, and i wish you read more about her past.  but the story was exactly just "fluff."  who cares about such things anyway?  how i'd love to read a real-life story of someone who actually struggles in this life!  although we all read to escape our own lives perhaps, and sometimes books about exciting lives can take our minds off our own troubles for a bit, danielle steel's books take us nowhere and we just end up frustrated.  how can she not read all these reviews from her unhappy fans and try to change her ways?  ah for the days of thurston house, the ring, wanderlust.....those days are long gone, i'm afraid.  but yet - we keep reading - and are bonded by our constant disappointment
put an end to the torture of reading ds.i also have been a great fan of ds over the many years she's been writing books. however, i'm convinced that she can't possibly be writing these books any longer. they're terrible. and each time a new one comes out, i think i'll give it one more try. then i complain about the book and vow "never again". well, this time is the last--------this book was the worst..as she's been doing lately, the stories are shallow. she repeats herself over and over again. her sentence structure is awful. her grammer is terrible. and did i say she repeats herself over and over and over. the story this time was about a "coming out" event for her twin daughters. most of the story line was extremely predictible and very trite. very boring and, as i said, terrible sentences and thoughts. i could write a book better than this one and i'm not an author..ok----i have said it all in past reviews and i won't digress------but this time i vow and will keep this vow--------no more danielle steel until she goes back to writing as she did in "thurston house" and " message from nam". until that time, i've given up on her entirely. finally
the worst book so far.over the years i read numerous books by danielle steel and this definitly tops the list as the worst book yet.  plot is incredibly weak..
worst danielle steel yet.i have been reading danielle steel since her first book was published and this is by far her worst one yet. over the past few years her writing has deterioriated rapidly. it's almost as if she doesn't care anymore; she knows readers will buy her books no matter how poorly they're written...the storyline for coming out is a dual one: a woman's twin teenaged daughters' invitations to a "coming out" ball (somewhat like a debutante presentation), and her son's "coming out" by announcing he is gay at the "coming out" ball. along the way, one of the twins refuses to attend the ball, the other one loves the idea, her five year old son by her 2nd (and current) husband comes down with chicken pox, one of the twin daughters' long, white gloves for the ball are damaged, and her mother-in-law falls and breaks her ankle. her husband is jewish, her mother-in-law is a holocaust survivor, her ex-husband is a gambler and alcoholic, his wife is a bimbo, and her oldest son is gay. i think she covered all the "politically correct" demographics. even so, the characters are shallow, one dimensional and boring. the writing is simplistic, repetitive and amatuerish...steel used to write fascinating, wonderful to read books such as a perfect stranger, the ring, message from nam, wings, etc., but not lately...[...
can a book be any triter?.oh, please, this book is just ridiculous and trite...here we have olympia, the "perfect" modern woman, beautiful, a successful, high powered lawyer, who has the perfect job, gets to take every friday off even (don't we all?), a perfect and wealthy husband who loves her dearly (but of course), two gorgeous twin teen-age daughters, one a "rebel" interested in protesting everything, the other a social butterfly (would you expect anything else?), a mother in law from heaven (an auschwitz survivor - to bring a little pathos into the story) who she loves better than her own (dead) mother, (what other kind of mother in law could she be?) and a young, perfect son (naturally).  oh, did i leave anyone out?  let's see - she has her requisite ex-husband who naturally is an alcoholic and a complete jerk (hmm, nothing new there), with his silly new wife (well, did you expect her to be anything else?) , her one black friend (yes, keeping the story "real"), and oh yes, the real point of the "coming out" - not her beautiful twin daughter's coming out ball, but her eldest son admitting to her that he is gay, at the ball, of course, while she gazes up at him proudly with tears in her eyes.  (let's bring the storyline right into today's headlines)...the book was so filled with cliches it was pathetic.  from the husband taking a stand against going to the ball because it was against everything he believes in (while he is, naturally, fighting for the poor and downtrodden in his high powered legal job), to the ex-alcholic husband "playing the ponies" and living on his trust fund (has not worked in 15 years), to one of the twins getting a tattoo, which just almost destroys olympia because the tattoo will show when the twin wears her dress to the ball, oh, but, handy survivor grandma to the rescue, who manages to sew a perfect stole by hand in one afternoon, after olympia dashes around and naturally is able to find the material in the exact shade, weight and hue as the dress...of course this coming out ball is supposed to be for "wasp" society only, so the husband makes a stand by refusing to come to the ball.  olympia  decides to make her own stand, by inviting her black friend and her husband, as well as her auschwitz survivor mother in law, to the ball.  in the days before the ball, the youngest son gets chicken pox, the mother in law falls down and breaks her ankle, one of the twins boyfriends breaks up with her, one of the twins loses a glove (chewed up by a friend's dog) and olivia has to run out to buy a pair of manolo blahnik heels for her daughter.  oh, yes, and the twin's escort shows up to the ball with electric blue hair...but, because olympia is perfect, she manages to "fix" everything at the last minute . .  did you expect anything less?..this book was just awful, and did not ring true at all.  each character was a cliche in themselves, way over the top.  the premise of the story was ridiculous. . .  i have read most of danielle steele's work, ok, so she is not dostoyevsky, but her books were good for sitting down on a long afternoon with a nice cup of tea and reading a juicy and interesting story.  this short book seemed like it was almost written because she had contractual obligations to fulfill.  there was no passion, the sentences were short and stilted, and she seemed totally disinterested in her characters.  come on danielle steele, you can and have done a lot better than this!!!..don't bother with this book.  when i finished reading it i literally groaned, it was that bad
writing 2 to 3 books per year equals poor quality reading.i just read this book, quite quickly in one afternoon. i think i've pretty much purchased and read every danielle steel book she's ever written as they used to be entertaining quick reads. i understand she has become an empire but must she also be a book writing factory. there is never much suprise as to how a ds book will end, the pleasure in reading them comes from the twist and turns,  historical and geographical research she puts into her books. this book reads more like a short story as many of her other recent books. definately not worth the hardcover price.  time to slow down and put out some quality work instead of quantity.  this book was fluffy  dull
not as good as her earlier novels.i wonder if danielle steel is running out of material, as her recent books have been rather superficial and not very engaging compared to her classic and deeper earlier novels. although quite glamorous, the idea of a posh "coming out" party isn't very interesting or applicable to an average person living in the contemporary world. as short as this novel was, there was so much repetition and rehashing of the storyline, and that space could have been better filled.  an author of danielle steel's calibre should have fleshed out the deeper issues contained in the plot instead of glossing over them at a fast pace.
coming out.how bad can she get???? i loved so many of her books....but this one was bad...dont bother....read her older ones.."echoes " is the best book of hers...i loved it....
huge disappointment.the others in the series were great, and i really looked forward to a breath of snow and ashes. it read like it was all gabaldon's discarded notes for the previous installment.  i felt really cheated to have spent my time and money on this book.
the messenger.i'am unable to get this message to anyone.  this is the second book i orderd and both books are bad.  this one starting on disc #4 all is bad..i sent back the customer card and explained my displeasure but no one has contacted me.  i had the same problem on vanishing point, the cd left will not play on my player.  i will not order another book from you. once i can see this happen, but twice is unacceptable
al deserved better than this shoddy book.i had been meaning to read this long-overdue biography of alan shepard, and i happened to pick it up in a cruise ship library.  as i read it i was surprised at the number of factual inaccuracies--there is at least one glaring non-technical error per chapter, which calls into question almost everything else between the covers.  numerous reviews here mention more problems with technical aspects of the book that i was unaware of, but which do not surprise me given the apparent lack of proofreading and fact-checking...an example:  upon finding the book, i leafed through it and found the section on apollo 14.  there it mentioned that john glenn had "almost killed himself when he lost control of the pace car at the daytona 500 and slammed into a flatbed trailer crowded with journalists."  this sentence boggled my mind, for it contained two errors:  the pace car was at the indianapolis 500, and john glenn was a passenger while a local dodge dealership owner was the driver.  the book is just full of examples of this kind of sloppy reporting...edit:  i see that at least the paperback edition correctly says indianapolis 500, but it still incorrectly implies that glenn was driving the pace car
i should have watched the movie.i had to read this book for school. i thought i would love it, but it turns out i was wrong. this book was mind numbing. it is drawn out and boring. i almost threw the book away and rented the movie. i should have. this books sucks. don't waste your time reading it
big messy jumble of ideas.mr silber must indeed be very good at self-promotion: he obviously got all his friends and extended family to write great reviews about this mediocre book...when i set out to pick a book on self-promotion, i wanted useful insights (something a little deeper than "smile, and the world smiles with you"), or at least a clear method -- a set of carefully selected and tested steps. after reading so many reviews praising this book, i thought i had finally found what i was looking for...big mistake. this book is not clear, or organized, or particularly insightful. it's just a big, long jumble of ideas loosely grouped into chapters that all seem to talk about everything and nothing. it is not very well written in terms of either formal grammar or style, and is only mildly amusing, as the lack of a clear direction quickly makes it boring...but that's not all: the book is filled with quotes and pseudo-scientific "facts" that may be appropriate for a casual conversation among friends over a beer at a bar, but definitely not for a book that the reader would like to be able to rely on. in other words, it reads a lot more like the national enquirer than the washington post...in my opinion the author makes the mistake of confusing creative people with ignorant, unsophisticated people lacking a critical sense
very average.'ajax and php' is a very mediocre book with a lot of code in it, not especially good for learning, and not worth the price. if you want a really good ajax book, i recommend 'ajax in action'
this book is trash.this book is the biggest piece of literary trash i have seen in a long time. it is a collection of peace-mongering propaganda that seems to take issue with political reality as much as the author does in her own life. the agendas in her poems spoil the spirit of the pieces and make the reader resent the author. the poems are rather sophomoric at best, and are poorly written. most of them make no sense; you would have to be inside ms. walker's head to comprehend her contorted style. it appears that ms. walker should re-enroll in a college level poetry class. this book is trash. don't waste your money on this piece of junk--i took my copy back after 24 hours
has been.found recipes dated, layout makes it difficult to use and although some of the how-to is useful, its generally from another era. bought gourmet cook book instead
yuck!!!.if you want bad gourmet recipes, then this is your book. the basic information is poor at best, and the "fancy" gourmet recipes are not even good. when i begin to cook a meal, i'll look in the "joy of cooking", get disappointed, and go and find what i want on the internet. the recipes are what you would expect to eat in the early 20th century. this book should have stayed there. i'm sure your grandma loves it though! squid in ink sauce?! for real? c'mon
caution- the binding is terrible on this book.the "two new sciences" are required study at thomas aquinas college in california. i and a number of students have this paperback edition. the pages come loose and just keep coming loose as you study the propositions.  even being very careful with the book, the pages still keep coming out.  i have heard a number of other people complain of this same problem...pretty much everyone here knows that the paperback edition falls apart and they only buy it since it is cheaper than the hardback.  i have no idea how the pages hold up on the hardback edition, but i hear that it is better than with the paperback.  so unless you intend to put it in a display case and read it from there, i urge you to skip the paperback version and get the hardback or get another publishing entirely (if such exists) until wall  emerson gets their act together and republishes this book, fixing the problem.  i rate two stars only because of the greatness of the text itself, subtracting three for the horrible binding.
typical marxist drivel.i bought this book at a yard sale, just out of curiosity. it's been a good long time since i've had an opportunity to read some marxist propaganda. doggone it, the soviet union crashed and all the fun stopped. the propaganda wars of the 80s were a hoot for while. between vladimir posner and the ever-dwindling, drowning cpusa, we got a glimpse of a kinder, gentler marxism. this book reads like something out of people's daily world. i gave the book two stars for nostalgia value...i read the book in one sitting and wasn't surprised at the conclusions it drew, that it is all the fault of the nasty capitalists who want only to enslave the beleaguered working class. they bombard us with advertising and like mindless dolts we go out and get ourselves in debt and become slaves to the system. ultimately, the book is condescending and juvenilizing. shame on you, authors! treat your readers as intellectual equals! typical of hardcore marxists, you treat your fellow working people as not very bright, needing your divine guidance. it's always strikes me funny how none of these people plan on working in the pencil factory after the revolution...there are two approaches one can take when confronted with the reality that workplaces have become increasingly toxic. (i agree with that assessment.) we can look to the nasty old government to change its ways or we can look to ourselves to create a living on our own, independent of corporations. i choose the second. freedom is always the best option...i recommend claire wolfe's "how to kill the job culture before it kills you." it addresses these issues in a clever and intelligent manner and proposes reasonable solutions to "wage slavery."
very disappointing.with all the publicity this book got i thought i would learn something i didn't know.  very little new in this publication and not worth reading or owning.  very disappointed
publicity stunt.this book is very disappointing, as is most of gunaratna's work on islamist terrorism. it's the sort of stuff governments and many of the public want to hear, ie. bin laden and aq are everywhere, responsible for every terrorism attack and all regional terorist groups (such as ji) are aq franchises - total bollocks. the book lacks solid and verifiable reserach and is written by a "scholar" who spends most of his time doing alarmist media commentary
fiction mixed with truth..if you wish to destroy your database or knowledge on al-qaeda, buy this book...the title is a warning in itself. no academic with high profile has ever managed to infiltrate inside `al-qaeda', or correctly speaking, the muslim brotherhood. it is barely possible to insert any deep cover agents at all, let alone an academic who is fluent in none of their languages, and is obviously not even a muslim. hanging off of the coat-tails of policemen is easy enough, but they will not reveal much to an academic who employs sensational, difficult-to-refute revelations to make a living...mr. gunaratna claims to have been the principle investigator at the un terrorism prevention branch (tpb). this is a straightforward lie..no investigator positions exist there, or have ever existed. he was only a temporary consultant, and he was not a un staff member...the un tpb is not an anti- or counter-terrorism organisation in any law enforcement sense, but an organisation which employs historians and lawyers to work on international and national legislation against terrorism - laws, no agents...mr gunaratna claims 20 years of policy, operational and academic experience in counter terrorism, in his biography at.http://hlssummit.hawaii.gov/content/aboutthesummit/speakers.htm#gunaratna..there is nothing to suggest that he ever been involved in counter-terrorism - the proactive, field operations form of anti-terrorism engaged in by some intelligence, security, police and elite army organisations. that said, bear in mind that a cleaner at langley can truthfully say "i work at the cia"...mr gunaratna has a remarkable but unenviable reputation in law enforcement and intelligence circles. but no-one is going to betray their oath of office or official secrets act to refute or confirm what mr. gunaratna asserts, so in the kingdom of the blind (the public domain information on alqa'ida), the one-eyed man is king, except that he has not the one eye he claims...to trust this nonsense-mixed-with-truth is to invite self-delusion...principle investigator.....yes, and i am napoleon bonaparte
scaremongering and inaccurate.this book is appalling. it is disempowering to women, providing false and very negative information about out of hospital births (with no reference to back it up), and generally gives a "don't worry your pretty little head and do what the doctor tells you" attitude--even if what the doctor tells you will endanger you and your baby...in spite of what this book says, there are things you can do to minimize tearing (and episiotomies don't heal better than tears, in spite of what the book says), things you can do to improve your chances of a healthy baby without a cesarean or other medical interventions, and so on. of course there are times these things are needed, but not nearly so often as the book suggests, and it's not nearly so random. it continually cites opinions as facts, without any evidence base...there are much, much better books out there than this one. don't subject yourself to the needless anxiety of this book
didn't really like it.i know that no book can cover every topic, but this book left a lot out. it went into great detail about what i should do if i got some pretty rare diseases, but barely touched on the subject of morning sickness, which is much more common..and some of the information was just plain wrong. i trashed the book when it made me freak out in the 20th week because i couldn't feel the baby move. it advised that i should call the doctor. when i did, i found out most women don't feel it move until 21 weeks. unfortunately i found this out after i had cried my eyes out thinking something was wrong..i would not suggest this book to anyone
weak.i have this book and it is weak as hell.  it doesn't give you anything common sense can't figure out for you.  it doesn't explain anything in great detail enough to help you out at all.  don't waste your money.  try trial amp; error.  - shabam the moderately sober fat mac
boring.big disappointment.  i expected this book to be hysterical.  her sense of humor is certainly different!  very shallow material..marty wurtz.author of deceptions and betrayal
disapppointing.a few good things, but she's lost her edge and i find it impossible to identify at all with women who regularly have themselves stitched up here and there, botoxed, massaged, pt-ed.....plus i've never made $150,000+ per year so i feel like i live in another cosmos...besides, i live in france, where real faces are appreciated...constance rodrigu
gritty language does not equal gritty reporting..mr. dicker seems to believe that peppering his text with foul language gives his work an edge. i can't decide if he is just trying to be hip, urbane or if his vocabulary is so limited he has no other option...if mr. dicker considers himself a serious writer, and apparently he does, he should concentrate on holding the readers' attention through solid writing and give up the crass language...i would not recommend this book for anyone expecting a thoughtful, carefully crafted critique of wal-mart
no help at all.this book did not teach me anything and was a waste of money. page 364:  principles of long term investing:  "chapter 8 shows that among the sp 500 index returns, large value stocks have a small edge over large growth stocks."  now look at chapter 8.  "of the 10 largest corporations, only 2  (exxon mobile and citigroup) are value stocks."  duuhhh.  now i know what to do.  i have a choice of two stocks.  if you already know all there is to know about the stockmarket, buy this book and pat yourself on the back for being so smart. if you know little, it won't add to your knowledge at all
cumbersome.i find it much more difficult to navigate this book than, say, moreland and fleisher's book of latin grammar. furthermore, it's verbosity is frequently difficult to penetrate. the author seems to have an aversion to synthetic explanation, relying instead on an overabundance of examples that serve to clarify little of the readers confusion
it's bad, baby....i saw a documentary on "hank" bukowski, and thought i'd give him a day in court. this was the only work of his available at the library, so this is what i sampled. it's crap. a waste of time. bukowski's reputation certainly can't rest on this alone. did he pull an esoteric fast-one, and write this just for the initiated? maybe. the book still sucks
clever at best..this was bukowski's last published work before he died. it's an old-fashioned detective novel, or a parody of one, and an allegory about a man getting ready to die. it's clever at best. there are some great one-liners. at worst, it's convoluted and easy. taken in context of bukowski's life, it's a big middle finger to all the literary elitism bukowski despised. but as a stand-alone book, it's little more than its title suggests: pulp. fluff. and if you're not interested in bukowski's life, this book has little to offer.
worse thing he ever wrote!!.now don't get me wrong, i'm a huge bukowski fan. post office is a great novel and women is pretty damn good also, but this is just awful. if this was his first ever novel, it would never have been published. bukowski always writes about how he never got anything into print for 25 years and if it was anything like this then i can believe why. pulp, is just a very bad book. the story is stupid, the plot is a mess, the characters are dumb. the only good thing about it is it's short. it's a shame to read something so bad from someone i used to love to read. stay well away from this book, you will only be very disappointed
quality problems.calvin  hobbes is far and away the best comic strip ever, and i looked forward to getting this set for quite some time. if it weren't for the problems described below, i'd give this set 5 stars. but, i have several issues with the production quality:..1) the "removable" goop they stick the top label on (under the shrink wrap) stuck to the fabric-like covering on the slip-case and left a spot that won't come off...2) the books fit very tight in the case, and when i pulled the first one out, the covering of the case was caught on the corner of the book and pulled loose. there was no way to get it out without that happening. it also came loose in other places. this is unacceptable, as it caused permanent damage...3) the corner of the slip-case was crumpled, even though it was packaged very tightly. this was the fault of the shipper, as it had clearly been dropped. but, one of the books had damaged pages (corners slightly dented and folded over). this couldn't be blamed on the shipper, as it was inside the shrink wrap...i think i will be sending this set back to be exchanged or refunded.
perhaps we should pay and do other stuff!.very disappointed in this book.  i think one could get more from a google of la.  oh well, i guess i expected unusual stuff, given the title
what a disappointment!.i was horribly disappointed in this book. i look forward to debbie macomber books because she has a gift for presenting everyday problems of likeable people and allowing these people to solve them realistically...not this time. chrissie was a pain in the neck, and the way susannah handled her relationship with her daughter (allowing her to whine and blackmail her) almost forced me to stop listening to the book in the mddle. her mother's sudden change of heart concerning her move to assisted living was almost laughable, except that this is a very real problem among people of my generation and i would have liked to have read a little more believable solution...there is hope, however. susannah is buying a flower shop on blossom street in seattle. could it be that she and lydia hoffman (the shop on blossom street and a good yarn) will meet and appear together in a future publication? if so, i hope it's better than susannah's garden
a minority opinion.never having read macomber before, i picked up susannah with interest, hoping to discover the secret of her popularity. while the premise of this book is a promising one, it never reached it's potential. susannah as a character is oh so nice, and for a woman in her 50's, remarkably impetuous and self-absorbed. her husband joe is incredibly mild mannered and forebearing, and daughter chrissy, evidently meant to be charmingly naive and innocent, comes across as petulant and spoiled. as so often happens with writers who turn out book after book, macomber annoyingly depends too much on favorite phrases (e.g., he "wound his arm around her waist"). less than halfway through this story, its central "mystery" became transparently predictable, and in the final 30 pages, all the pieces fell conveniently into their happy ending places..on the positive side, macomber did a terrific job portraying the insidiousness of alzheimer's. perhaps her earlier novels are more skillfully written
not one of quindlen's best.this book was easy enough to read, it just wasn't what i expected from quindlen.  i usually find her writing style and her way of thinking about things so captivating, in this book i really did not find either of those traits to stand out.  the back-and-forth from current day to the past was somewhat confusing, and sometimes i was in the middle of a paragraph before i realized this paragraph was a jump to the past, whereas the previous paragraph was present time.  although i got used to that writing style, i always found it annoying.  the storyline itself never sold me either: a typical, young "sew-your-wild-oats" boy finds a baby and decides to keep it and is the "perfect" father. i just did not find such an occurrence likely.  and, as a mother myself, all the times he either left the newborn alone or took it with him while he labored on the land just made me squirm. anyway the whole story seemed far-fetched and disjointed to me, and a disappointment especially since i have been a quindlen fan for many, many years
another american myth.i haven't actually read the book, but the title says it all...the author doesn't understand economics!..wealth is made by the ingenuity of the people who seek to produce better goods and services that would satisfy consumer demand...ingenuity is sadly lacking in china, now, or ever. look at any chinese invention, and see its real development only when the europeans got hold of it, from razor blades to paper money...not convinced, look at patent production in china. it is eclipsed by most us states or european nations...sorry, no sale
absurdity.i'm not a big fan of existentialism to start out with, but i began this play expecting at least to find an interesting theme or philosophy concerning the nature of life and existence.  this work, however, is pure tripe.  critical appraisal should not even be attempted for this drivel- it's akin to the random scribblings of a two-year old or a mud-splattered canvas.  the drawing on the front cover has more artistic value than this play.  in my mind, it doesn't merit serious consideration and analysis, because it is by nature pure absurdity and nonsense.  beckett sure accomplished his goal though- look how many reviewers commented on the "extremely difficult themes" and "brilliant artistry" of the play
boring but good.the information presented in this book is amazing.  the economics of baseball are hardly talked about.  there are some things that go on behind the scenes that most of us don't know about.  it was fascinating to find out about this, but it got to be too much for me to handle.  i ended up being bored with it in the end and that is why i gave it two stars.  i also disagree with some of zimbalist's theories on how to reform baseball.  he is not open to any other ways, and i should know since i met him once for a seminar
surprising bad.by the other reviews here, you'd think this was a marvelous sports-war book fullof interesting, endearing characters performing in extraordinary times. in fact, the book reads like a story from a friendly uncle who carries on and on about people you don't know who he hasn't made you care about. there's little to bond you to the characters, and much of the book explains the not particularly interesting game-by-game season of a wisconsin football team. in the preface the autor relates how his father's life inspired the book, and this feels like something someone would write for the benefit of the narrow group of people who experienced it, not the general public
boring.this was required reading for my 15 year old son and he said:.it was boring
"classic" doesn't improve with age.like many other readers and amazon reviewers, this book was assigned reading for me in high school. i read it again recently when the kids got it...and found it has not improved with age. one wonders why generation after generation of teachers continues to tout this book as a "classic" when it's really far from enjoyable...the premise is interesting - youths coming of age during the world war era that's changing not only their future but their entire way of life. unfortunately the characters, from prestigious, wealthy families who are more than just a little bit snotty -  just can't hold the average reader's sympathy. teens couldn't relate to them 30 years ago and can't now. the main character, furthermore, can't be referred to as a hero, since he deliberately wounds his best friend, and is indirectly responsible for his death. "did he do it on purpose?" won't hold interest for hundreds of pages, and the fact remains that, whatever the reason, he did do it either through deliberate cruelty or carelessness. neither reason is excusable...if we want kids to love reading, give them something that's interesting, and characters to like. "a separate peace" provides neither
some things aren't funny....i generally like david sedaris; in fact he's one of my favorites. but when his stories veer off into the death of children, almost gratuitously, i can't see the humor. this is, please note, the first book of his that i haven't enjoyed. but it's got a couple of gruesome episodes that jarred the joy out of me
not much of a holiday.perhaps listening to the audiotape intensified the smug, "aren't i hilarious?" tone of this book. note: it is entirely possible that i am not clever enough to understand the humor of this book.  or even to identify the humor in the book...the story of the two families competing with each other - to the point of handing over their children to be abused by a beggar, and donating various organs - was the train wreck of the holiday tales.  (although it may have been the story about the preacher, i can't say for sure because i gave that deadly tale five minutes to redeem itself before skipping it entirely.  so, in fact, perhaps the story is not about a preacher.  i'll never know.  neither should you.)..i think it's fair to say that the self-satisfied, condescending narrator of these tales simply couldn't bring himself to care about his characters.  they're simply dimensionless, cliched props - the self-centered suburban woman, the socially competitive neighbors - that should immediately journey to oz so that they can collect the hearts and brains of which sedaris has seen fit to deprive them...speaking of hearts and brains, this book could use a hefty dose of those, too.
wait for the cliffs notes.this book was recommended by someone a lot more financially successful than i am.  but while i was reading, i kept asking myself, "when's he going to get to the point?"  the first part of the book is all about why it's good to be rich--something i thought was unnecessary.  the bulk of the book is filled with anecdotes that try to illustrate the different mindset of rich people as compared to middle-class and poor.  finally, in the last part of the book, he gives some practical examples of what he considers to be good investment strategy.   this was the only part of the book i was interested in.  to me, it was like his publicist told him that no one is going to buy a 30-page book on investing and so kiyosaki wrote what he knew about making money and filled the rest with "fluff".  however, even his advice is considered questionable by many experts.  i would say that the main idea i got from this book was to try to look at investing from different angles and not to just follow the crowd.  i just wish i hadn't invested so much time in a book that could have been a lot more concise
let me save you $12.21 today..this has to be my least favorite of my kiyosaki collection.  i will sum it up for you...think and know the power of leverage, passive income is taxed at a lower rate than earned income, and you gotta buy assets!  there, you can continue shopping
do not buy this book.words cannot describe how ripped off and disappointed i feel about buying this book...having read rdpd and cfq in the kiyosaki range previously and finding them great, i thought this book would be great as well. i'm sorry to say it's the worst book i've ever read. the entire book is a blatant sales brochure for all his other books...there's all these annoying references where you get a little bit of information and then instructions that if you want to know more, you need to buy one of his other books..i didn't get any useful information and it's certainly not a 'how to' book. i thought i would be reading about him and his wife's story but all i got was the same few points said over and over again. he doesn't even try to say them in a different way...the other annoying thing was his promotion of network marketing as a good business option. it was obviously done to help sweeten the deal he has with the network marketing association who recommend all his books to their members...i could seriously go on and on about why you shouldn't waste your money on this book but i won't...i have never written a book review on amazon before as i have never felt so strongly about a book. i generally feel if i get even just 1 thing out of reading a book then it was well worth it. in this case i didn't get anything out of it and felt really used and taken advantage of which is why i decided to post this review...i hope it saves someone else from wasting their money. buying this book will not help you retire young or retire rich
sorta funny.this would have been a good skit, or maybe a short story, but not an entire novel.  the book is tired like the town wigfield
just awful.i love david sedaris. i like strangers with candy. but this is the worst book i've ever read. all of the characters are exactly the same, and the entire book is a repetition of one joke. save yourself valuable time and money and stay far, far away from wigfield
sophomoric.funny people have it bad. when they're actually making you laugh they're fine. when they're failing to make you laugh they come off as desperate, flailing nerds. i was a huge fan of stranger with candy whose writing was incisive and brutally funny. less so with the book of liz, and even less so with this book. sedaris, colbert  dinello are funny people but this is an embarassment. it's abundantly clear now that they require a format (ripe for a send-up) to shine. was there a 2nd draft or was this a cash-in for their agents? every joke in this nervous-to-please dud is a throwaway. a tiresome type of joke starts on page 1. by page 2 you've detected the formula and by page 3 it's just grating. the plot is the flimsiest possible structure three smart asses can bounce bad puns  jokes off of. it quickly collapses. i could not complete it but i suspect the book ends up being lightweight crap. when you commit to nothing but your own funniness you never get around to questions of merit. this is a desperately nerdy book, just as the posed "funny" pictures suggest. (i've never seen less funny pictures...) who was the intended audience for this? the dumbest person i know has a more sophisticated funny bone than this...there's wit and then there's corn. this is a whole crop of the latter. leave time for your own groaning if you plan to read the whole thing
there's a few hours i'll never get back.really, i hate to use such an overused phrase as the title for my review, but coming up with something clever is really more than this book deserves. you'd think it'd be a safe bet that a book written by people you find funny and endorsed on the back cover by people you find hilarious is going to be a hoot. you'd think that, but you'd be wrong. instead you'd be left saying, "jon stewart, my man, you liked this? seriously? are you high? no, wait don't answer that, it's all becoming abundantly clear to me now."
a bone to pick with 'skeleton man'!.i've read only a few of hillerman's previous leaphorn/chee novels. i've enjoyed what i've rtead, though they are an acquired taste, and i don't indulge in them very often. i tend to enjoy the earlier, more active years of joe leaphorn more interesting than his ' semi-retired unofficial advisor to jim chee' phase...from what i gather, 'skeleton man' continues a recent trend of disappointment with hillerman's last few novels. even without having read the books immediately prior to this one, i can understand that sentiment..'skeleton man' starts off with a rather risky premise, tying the story in with the real life collision over the grand canyon in 1956. while an author can occasionally pull off a good story with a strong connection to 'real life'(see nelson de mille's 'night fall'), hillerman fails here..the story is bogged down with bland and unlikable supporting characters, flimsy motivation, and very little that could really be called 'action'..chee ends up joining leaphorn in the background for much of the story..the spiritual and ritualistic aspects of hillerman's earlier books are, for the most part, glossed over here. even what should have been a major plot development (chee's wedding) is overshadowed by chee have to rescue manuelito, in the manner of far too many contrived 'superman rescues lois' situations..better to stick with hillerman's earlier novels. the 'aging athlete past his prime' analogy suits hillerman, i'm afraid
don't appreciate hillerman's style of writing.after reading so many positive reviews, i decided to try skeleton man as my first hillerman novel.  unfortunately, i'm about 100 pages into it and have decided to give up on it...i read a lot of novels and have never really had a problem with this before, but i find hillerman's writing style to be very choppy and awkward.  i find i have to re-read sentences to catch the meaning because it just doesn't flow smoothly...here's an example of one paragraph that i opened to randomly:.."getting this ceremonial procession from tuve's village on second mesa to the canyon rim and them to the riverbank involved describing several more stops for prayers and offerings, the placing of painted feathers in the proper places with the proper songs, and putting prayer sticks where the proper spirits traditionally visited.  by the time tuve had brought them to the hopi shrine at the tribe's cliff-bottom salt deposits, joanna craig had looked at her watch three times that chee had noticed.  navajo fashion, he hadn't glanced at his own.  tuve would finish when he finished."..it's like he talks in short cuts that you're expected to follow..when i'm reading this book, my mind is wandering all over the place because the text doesn't draw me in...i'm glad he has a lot of fans out there, but i'm not one of them
crank-theory and work of an amateur.a poory written, racially charged work by a bitter, probably mentally ill schoolteacher that gives the illusion of having a "key" to historical development. in addition to the cycle of history thesis, he identifies eight civilizations and their birth to death cycle, spengler points to a nation's "will" and race as the key to a "kultur's" success...this is the sort of crank theory that held an appeal to national socialists and amateur history buffs for whom decline mythology holds an attraction-- facts be damned...interesting as an historical footnote but dismissed by anyone with a serious foundation in history and historical analysis.
how not to write a fantasy (imho)?.god, this book was awful! not just the story, it was the construction that turned me off. the storyline is weak and the writing immature. characters seem to sprout and wither with all the imagination of a photocopier. there is nary a connection between personalities and their responses to events. i can go on but i guess i need to be more concrete...a sprite introduced within the first 45 pages suddenly develops ventriloquistic abilities for just one scene. nary a mention before or later of that ability. while it is the prerogative of the author, a little more finesse would have been nice...there is an unnecessary page or two of pontification before each of the five parts that comprise the book. for a work so shallow in its content, this essentially has a "insult-to-injury" aura...guenhwyvar is totally wasted/domesticated in the book. there was some evocation of majesty associated with the panther in the first book. in this third book, he had all the majesty of a tomcat. also unbelievable is a battle towards the end where the panther is unable to dispose of the pet dog of the bad guy...then there's montolio, what can i say....for a couple of chapters i thought this might be a promising character, especially with the blind archer bit. he even defeats the great drizzt in battle, seemingly teaching him a "valuable" lesson. then dies a few months later of old age. c'mon!!..with this book i give up on robert salvatore, never mind the ringing endorsement given to him by margaret weis in the 'introduction' (strike one for her)
suffers from poor writing and dull characters.sojourn is the conclusion of the dark elf trilogy which began with homeland, continued in exile and ends here. if you've not read the first two books then i suggest you do so now because the third book is a direct continuation of the other books and you'll be missing out quite a lot by starting here...exile was a notch below homeland. it suffered from poor characters and a very predictable storyline and sojourn isn't much different. none of the characters from the first two books remain(besides drizzt of course) so the reader has to deal with a whole new cast. for the most part, these new characters are very one dimensional and similar to the characters in exile in that there's no attachment to the characters. they're just stage props that drizzt interacts with before moving on to yet another part of his journey. characters leave or die out of the blue and they're not very fleshed out. the only decent character montolio receives almost no development besides a page or two about his past. the author could have spent more time on the characters instead of writing overly long, 10 page battles that go nowhere...the action returns here in quantity as in the books before. again, it feels that more of the book is spent in fights than anything else and the battles themselves are completely too long and are littered with many unnecessary descriptions...the writing too is the worst yet. there are many sentences that just don't read well at all and show a very amateur style. the book itself is very simplisticly written so it will appeal to the younger crowd but if you're looking for some deep, well written fantasy then look elsewhere...the poor writing, weak and boring characters, and overly long battles are the main downfalls of the book. the world still remains rather interesting with interesting creatures and a lush, although not fully developed world. the story is rather weak too as it just continues on the course exile took. the story is uninspired and nothing much really happens throughout; drizzt just moves from one place to another with a few small stops and adventures. it's probably the worst part of the dark elf trilogy although the ending does introduce some new characters that may bode well for the icewind dale trilogy.
what a joke!!.what's wrong with all you amamzon reviewers?..i actually quite liked shutter island but this was total garbage. the morose tone is totally overdone throughout, and the end is pathetic. the interesting situtation setup in the first chapter is never satisfyingly integrated with the rest of the story...avoid
way overrated!!!.when i bought the book i did not know that they already made a movie out of it but i learned about it later on. so i was really excited when i started to read it - also because other comments were really good..unfortunately the book could not live up to my expectations at all...first the story development is really slow- it takes an awful lot of pages before the actual crime happens...second, several passages in the book do not contribute anything vital at all to the story but only slow down the pace significantly...the worst part of the book though is its style: it does not matter if a person really contributes anything at all to the story or the crime - he/she gets an extensive characterization. most of them are several pages long and bore the hell out of the reader. without this absolutely unnecessary amount of information this book easily could be about 200 pages shorter...but even if the pace is slow and the book should be shorter, couldn't it still be an interesting book? unfortunately those of you who hope to find a decent crime story will be disappointed big time as well. the detective aspect is so simple it could be told in less than 100 pages. on top of that the solution to the crime is so simple that after the first clue you know who the murderer is - and wonder why you need to go through over 200 pages to find out officially...conclusion:.if you are a psychologist and/or like in-depth character studies this is exactly the right book for you..but for those of you who like fast-paced stories, ample twist and turns, surprises, action, thrilling developments and/or elaborate detective stories this book will be an absolute waste of your time. please do not come anyway near it. watch the movie instead - this way you will see some really great actors and are over with it in 2 hours
i must have missed something.i was really looking forward to both the book and the movie. unfortunately i think both are very much overrated. character development is non-existent. we're supposed to believe that the haunted, passive, timid character dave was an all-star shortstop in high school? the book had a great premise and good beginning, but went nowhere interesting. the handling of dave's character relies on cliche and we never really get insight into the book's most intriguing character.
round up the usual suspects.rollins' book is an unfortunate combination of the generic and the pretentious.  there's nothing wrong with a generic thriller, as other reviews have pointed out.  but if the author wishes to float a seemingly serious argument about evolution v intelligent design, it would behoove him to provide a moderately sturdy frame. the material from quantum physics does hark back to jurassic park, while the nazi involvement moves us into the neighborhood of the boys from brazil or the assassini.  even the surprise ending - evident from about 200 pages away - is lifted straight from the genesis code by john case.  but those conspiracy theory classics (well, case's isn't a classic, but it's a good read) are anchored by well-developed characters and minimal dependency on the crutch of coincidence...rollins' characters are all of the usual suspects, and less...there is the generic complement of intrepid males, most with two last names - greyson pierce, monk kokkalis, logan gregory, painter crow - and the mandatory super-skilled hottie, this one named dr lisa cummings.  the street-wise waif role is filled by an orphaned pakistani teenager with the unlikely name of fiona.  raised in london, she lived for several years on the streets after her parents died and left her to an abusive uncle;  she subsequently bummed across europe (still trapped in the time-warp of her early teens) and ended up living as the adopted granddaughter of a copenhagen book dealer.  somewhere along this odyssey she managed to acquire fluent dutch as well as staggering pick-pocket skills, the latter slightly less improbable than the former...dr marsha fairfield and dr paula kane are two terrific exceptions to this collection of cut-out figures.  in a genre affording little space to the middle aged female (unless she's a type of rosa klebb,) rollins gives us two accomplished and daring women - lesbians, no less.  sadly, they get a minimal amount of ink.  still, two stars for effort...a devotee of the sentence fragment school of suspense writing, rollins could use some serious editing.  free-floating phrases and clauses are to be expected, but what's left should, at minimum, follow the conventional rules of grammar and usage..."the air tasted old, moldering as much as the shop's paper stock.  it was like much of europe.  age and ancientness were a part of everyday life here."  p 50..moldering air? ancientness?.."pile as much clothing between you and the rock to limit heat loss from conduction."  p 106..as much as . . . possible?..other unedited gems include people walking after they have taken a seat, entering a room for the first time twice, and speaking after they have been said to exit...as for the plot itself, there is the obligatory scene of obsessive nazis fleeing europe with material precious to the once and future reich.  fast-forward to today.  by page 80, the reader has witnessed simultaneous death and casual destruction in copenhagen, in zululand, south africa, and at an isolated monastery in nepal.  when i say simultaneous, that is no exaggeration.  by means of a time-stamp at the top of each section, rollins asks us to accept that the trans-global cliff-hangers occur with perfect synchronicity.  ok, we've already suspended disbelief for yet another nazi conspiracy theory, so why balk at this?  if the cliffs were hung less frequently, i wouldn't object.  but this book can be described as a series of near-death encounters lightly salted with narrative and boring digressions.  while rollins seems to fancy himself something of a philosopher here - the attempt to include intelligent design into a mass of molecular biology is mind-numbingly pretentious - he doesn't trust his own story enough to rely on the tension generated by his ideas.  he has to keep loaded guns, monsters, explosives, fire, and all manner of imminent demise in the faces of his characters, who begin to resemble jacks-in-the-box as they pop up relatively unscathed ten pages later.  the idea of darwin's family bible holding genetic secrets is very intriguing.  but it goes up in smoke after failing to live up to its imaginative promise....if all you want is to hop from one certain-death moment to another, this is the book for you.  if you want a well-thought-out conspiracy theory, try michael crichton's state of fear or michael cordy's the miracle gene (aka the messiah code.
skip it, its just fluff.don't waste your time or money on this one as there are far better forensic books out there. this book was just a collection of short narratives reading more like a personal diary than any kind of scientific narrative laying out the facts of cases. i guess it lives up to its subtitle of "life as a forensic anthropologist" in that she usually presents only her part in each case with little presentation of the entire case. the forensic cases are not really the star of this book, the author is. i was frustrated with the lack of depth. instead, read "the body farm" by bill bass. excellent storytelling there! he gives you personal stories, but also provides all the fascinating forensic info to provide a complete picture for the cases he has investigated
no there there.i found this book quite tedious, since the author makes the fundamental mistake of thinking the subject of the book should be herself instead of her work.  there is almost no information on forensic anthropology; her descriptions of cases are very short and center mainly on how she felt about them, rather than what the actual details were.  from the cover and the blurbs i expected actual case histories; the book doesn't deliver.  the book as written would really only be interesting to people who know the author personally
this book was voted the worst book ever in my bookclub..i read this book with my bookclub.  it sounded witty and fun.  it was not.  it was very boring and a big let down.  most of the stories went like this:  we found a dead body, this is what we did, then we went home...my bookclub has been meeting many years.  this book was voted the worst book we have read as a group.  i would give it no stars if i could.  don't waste your money
too lighweight to be of any use to a bibliophile.this book would've been a quot;findquot; if i were in my early teens, but for any adult who considers themselves a bibliophile, this book is just too lightweight.  yes, it is about books and literature, but the coverage is extremely shallow.  i would consider this to be something like the reader's digest condensed books form of benet's reader's encyclopedia.  buy that work instead of you're looking for a good reference work on literature
mcdonald's - how to build a mcempire while making people mcfat.funny how people always vote a review to be "not helpful" when the reviewer expresses an opinion the voter doesn't like.....if you are a mickey d's binger who gets pissed off when people expose the fact that their food is utter garbage (or, if you are a mc-exec), you'll automatically hate my review or any others like mine.  but if you're here to really see what someone who hasn't been mc-brainwashed, hopefully this review will help you...this book tells an accurate tale of the solely profit-focused means by which mcdonald's has grown into the fast food empire it is today.  sure, it's a capitalistic wet dream.  but what this book doesn't cover is how mickey-d's exloits workers, vales corporate profits over franchise success, and feeds people mcgarbage that can't even be called food, all without being honest about its products or practices...i'm sure devoted mceaters and mccapitalists will trounce my 1-star rating  review, but that really just proves my point...read this book.  but if you care to know the whole story, be sure to also read something presenting another view - such as fast food nation
disappointing!.i wasn't too into this one. i'm a big fan of steinbeck's fiction, but this memoir is rather dull. i was looking to hear what he had to say about the zeitgeist of america at the time he wrote it. but as an older man (as he even admits) he isn't as inspired to talk to or rub shoulders with people whom he crosses paths. the ones that he does write  about come across as a bit uninspired. nothing much happens on his journey and it almost seems like he doesn't have too much to say...the one highlight was the last couple of chapters, when he goes to the south (new orleans) and witnesses all the slimy, seperatists as they scream and holler, with pure craven hatred at the first little black children to be integrated into public schools. he is disillusioned and angry and when he tells the tale of what he saw it is absolutely heartbreaking...as much as a mediocre work as it was, i did take an interest in it because i am a fan of steinbeck. it was cool to hear him write a memoir. other steinbeck fans make get something out of it as well and for them i recommend it, just on that basis. as long as you take into account the stuff i said above. if you haven't read steinbeck, please...start with "the grapes of wrath" or "tortilla flat." those are much better works and will give you something to go on if you try to read this
cheesy, corny, lame, hokey.what a terrible story, was unable to finish it, stuart woods was at one time a very good author, but when he started with holly and stone, he in effect quit writing, this is about a militant band of right wingers robbing banks and oh by the way just had to kill holly's intended just an hour before the wedding which didn't seem to break holly up all that much as she still has her best friend, her dog and her father which she has conversations with regarding three somes and their sex lives in general, signet books and stuart woods should both be ashamed of themselves for putting this on the market.
this orchid doesn't blossom.after an impressive debut in orchid beach, we meet holly barker on her wedding day....a day that is destined to become a fateful day instead of a happy one.   woods paints a picture of a heroine who seems more interesting in solving the bank robbery than mourning the loss of the man she supposedly wanted to spend the rest of her life with.  in a painfully dreadful narrative, woods presents us with another variation on the extremist group of fanatics who want to make the us better by getting rid of anyone who isn't white.  been done so many times before, that it's redundant in this tepid story.  woods doesn't offer us anything new and the pacing is so slow, it becomes sleep inducing.  woods also makes the mistake of having ham, holly's tough father, carry the weight of the book.  while ham's an okay guy, he comes across as a dirk pitt or superman in this one, and it just didn't work for me.  the ending is also pretty lame, and even the inclusion of stone barrington, makes little narrative sense.  a real disappointment; is the third any better??
my first patterson book--probably my last.i found this book collecting dust on a bookshelf at a friend's house.  i asked my friend if she'd read it and she said, "not yet, but it's a patterson, so it must be good..."  wrong-er words were never spoken...this is the first patterson novel i have read.  i am glad that i borrowed it from someone rather than bought it myself.  i suggest that if you insist on reading this, than you would be wise to do the same...let me just say that i don't enjoy giving bad reviews, but this is perhaps one of the most poorly written novels i have ever read.  i feel compelled to warn others so they can be spared the disappointment i experienced.  maybe because it was "co-written" by this gross person, but it just seems that this book was written too quickly, with the characters and the plot as a mere afterthought...i kept reading, hoping that the story would get better, but it siimply did not.  when one of the characters was in mortal danger, i found myself thinking "who cares?"..this boring read has an utterly predicitable love-story woven throughout, and again, it seems pointless and cheesy.  one reviewer put it best by saying that this book is more like an outline of a story rather than a comprehensive novel...the plot twists are predictable and uninteresting, and you sort of want to root for the bad guys because the main characters are soooo boring and flat.  the sentence structure is so elementary that i was surprised that this was written by an accomplished author and not a sixth grade english student...i am by no means a "book snob" but i cannot believe that someone would review this book with a 4 or 5 star rating.  it is just beyond me.  if you are looking at the writing alone, it is terrible, not to mention the unbelievable events that take place.  main character boxer is always in the right place at the right time and everything comes together so neatly that you just cannot believe any of the events could possibly take place...i know that a lot of die-hard patterson fans will probably give me bad ratings just because i didn't like this book, but i am trying to be as honest as possible...maybe some of his earlier works are better?  well, i guess they couldn't be a whole lot worse in any case
stick to romance, sparky..sparks must have had a momentary lapse of reason when he decided to take a stab at suspense by writing the guardian. this book is awful. the storyline is weak and predictable, the dialogue is excruciatingly lame, and the characters are poorly developed and lack depth and chemistry. there is virtually no romance, which is the reason to read sparks' books. i can't tell you how many times i rolled my eyes at the stupid things people said, the way the dog seems to be human, and the predictability of the plot. this book is so poorly written and so lame i have trouble believing sparks wrote it. if you want a good plot with romance mixed in, read message in a bottle or a walk to remember. if you want suspense, read mary higgins clark or agatha christie; they do a far better job with it than sparks does.
it could have been a winner, but alas not ....at the young age of 25 julie barenson loses her husband. shortly after he dies, a great dane puppy is delivered to her home with a note from her late husband. this part will give you the chills ... nice touch.  she names him singer, and despite her frustrations with his size and clumsy mannerisms they grow to love each other.   after a few years of trying to get her life back together after her tragic loss, julie begins dating 2 men--richard, a handsome charmer who wines  dines her, brings her lavish gifts and professes his undying love very early in the relationship. the other, mike, is a simple down to earth country type whose idea of a date is a burger, doritos  a couple beers at the local watering hole.  so who would you choose? ouch! i'll stop there with the comment that this could have been such a compelling story.  instead, we are faced with trite, boring, repetitive dialogue throughout, scatterings of viewpoint shifts and a very predictible plot.  i cannot believe this is the same author who wrote the notebook, one of my all time favorite novels. i'll have to admit the ending brought on a gush of tears.  in conclusion, singer not only saved his owner but the book as well.
if you want positive - find another book.kathy may have been doing dog training for 20+ years but she isn't staying current with what's happening in dog training. sure she implies that she is using positive training because she's using food, but she's also telling people how to correctly leash pop their dog. even with the food training she's using 'okay' as a release word which means that anytime that your dog hears this word in a conversation around it, it is ok for it to break from whatever behavior it was currently doing...if you want a new jersey dog trainer check out pamela dennison and her great books - the complete idiot's guide to positive dog training, how to right a dog gone wrong, bringing light to shadow: a dog trainer's diary. i would also highly recommend pat miller's positive perspectives: love your dog, train your dog, or the power of positive dog training.
save your money.this is a collection of often old studies that the author has collected (i learned about the harlow monkey experiments in college 30 yaers ago). his earth shattering conclusions include that we should strike a middle way between spirituality and materialism, and that often after people have bought something that they always wanted they are dissappointed. at the climax of the book he states that in order to be happy we need loving meaningful relationships and a job that provides us with satisfaction. what a shocka!!!!.how we establish such relationships and find such jobs is our problem..in short a collection of simplistic drivel. however i give it 2 stars instead of one because it flows along nicely
not for everyone.maybe i'm being shortshighted, but i feel as if the many concessions i already have to make with this disease are hard enough to incorporate into my daily life, without also including such intense dietary changes.  i work full-time, including travel and client entertainment making it very difficult to always control every morsel i consume.  also, don't share the author's background and early diagnosis symptoms.  mine are coming more slowly and i am entrusting my treatment and long-term care to my rheumy.  sort of wish i had spent the money on a good yoga or meditation tape instead
take with extreme caution.first the good points:..this book is quite well-written, and an excellent overview of many competing "therapies" for autistic children.  both myself and my sister have worked extensively with autistic children, and we have family members who suffer from both autism and asperger's syndrome.  but......this book is extremely biased--and sadly, not altogether true.  the lovaas method is praised as "recovering" children from autism, and though mrs. maurice repeatedly states that her children are "recovered," from the evidence she herself provides, it's fairly clear her children were not "autistic" to begin with.  it seems that while her daughter may have had some mild-to-moderate form of developmental disorder, she was obviously not autistic (and the idea that her daughter "recovered" in a matter of mere months is ludicrous).  even sillier is the story of her youngest son, who does not seem to have developed any indications of autism beyond being a late talker.  it seems as if mrs. maurice found doctors who told her what she wanted to hear, and then became obssesed with "recovering" her children.  clearly her daughter benefitted from the early intervention, but maurice's story lacks credibility.  for those who have children with true autism, mrs. maurice's story of a "miracle cure" will prove more devastating than encouraging.  (a particularly tragic story of a woman named "lucille" is appended to the book, who upended her family's life to enroll her autistic son in a lovaas-based program--partly on maurice's advice--and whose son has so far made little progress).  there are autistic children who do become very high-functioning, even mainstreamed, but deficits remain.  that maurice's children "recovered" so fully and rapidly is proof that they were never autistic to begin with.  at her interview with her child's behavioral therapist, she states decisively, "anne-marie is going to recover."  of course--since she'd already decided in her mind that her daughter was autistic, it was easy enough to then declare her "recovered" a few months later...maurice seems not to understand that autism is a "spectrum" disorder, and she accepts as faith that it is a completely neurological disorder.  much like depression, autism can have either biological or psychological causes, and the root cause is not always so clear.  at one point she notes "failed bonding is a result of autism, not the cause"--but again, this isn't always true...even more biased is her presentation of the various alternative therapies for autism.  she rejects all medication therapy; various nutritional approaches (such as those for food allergies and vitamin b) are briefly raised and then dismissed.  her extreme prejudice towards holding therapy belies her own statement that she believe it to have some "real" if "limited" worth.  she paints dr. martha welch as a dangerous flake, a gross libel.  dr. welch may well have been a bit new-agey for her tastes, but i have seen children benefit enormously from it...even more dishonestly, she viciously pans virginia axline's seminal "play therapy," which has stood the test of time and which, again, i have personally seen the benefits of.  it is true that behavioral therapy has an excellent track record in terms of helping children become higher-functioning, but no one therapy is a "magic bullet."  in my experience, children benefit from an integrated program which includes behavioral, speech, play, and nutritional therapy (and very often also medication, though the author does not explain her animosity toward it.)..lastly, though i am not indicting the author for being rich, she blithely ignores the fact that the average parents (not working on a wall street, not a nonworking wife who has a full-time nanny anyway, not living in a fancy manhattan prewar co-op, etc.) cannot afford to have this type of intensive treatment brought into their homes, and must instead become advocates for their children within the local school system.  maurice does supply some valuable information on the appeals process with schools  and hmos.  but if you are the parent of an autistic child, think again before reading this book.  it will likely hurt your feelings, and what good information it provides is readily available elsewhere.
let me hear your voice.this book is too biased and giving false hopes to desperate parents of children with asd.i have a big question to the author..where are her children now?.show the evidence they truely recovered
rambling and sporadic.i thought this book was all over the place, but maybe that was because i only read it before i went to bed. there were flashbacks and flash forwards and i thought the author was trying to be overly clever.  none of the characters were really that interesting to me.  it was sad that jean didn't really have any friends and to be so old and know practically no one.  wow!  i hope i don't end up like that when i am her age.  how could a married couple go on for 30 or 40 years and never tell each other such basic things.  what a miserable life!  i am glad this book was short or i would have put it down sooner...i am not sure if i would read any of her other books.  i do like the fact that it is set in north carolina, which takes me back home...i thought this was a boring book with little moral value for me.  it is probably because i couldn't relate to the characters because i just don't live my life in total isolation.  others might get more out of it that have life experiences that mirror these characters
not funny.i have read several of hiaasen's books and loved them.  they were very funny.  this one is not.  it is an endless description of naked strippers.  i found the main character, erin, to be very unappealing.  she is just so stupid.  her problems are all of her own creation.  and she is not funny.  i think you have to be a man to like this book.  i, as a woman, just found it exceedingly boring.  i kept waiting for it to get funny.  it never did
760 pages of torture.would you stand in line at an applebee's for three hours in order to eat a hamburger when you could get a hamburger just as good---maybe better---at a dozen other nearby places where the wait was only fifteen minutes?  of course not!  why, then, would you spend countless hours plowing through this 760 page monstrosity when you could spend the same amount of time reading two james patterson books, or a patterson and a connelly, or two thomas harris books...my apologies, greg iles, but for a simple, formulaic serial killer book, blood memory was just way too long.  the book has two co-plots; one involves a serial killer who murders older men, the second involves the mysterious childhood abuse suffered by the female lead.  the serial killer plot is actually the more interesting, but at least two-thirds of the novel dwells on the abuse instead and unfortunately the "secret" is painfully obvious to any seasoned reader from the first few pages of the book.  all in all this would have been a halfway decent novel if iles---or his editor---had chopped out about 300 pages of unneccesary text.  iles just loves to have two characters sit and talk for 3o, 40 or even 50 pages, but since most of his dialogue is what i call "soap opera" speak, meaning you know what the characters will say before the words are even out of their mouths, these chapters dragged on and on and on.  iles also wastes pages by writing lengthy descriptions of people eating ice cream, taking showers, and doing other mundane things that should have been glossed over or chopped out entirely.  come on, greg; why describe a character savoring the taste of vanilla ice cream as if it's some strange, exotic treat that no one's ever heard of before?  just as some people love to hear themselves talk, i think iles loves to see himself write...and although some of his books have been quite good, blood memory misses the mark by a long shot
freedom to choose among consumer goods.as time goes by, i have less and less respect for anything milton friedman has to say...we should all remember that enron is the desired republican result of friedman's "structured finance" - what others would call organized crime-style bust-outs and other scams. and we should all remember that the freedom to choose among consumer goods is not something the founders considered important enough to enshrine in the bill of rights...it is also important to note, as does barry schwartz, in his "the paradox of choice", that "constantly being asked to make choices, even about the simplest things, forces us to 'invest time, energy, and no small amount of self-doubt, and dread.' there comes a point, he contends, at which choice becomes debilitating rather than liberating. did i make the right choice? can i ever make the right choice?"  we normally assume in america that more options ("easy fit" or "relaxed fit"?) will make us happier, but schwartz shows the opposite is true, arguing that having all these choices actually goes so far as to erode our psychological well-being...many of friedman's "suggestions for reform" are gop platform line-items that serve the hidden agenda of gutting america's national security interests. this is especially true of his "school voucher" program that will deprive america the nation of millions of intelligent citizens of the republic who are qualified to vote based on an understanding of national issues that goes beyond the superficial jingoism doled out at "voucher schools", which are, in reality, nothing more than the segregation academies of the massive resisters...so, as globalization (i.e. transnational corporatism) subsumes democracy, it becomes clear that friedman is more of an apologist for profiteers and criminals than a major economic thinker
good, but weak for hillerman.i've read a lot of the books in the series, and hillerman is one of my favorite mystery writers, but i have to say this one fell way short of his other mysteries.  my main complaint is the presence of several plot gaps and inconsistencies not characteristic of the author--his well-crafted mysteries almost always hold water, but not this one.  i whole-heartedly recommend most of hillerman's other jim chee/joe leaphorn novels, but if you want a good entrance into his captivating style and skill, this is not the book to pick up.
inconsistent.i think i would have liked this book if i had read it when i was 14 or 15. sweet, dreamy, simplistic. but i am much older and i was struck by the inconsistencies: the young man with turberculosis who hikes around kissing people; the garden 'destroyed by the storm and swamped by the waves' that was completely restored and in full bloom a couple of months later - i lost track of how many black pines these people planted in that garden but it must have looked like a forest; the empty beach with an abandoned plastic shovel (in 1938??). then there was the secretive, silent, and very private gardener who suddenly talked and talked...i was disappointed in this book.
warning.do not buy this book unless you have a very high tolerance for new age gibberish.  there is factual information here, but it is buried in gushy self-absorption.  i bought it for psychotherapy patients who are going through menopause, but i'd be embarrassed to lend it out
not far enough.the wisdom of menopause provides an accurate description of what happens to a woman's body during and after ovarian failure (menopause). this book describes in detail the negative effects of menopause (ovarian failure) while still describing it as a natural and normal process to embrace. i don't believe we should be so willing to allow our ovaries to fail, instead we should look for ways to help them work better and for longer.
a dismal disappointment.i was shocked by the level of neediness and desire to blame others expressed by christiane northrup in this jumble of a book. at a time when i needed medical advice to decipher the overwhelming physical changes happening to my body; i turned to christian northrup as a wise healer who has had the privilege of medical training and a mature woman with the actual experience of menopause. a wonderful combination if northrup had chosen to focus on menopause. instead she is all over the map, taking swipes at everyone who has disappointed her in her life. if i wanted to hear my gal pals whine about the mothers, husbands, and daughters i could have shared a meal with any group of women struggling through the ups and downs of life. instead, i sought the help of a respected physician and got quite a shock, as she rehashes all the real and imagined slights of her life. if you are a middle aged woman who has "stuffed your feelings" all your life, and need help speaking up for your youself; this book may be a big help to you in finding your voice. but if you are a woman who has stood up for herself while you matured, this book will shock you with its pettiness. i am quite new age and believe in all the woo-woo stuff mentioned in this book; but when i turn to a physician for medical advice on a medical issue; that's what i expect. i can only hope that northrup will re-read this book as some point in her life and decide to take it out of publication. i was embarrassed for her and returned it. i just don't buy it in more ways then one.
lost credability, quickly!!.i admit, i haven't finished this book.  a friend recommended it to me as i have been having problems with insomnia.  i was interested in reading a book about women's health issues and this one sounded intriguing until she started in with her tarot cards, interest in astrology and angels.  granted, i am not a firm believer in just "the hard facts" but its really hard to believe anything this woman writes after it is clear that common sense isn't alternative enough for her!
some helpful information, but this book is not for everyone!.some of the medical information is very helpful.  my recommendation is that this is not a book for someone under 35, it is not a book for someone who has already had a hysterectomy, nor is it for someone who has young children at home.  her hormonal theory, that menopause is the time in life when we look beyond nurturing our families, and look to nurturing ourselves instead is slightly flawed.  many women have hysterectomies or other forms of induced menopause at a very early age.  do i think that my total hysterectomy at 34 (and the obvious onset of menopause) changed my ability or desire to nurture my children?  of course not.  that's ridiculous, and if i think about it too much, it's actually offensive...her comments about marriage are questionable, as well.  marriages sustain many changes, and menopause is just one of them.  open lines of communication, deep love and commitment are certainly enough to weather the "hormonal storm."  how sad that it seems as if one point of the book is that menopause is the time to assess your marriage.  shouldn't we be doing that every day, and re-committing ourselves to growing together?..many reviewers have commented on some of her more non-traditional methods.  i am not a fan of tarot cards, and i'm not sure how i feel about taking medical advice from someone who diagnosed herself on several occassions, by using them.  that's just my own opinion.  i tried to look beyond that...i just think this is another book written for people older than i am.  that's okay, but it still leaves me looking for something i can truly relate to
another one bites the dust.in his magnum opus, 1984, george orwell famously wrote,  "who controls the past, controls the future and who controls the present controls the past". this is a lesson that jared diamond has obviously learned well...in his latest book "collapse" jared diamond" continues to push the europhobic liberal agenda. hiding behind the facade of environmentalism diamond crafts a sub-text that calls for europeans to embrace the values of failed third-world cultures and abandon the pursuit of technological advancement that has created global european cultural hegemony. unfortunately for diamond, genuine scientific research is revealing much of his work to be based on nothing more than wishful thinking and an overactive imagination...diamond makes the assertion that easter island experienced a cultural collapse due to depletion of natural resources and overpopulation. this may conflate well with the tenets of liberalism but unfortunately for mr diamond, it does not conflate well with the factual findings of the latest archaeological investigations. radiocarbon dating of soil samples, by carl lipo and terry hunt, indicate that easter island was not inhabited until two to eight hundred years after the occupation time that diamond's theory would require. quite simply, the new evidence uncovered by lipo and hunt indicates that the period of human habitation of easter island was far too short for diamond's putative collapse to have been the result of overpopulation. to quote carl lipo,.."it fits our 21st century view of us as ecological monsters. there's no doubt that we do terrible things ecologically, but we're passing that on to the past, which may not have been actually the case, to stick our plight on to them is unfair"..it is difficult to over-emphasise just how badly compromised diamond is by this evidence. the easter island chapter is a major plank in his argument, the fact that diamond is rank ignorant of the latest archeological research reveals him to be an amateur polemicist rather than a scientific authority figure...those who may think that diamond's easter island fantasy is simply an abberation might want to introduce some hard science into their analysis of diamond's version of the history of greenland. the extinction of greenland's viking colony is used by diamond to enforce the ideology of modern liberalism. diamond claims that the vikings perished because a racist contempt for the inuit prevented them from assimilating ideas that would have prevented their slow starvation. a cultural superiority complex caused the viking colonists to cling to an unviable agricultural lifestyle and, in diamonds words, "the greenland colonists starved to death surrounded by oceans teeming with fish". this is an analysis that neatly dovetails with modern pro-immigrant, liberal cultural relativism and the dogma of multiculturalism. the major flaw in diamond's argument is that the latest historical research shows that by the time of the colony's extinction the greenland vikings had, in point of fact, switched from a diet that was 80% farm food to a diet that was 80% marine food.  in otherwords, the viking colonists proved to be perfectly capable of adapting to environmental change without having to learn lessons from stone age primitives. to present the vikings as beloning to a soley agrarian culture in the first place would be the cause for much derisive laughter among genuine historians. the vikings are well known (unless you are diamond) to have exploited a rich variety of marine life as a food resource...the alternative explanation for the vikings demise is that the mini-ice age that caused the vikings to switch diets also witnessed a mass immigration of alaskan inuit who competed with the vikings for food and finally massacred them in an unrecorded genocide. we know about the mini ice-age from the evidence of core samples and tree rings. we know about the innuit peregrinations through archeology and folk record. in the face of genuine science and history i'm afraid mr diamond is left up a certain creek without means of conveyance. historians tend not to write about evolutionary biology, perhaps evolutionary biologists might in future restrain their urge to embarrass themselves by writing about history?
not as good as she's capable of..i read another book by this author, friendship cake, which i really enjoyed and passed around to several friends. so i picked this one up thinking it would be worth a read. luckily, it only took me about an hour and a half to read it, since that's about as long as i'll remember it...i guess i never really cared about the characters too much. it's not a thick enough book that there's a lot of room for exploring and exposing the characters, which is too bad, because they could be interesting. and i know hinton's capable of it from her last book. i also read that the author thinks race relations is so important to this story ... i never got the whole emphasis on race relations thing. the story happens to characters who happen to be interracial friends/lovers, but i never get that it's important to the plot...not to mention that the "big secret" is telegraphed so blatantly it's hard not to know what it is almost immediately...in spite of its faults, i think it would be ok for a quick beach read or if you just don't care for much depth at the moment
what a disappointment after friendship cake..this book really fell flat.  lynne hinton's first book friendship cake what such a good read.  i was sincerely disappointed in her second work.  she had a good beginning, but after you read awhile the characters begin to become redundant, and a little dull.  there was some hope of a good plot, but something was definitly missing.  try again lynne, you have talent.  maybe try a sequel to friendship cake.  the characters that you developed in that book are really good
this book isn't for everyone.i bought this book this weekend as we're doing the pre-five in a row w/our preschooler and i don't much like it. i've got a mother w/borderline personality disorder and who doesn't observe personal boundaries of other's what-so-ever (if i need a break away, she hunts down my poor husband, all my relatives and friends- ugh) and so this book just kind of made my stomach turn as i could see her reading this to me and justifying her 'stalker mom' mentality...in the end, i think if a person is from a semi-normal household w/proper respect for a child's boundaries and need for space away from their parents, then this book is okay. i just find some moms are too smoothering- even ones w/o personality disorders- and this book doesn't send a message about love as much as 'i own you'. i like 'mama do you love me?' better for explaining to a child a parent's unconditional love...'good-night moon' by margaret wise brown, however, is by far my children's all time favorite book. i was reading that one to them ineutero and still every night before they go to bed. they love it and so do we as parents. but this one even creeped my hubby out and he's from a fairly 'normal' family..take it w/a grain of salt
not what the title suggests.dr laura gives some good advice but it is mixed with absolutely stupid advice such as when she says that a person should stay in an unhappy marriage because of their commitment..it is unfortunate that she chose to use this relationship book as her soapbox to promote her own religous beliefs. if you dont believe in god and as dr laura, you can never be happy is the moral of her story..laura makes a number of irresponsbile and misleading statements such as calling daycare, modern child abandonment..she talks about chastity until marriage several times and about 'shacking up' to use her term but never once does she explain why monogomy is important in a healthy relationship and she absolutely never mentions that a relationship has a natural progression part of which is physical. she moves the step of marriage up to be much sooner than it should be in a relationship while at the same time saying people should wait 'through the 4 seasons' or a year before being married..actually says 'it is dangerous to pursue a physical relationship without the promise of marriage'. is she saying men should promise marriage before they are ready?..she would have produced a much better book if she had given more examples of callers to her radio show or letters and given less malformed advice. her rants and raves are actually entertaining, too bad that along with examples were cut short with her religious promotions and poorly thought advice snippets...i listened to the whole thing(audio book cd) and i couldnt list the 10 stupid things implied in the title. i guess they are there and maybe under chapters 1-10 in the book. i could call out several stupid things but i didnt see 10 that stood out. lots of it was common sense and phsychologically off callers made it obvious...it is fun to listen to but make sure it is not the only book you use as a source. there are other better sources for relationship info.
more dr. laura diatribe.....self proclamation does not a doctor make.  dr laura's credential's are not within the field of psychotherapy-she who preaches so loudly from her pulpit about family ties and togetherness, has been estranged from her own family for years.  she who points the finger---has also had the finger pointed at her.  posing nude, living with a man without the benefit of marriage, having an affair, becoming pregnant without the benefit of marriage, have all been written about dr. laura schlessinger and made public.  noone willingly takes the advice of a hypocrite, unless of course, they hide behind a syndicated radio show and a willing agent
not enough data, argument is weak, coverage is not broad enough.i was skeptical when i saw the length of the book at just over 50 pages, and with good cause.  if you are going to present an argument for a depression in the works, you should at least present detail of all of the main issues and present sufficient data to back up your claims. merely using demographics as the main argument is not only insufficient, but irresponsible.  something as major as a depression is very complex and is only triggered from the right sequence of economic, financial and social consequences falling into place.  finally, this book is outdated and does not address the effects of free trade, the healthcare crisis, social security, underfunded pensions, and many other issues.  although its under $10, you would be better off spending more and getting a whole lot more rather than something that should be more appropriately submited as a high school essay.
no dow snap back.although i agree with mr. arnold's ultimate conclusion and found his demographic research useful, it should be apparent now that the increase in the djia, which the author asserted "must happen," has not materialized...where has all the money gone?  another new bubble has been created- this time in real estate...i suggest digging your financial foxhole now
don't waste your money.this "book", if you can call it that, is a waste of money.  it would better be described as a pamphlet with a cover on it.  instead, i would recommend harry s. dent jr.'s book, "the next great bubble boom."  both come to the same conclusion that 2009 is the beginning of a bad economic downturn, but the dent book provides much more rational detail as to what to do about it
two words - henry hazlitt.you can waste your time reading this book, sure. go ahead. or, you can pick up henry hazlitt's "the failure of the new economics: an analysis of the keynesian fallacies" and watch as an infinitely more talented writer debunks and destroys keynes and his faulty logic. not only does he translate the thoroughly unreadable keynes, he shows the reader multiple instances where keynes simply contradicts himself, yet keeps right on chuggin' (savings = investments; somehow in his general theory, keynes manages to both prove and disprove this). he explains in lucid terms that keynes "general theory" isn't "general" at all; in fact, it can only be applied correctly in static situations. in most cases it can't account at all for dynamics. don't waste your time on this piece of socialist garbage
worthless and disproven.keynes was no doubt an influential economist.  his theories and 'expertise' on economics influenced the post-new deal economic policies of the united states and the internationalist wealth redistribution schemes like imf.  however, his ideas on economics failed miserably and it was application of keynesian ideas that wrecked so much havoc on the u.s. particularly in the 1970s with the stagflation (an inflationary recession with unemployment which was theoretically impossible accordingly to keynesism.)  we have keynes to thank for budget deficits and the nebulous idea that we can spend ourselves into prosperity through the largesse of the federal government.  read planning for freedom or socialism by ludwig von mises instead
i read about 40 pages and couldn't take it anymore..flowery. verbose. rambling. compound sentence upon compound sentence. this book was unreadable for me. i quit
ben franklin is my hero, i have 12 biographies on him, this was the worst.ben franklin is my hero, i have 12 biographies on him, this was the worst. i first started collecting franklin biographies forty years ago, van doren, fay, issacson, brands, wood and a half a dozen others. at first glance, and after reading the rave reviews it looked like here was something new and different... a new take that concentrated on france. well it was new, and very different - it put me to sleep in my chair several times. i eventually gave up and shelved it with the others. what a shame. boring.
poorly written.i'm giving up on this book.  it reads like a first draft.  sentences like the following on page 71 abound: "when you hear not so often as you wish, remember, our silence means our safety," the committee of secret correspondence  - now doing business as the committee for foreign affairs, although franklin, who had never mastered the original name, was not to know for months - soothed the envoys, whom they understood to be starved for news..schiff needed a good editor but didn't get one.  this certainly isn't pulitzer grade material.  i wonder if the publisher rushed this book into print in time for the 300th anniversary of franklin's birth..van doren in his biography gives a better account of franklin's years in paris.
only for business managers?.contrary to popular opinion on this website, i found this book to be boring, repetitive and badly written. it was so boring i struggled to finish it during a journey where i had little else to do. this book summarizes a few events that were significant to intel and offers advice on how similar business changes should be handled. being an engineer, and not a manager, i found this to be vague and rambling. however i do agree with the book's title - only the paranoid survive. i think this outlook is useful for everyone, and not just business types
lengthy writing.i picked up this book after seeing some good reviews about it..the whole book is about "strategic reflection point"..i was disappointed that andy grove didn't try to explain srp in a more concrete manner. after finishing the book, i still have very vague  abstract knowledge on srp..nevertheless, andy grove is still one of the best ceos i admired
overrated for sure.this book could have been one chapter, but i guess that's hard to sell! i have no idea why this has such a high rating. it's repetitive, internally inconsistent, and so vague as to basically be a bunch of handwaving. if you want a hopelessly out-of-date book about a ceo patting himself on the back, go for it. bonus- tons of boring anecdotes! (gotta fill up the pages somehow!
overrated and overblown.andy grove helped to build intel into the behemoth it has become. on the other hand, he didn't sell ibm on the x86 which was the critical moment nor resolve all the manufacturing processes they had in different fabs (craig b's watch did that)...this is a relatively short book and could be a lot shorter.  inflection points... yeah, i get it. now, please move on andy...if you are a high-tech sales or marketing executive and read books like this and are awed by them, you are the probably not the sharpest tool in the drawer
a little caution needed.one of the most confusing things about logic and reason is that it all necessarily depends on what you mean by the words you use, which is to say... it all depends.   i note for example, in the introductory chaper, page 1, "overgeneralization", there are a couple major overgeneralizations.  that's why they needed to invent math and science, where nothing is real except precise definitions, and logic works wonderfully.  using reason with actual real things takes more than logic
disappointing.i'm a big fan of hooper's paranormal mysteries and was eagerly awaiting this latest in the series.  however, a fbi agent who is missing her psychic abilities throughout most of the book is not what i was expecting from a kay hooper book.  it was hard to get involved with the main characters when so little information was provided, and i found the satan cult slant boring.   i think the book would have benefited from bringing in one of the agents from her previous books.
not up to par....this book is unfortunately not up to par for kay hooper.  her normal suspense is missing and you would have to be psychic to know who the murderer is (there isn't a single clue at any point in time).  the heroine keeps loosing her memory, so you don't even have the usual good characterizations of hero  heroine (since she can't even remember much about herself, much less him).  if you like kay go ahead and read it, but i hope the next one is back up to her usual high standard
cotton candy dragons.this book has several problems which keep me from recommending it to anyone. it book presents most, if not all, dragons as wise and helpful to humans. it is we humans (especially christians) who make dragons into evil monsters. many of the "facts" about dragons presented are sugar-coated, if not outright wrong. i have to wonder how wise this is if you are planning to go summoning otherworldly entities in ritual. for example, fafnir is supposeldey the "ruler of dragons of the south", roughly analogous to the guardian of the watchtowers of the south. there is also a description of fafnir's mythology, which describes how fafnir is slain by the germanic hero sigurd. fafnir, while dying, warns sigurd that sigurd's treacherous "friend" regin is about to kill him. however, any other book of germanic or european mythology will tell you a more complete version of the story: fafnir and regin were human brothers, who killed their father for his hoard of treasure, among it the cursed ring andvarinaut. fafnir then took all of the treasure for himself, changing himself into a dragon to protect his twice stolen hoard. not exactly the sugar 'n' spice version of dragons presented in this book, and somthing to seriously consider before you invite him to be invoved with your rituals. come to think of it, many of the "dragons" presented here are not. many are simply large serpents or other mythical beings labelled as dragons. the illustration of "the goddess tiamat" clearly has a [...], and is called in mesopotamian mythology books an imdugud, or lion-eagle...if what you want to do is have draconic wicca, if you feel a deep and true connection to dragons and dragon imagery, this is fine, more power to you. as someone with friends who are dragon people, i get this. however, i would encourage you to read actual mythology concerning them; captured maidens, stolen hoards, patricide and all. look at the original myths and the cultures that knew of these beings, and don't take medieval accounts at literal face value. these are the same people who believed that bloodletting cured disease, after all. i'm sure your rituals will be much more powerful for it. i will say that this book would be useful for its tables and dragon-flavored wiccan imagery. just don't take it too seriously.
weak wicca with dragon imagery.take basic baby wicca. add dragon images. stir it all together like paint or a bad mocha. end of book...dungeons  dragons literally has a better draconic cosmology. any skilled practitioner of an established occult system could cast better spells with a dd book and their pre-existing discipline...avoid this book, unless you simply wish to add to your established collection of "all books that include dragons". the second star is because it does have some cute pictures, and details that could be added to a fantasy roleplaying game
good grief!.terrible, absolutely terrible! "dancing with dragons" is more like a dungeons  dragons manuel with magickal references to the king arthur move "excalibur".  all you need to do is add some cultural references, info on elements and various eclectic wicca rituals and voila you have a fluffy book with little substance and relation to occult studies or magical workings.  oh my goodness i think i will write a poofty wicca book! i think i could absolutely do it!... seriously though students and seekers and those experienced in magickal systems, paganisim, wicca or what ever my advice is: run away just run away...unless of course you desire a good chuckle....
good grief, another hack writer cashing in on wicca!.if i had the option to, i would permanently ban conway from ever writing another book. she gleefully displays her lack of knowledge on a plethora of topics, from basic wicca to ceremonial magick, to history and mythology, and the list goes on and on. if this book were shelved under fiction, it would be better, but it purports to knowledge that is obviously made up on the spot, with no historical references cited...in short, buy the book for a chuckle. serious practitioners of the craft and the art should look elsewhere for instruction
very poor (spoilers!).as others have indicated, this book features the reunion between the four young mages previously seen in the "circle of magic" and "the circle opens" books.  it deals with how the four friends have grown apart, and sandry's required trip to visit her cousin, the empress of namorn...unfortunately, i just didn't buy it.  the fights seemed contrived, their conflicts weren't very realistic and i just didn't enjoy reading the book.  as for the "danger plot," i have to say, i thought it was idiotic.  the sandry of the previous books would not have stinted her duty for any reason - her sense of justice was so strong, she would have stayed and fought the system, not fled it.  renouncing a heritage because of a single custom was ridiculous.  frankly, it felt as though ms. pierce just wanted to get sandry back to her great-uncle's court and came up with this plot contrivance to do so.  daja's character and romance were the only things that made this book even remotely bearable...i used to be an incredible fan of ms. pierce's books, but they have really been falling off lately.  i hope she spends a bit more time and thought constructing stronger plots in the future
very boring.this is a book about emotional intelligence which does not consider the reader's emotions. it's very insipid and lacks the depth. if you have already read the emotional intelligence by the same author, i wouldn't suggest this book
the insider's guide to making money in real estate: smart steps to building your wealth through property.this dolf de roos book is no different from his other books, owning one is the same as owning all. writes about same topics and ideas. good author, trying to sell more books by using different titles...if you don't own any of his books, worth the $20 or so for the book. however, if you do...don't waste your money/positive cash flow...happy investin
talks down to readers and uses unrealistic assumptions.i purchased both this title and "the insider's guide to real estate investing loopholes" (same authors)...i have two primary complaints.  the authors talk down to the reader, constantly making snarky comments that imply that if one doesn't act now, the reader is lazy, or paralyzed, or is somehow inept when it comes to business.  that's not just annoying -- it's weird, and it made me suspicious of the authors' motives...that brings me to my second complaint.  the book lacks balance.  i'm not saying that all of the strategies can't work -- just that it requires an ideal set of market conditions for them to work.  we need to see low or declining interest rates, quickly rising tenant incomes, improving neighborhoods, distressed or at least disinterested sellers, few other investors, low insurance costs, and a plethora of service providers (such as roofers) who do great work at a low price very quickly.  i can tell you that we don't have any of those factors at work now...what we do have, at least in areas like mine, where appreciation has outpaced incomes, is a market turned on its head.  sellers will not sell because they are sitting on huge profits for the most part, and don't have to sell.  or, they believe that prices will appreciate at the same ridiculous rate that they did from 2001-2005.  numerous dolf-inspired investors have flooded the market and bid prices up beyond all reason.  workers are in debt and don't have much money for rent.  neighborhoods where deals are affordable aren't improving, so the idea of refinancing because you painted and put up a new mailbox won't help you.  easy mortgage money has gotten anyone with a pulse into homes.  interest rates are rising, not falling.  insurance is costly and the coverage stinks.  and most importantly, rents do not provide positive cash flow for most small real estate investors.  i know several who actually consider themselves to be successful and the news is not good.  they are carrying their properties, their properties are not carrying them!  i know, it's hard to believe that this is success.  but in the past few years, appreciation has bailed them out.  put that kind of leverage into effect and you are leveraging a negative, which only means you go broke faster...a few observations:  first, if making untold riches were this simple and this obvious, then so many people would attempt to do so that it would suck the potential profit from such deals down until the actual profit is more equivalent to the amount of work involved.  (more about this in a moment -- because i believe that this is actually occuring in part due to all of the real estate evangelism going on.)..as they say on wall street:  "when enough people find the key to the market, someone changes the lock!"  i believe that most people reading this review are smart enough to know that markets are dynamic.  outrageous profits bring in a flood of new entrants, dramatically reducing the profit potential.  if a whole bunch of new wannabe real estate tycoons start lining up to bid on properties, then the prices for those properties will rise, as will the price for the money (the financing charges in the form of interest rates).  even without a lot of new entrants, if enough people start using the same financial techniques of leverage, cost-benefit analysis, or tax strategies, then the advantages to be gained will be reduced commensurately.  common sense and basic real-world economics dictate that costs will rise and potential profits will fall.  and so it is in the real estate world...economies of scale and technological advancements have changed many industries and wiped out others.  the ability for a small business person to get a competitive bid on anything is severely limited, whether you are talking about insurance, waste collection, land, communication services, landscaping, or anything else.  big players have the advantage in negotiations and will consistently be able to lower their costs below that a single investor.  they can offer their tenants more amenities and constantly remodel and update their units at a far lower cost than you or me.  i can't start a profitable shipbuilding company or tv network, nor can i jump into owning large buidings over which i can spread my costs enough to justify what is increasingly becoming break-even or negative cash flow from tenants...i am not saying that there will never again be opportunities for small real estate investors to use leverage and tax advantages to make decent money.  just that, with so many of your fellow investors looking to do the same thing, you are not going to find (deep breath here!): underpriced positive cash-flowing properties in undervalued neighborhoods with great potential on which you can quickly close at a dynamite interest rate that result in quickly-rented units with stable, high-earning tenants who are happy to stick around so you can quickly refinance at "massively increased property valuation" (dolf's expression) so you can pay yourself and your investors back, raise rents even higher and go on to the next property with similar ideal parameters, plunk 10% down and do the same thing...and no, i'm not an unmotivated individual who works harder than i have to, doesn't understand the value of money, or doesn't want financial freedom.  we all want that.  in dolf's world, there are numerous individuals who can't wait to to sell you $100 for $50.  my question is, if he knows how to get people to do that, why he is telling us about it?  i think we all know the answer to this question...don't get me wrong:  eventually, the property marketplace will right itself and investment properties will come up that offer opportunity to even small investors, even with the odds stacked against you.  however, it won't unlock some kind of magical door to riches.  it will simply be one of many investments that helps you build long-term wealth.  real estate is just another business that goes through cycles and isn't necessarily any more of a path to fabulous riches than owning a chain of gas stations or making molded plastic products...by the way, the most successful real estate investment firms in america have had a total return about 23% annually for the past five years through march 31, 2006.  that includes dividends and share price appreciation.  if that's the best they can do, (and i'm not saying it's bad...it's actually an amazing performance!), it's  because that's the best anyone can hope to do, including you and me.  remember, these firms use all the leverage they can muster and have tremendous economies of scale, and the smartest tax accountants and attorneys working on their behalf.  we are highly unlikely to see this performance repeated in real estate for the next five years or possibly, ever...footnote:  i recently studied single family homes in broward county and palm beach county, florida.  over the past thirty-five years, not including taxes of any kind, residential properties have enjoyed an average annual return of 9.25% per year.  short-run performance tends to regress towards the mean.  therefore, we are virtually assured that real estate will come nowhere close to its recent performance over the next several years, particularly in a higher-interest rate environment with lots of new supply.  buyer beware
just okay.i was a little disappointed in this book.  there isn't much new information that i didn't know already.  the information presented wasn't in-depth enough.  it's good for people who are getting introduced to real estate
possibly the worst book i've ever read.since i loved jurassic park and the andromeda strain (way back in high school) i happily picked up congo at the airport. what an enormous disappointment - the book has the feel of having been written in an hour and a half. nonsensical details are never explained (what's with the gray gorillas and the paddles? the gorillas were trained by the zing-ites, back in the day, to execute people with the paddles and they sort of got into it? this is never made clear), the dramatic arc is entirely hosed up, and the characters are ridiculously one-dimensional. this is one of these books where you get to the last 30 pages and you realize that you're sol - the plot is not going to come together, and you're not going to be satisfied. that, plus the obsessive detail about boring 1980 technology, left me entirely cold - this book hit the airport trash can the minute i debarked
disappointing.like "jurassic park", this book starts out promisingly but runs out of steam within just a few chapters..my reasons for such an accusation:.1. crichton overloads the reader with scientific facts. and while these can be quite interesting, they often obstruct the action and progress of the storyline (dan brown, for instance, is a writer who can properly balance compelling action with factual sensitivity). as a result, the book comes off as slow and stumbling..2. the plot isn't all that interesting to begin with. (vengeful gorillas? talking gorillas? misanthropic gorillas? come on.).3. the book's ending is utterly terrible..4. cricton's writing is weak, and the characters are inconsistent and unconvincing...sorry, michael, but this book just didn't do it for me
not really about changing the world.this book has a great title, but somewhat lackluster content. the book is really not so much about changing the world, and more about one organization in particular. in addition to focusing on an organization, i find that the stories of the people *in* the organization take up as much of the book as actual stories about people they've found who have made or are making a difference in the world.  it's not necessarily bad-there are plenty of inspiring people and stories to motivate you. it just takes the book a long time to get to them and seems to deviate often
i didn't like it.samantha seems a lot like becky.  a young woman whose life is very out of balance and doesn't know how to face up to the consequences of her decisions.  instead of staying at the firm and working out her "mistake," she runs away.  this is just like becky hiding her bills.  and then she gets a totally implausible job, because she can't tell the truth - again like becky.  samantha doesn't tell the truth until the very end when the media coverage forces her to...i agree that the firm would never have taken her back; they probably would have viewed her as a former lawyer who had a nervous breakdown and was in need of psychiatric care.  samatha, like becky at times, seems somewhat manic, in that she's frantic somtimes and makes major life decisions on impulse in a state of agitation.  just like becky when she rushes after her sister on a hike for which she is totally unprepared.  lithium, anyone?..i don't have an opinion on the housewife/lawyer "controversy," but i do think kinsella's protagonists need to grow up
needs a kick in the pants.i picked this off the new nonfiction shelf at the library to see what a writer might have to say about the stage of life i'm in too. as others have said atlas remains, i think, too wrapped up in the expectations of his privileged class--envying classmates who made more money, while living in manhattan, sending his kids to private schools and maintaining a home in vermont--methinks he doth kvetch too much...just because you have enough skill to make a living as a writer doesn't mean you have anything interesting to say. honesty alone is not enough if your story is not compelling. atlas does well with biographies but as autobiography, other than the chapter about his father, this is too self-pitying and more irritating to me at least, simply too mundane...he has an opportunity for adventure--he mentions going to tibet for example but derides it as trendy "jewddhism"--too "commonplace" to consider. commonplace?! how about staying home and crabbing about your life--that's commonplace. his age doesn't stop him from seeking excitement and engaging the world in new ways, but he'd rather stay on his familiar turf and ponder his limitations. and even a good writer can't make that choice a compelling read. like reviewer "ts" i was reminded of woody allen. both rarely stray from their manhattan comfort zone. which, fair enough as a personal choice, but any work produced as a result is unlikely to tell us much new. we all have these stories, many more interesting than his...take some risks james. learn to scuba dive. visit the taj mahal and angkor wat. ride a bicycle around mexico. move to new zealand. seek some passion. get outside yourself and your cocoon. rage a little bit. then write a book!
homage to dad.i gave this book 2 stars because the first 2 fifths of it were good.the rest stunk..as more eloquent reviewers have mentioned galbraith refers to himself and his accomplishments almost as much as he takes cheap shots at republican administrations. innuendo, nitpicking minutiae drip from the pages - his rant about the inappropriateness of some administration speech writer (without input from the state department - oh no!) referring to an "axis of evil" incorrectly because an axis must be a straight line is one example. the pages ooze with galbraith's liberalism and elitist arrogance as he hypocritically spotlights the arrogance of others..he writes continuously about himself. he acknowledges he feels the overthrow of saddam is justified and then complains about the way it was done. all the while acknowledging most people are better off in iraq today..he actually has the balls to say that the nuclear developments in n. korea and iran are somehow the fault of the invasion of iraq..in the acknowledgements it becomes clear that galbraith is writing homage to his dad who wrote a "little book" called "how to get out of vietnam." he even admits his lecture series was called "how to get out of iraq.".armchair generals and presidents abound in the printed page. unless you are looking to reconfirm your own administration-bashing prejudices, i recommend you save your money and check it out of the library; it will ease the pain of your wasted time.
written by a manger for managers.i was able to go cover to cover in about 5 minutes.  if you manage people that use their brains to do their work and you have no idea how to understand, manage and motivate them then this book might help you out a bit.  i found it to be off-topic for me as i was hoping that it was going to be written for the people who think for a living rather than their managers.
shallow, not actionable.if you manage in a high-intensity service industry and are looking for tips on how to evoke higher performance from your knowledge workers, keep searching for another book.  take 5 minutes and read the summary at the end of the chapters; you'll quickly see that there is little practical information or depth here
in search of excellence.based on the advertisement at amazon this was the book "in search of excellence.  it was not the book but an interview about the book.  i was very disapointed.  i still want the book on cd but feel it futal to try ordering it again on amazon as it is a nusance to order and return.  if you can help, i would love to purchase the actual book on cd.  thank you..steve kiewit.2543 770 623
save your money!!.the book itself is not bad, information is good, somewhat dated in parts, but good.  the problem is, nothing new is in the book.  all of the information can be found at one of several websites like quicken.com, or bankrate.com, etc.  most of the information is pretty common sense.  if you have to get the book or don't want to look on the internet for the information, then at least go to the library and check it out and save your money
smug, but empty.carter's attempt to trace the disingenuous way in which many americans have forsaken their moral compass in favor of political labels and bumper-sticker-grade philosophy is just about on target.  his prescribed fixes, however, are little more than just the sort of swell-sounding but essentially empty rhetoric which he is skewering..while carter promises a new approach to integrity in american life, all he seems to have on tap is a lot of quotations and circular logic.  "we can learn to do right by doing the right thing, or listening to the right people," he seems to say, without ever providing a really supportable definition of those terms.  instead, he depends on his own, completely subjective, ideas of right and wrong, which don't convince.  his appeals to group ethics are slightly more useful, but fall prey to the same critiques he is leveling at what he calls "media culture" and other left-wing "evils.".political hackwork.
doesn't live up to the hype.as a stand-alone story (not a "prequel"), this book is relatively fun - if you can ignore the countless glaring grammatical errors and typos. i can't believe this made it past editing!..as far as being a prequel to barrie's peter pan, this book misses the mark. there are too many blatant inconsistencies for this to be anything but a shallower "re-telling" of barrie's richly woven classic. these are not the characters we knew and loved; this is not the never land we dreamed about at night. pixie dust is now nothing more than "space dust" which causes strange and unpredictable genetic mutations on contact. need i say more
parents - please read this review.i really wanted to like this book. i bought it to read with my 9-year old because she and i are so interested in pirate stories. i am also a fan of dave barry and so thought this would be fun for both her and i...however, like many parents, i decided to read some of it alone to make sure that it was appropriate for her age and her sensibility. my husband and i are not prudish by any means. but we do feel a need to preserve childhood for our kids as much as possible and shelter them from that which they do not know or need to know at such young ages...and i am so glad that i read a few chapters before sharing this book with her as it is highly inappropriate...for example, there is a captain slank in this book that at one point is flirting with a governess named mrs. bumbrake. it is innocent enough at first. he meerly gets excited at seeing a flash of her naked ankle. but later peter (pan) hears the two engaged in the following:.."oh, mr. slank!" she was saying. "you are the devil!"."that i am, mrs. bumbrake!" boomed slank. "and you know what they say!"."what do they say, mr.slank?"."they say," roared slank, "the devil take the hindmost!".then peter heard mrs. bumbrake emit a very un-governess-like squeal, followed by what sounded like a slap, followed by some thumping, then more squealing, then more thumping, and then much laughing. from the sound of it, peter figured they wouldn't be breaking up the party any time soon...oh my! i don't think they were playing checkers! and i am certainly not going to put myself in a position of having to explain this to a 9-year old ...(which is the suggested audience age for this book, by the way)... nor do i think it is appropriate or necessary for a book like this. it is published by disney for crying out loud!..so, for parents who are pro-active in securing a nurturing, peaceful, unsexualized childhood for your kids, stay clear of this book. it was only on page 55 that i found this inappropriate scene. i imagine there are more
eh....this book is okay. it never really immerses you in the world--instead you just sort of skim along the top of it, half-caring about what happens next. everyone feels like a stock characters: the "bad guys" are bumbling idiots, and the good guys (even peter) are self-sacrificing and far-seeing. we barely even see the task force which calls itself the starcatchers, and the book really could have survived without them. tinkerbell doesn't show up till the last page or so (i spent most of the book wishing for the fairy to come breathe some complexity and life into the cast), and the croc never eats the clock...as an avid dave barry fan, i could literally pick out which lines had been written by him. not to say that the book was funny (because, unfortunately, it was not)--his style just flashes off the page in neon colors...a few innuendoes will raise eyebrows--they really shouldn't have been in a book so geared toward children...there are better books out there. buy them instead
disappointed.my first nora roberts' book....with only be persistent did i complete the book....found it to be very slow paced with an unrealistic storyline...shallow characterizatio
what happened?.this is one of the only books by nora roberts i can actually say i didnt like. it was so dissapointing i got mad everytime i looked at it. this books is about oliva and noah... the end. that is practically what it is. it started off when they were both younger, them meeting when they were older and them meeting yet again when they are mature. i guessed the story right from the beginning, and i hardly could ever do that before in any of nora robert's books. i hate to say it, but i dont reccomend this book. it was really waste of time. what happened to the quality work of ms. roberts
not a good book..this book will do very little to help you understand the brussels griffon. there are only a few pages about griffs. the rest is about any kind of dog, and griffs are not like other dogs. they have many unusual traits. save your money and buy a book that is really about griffs. the only one i know of is doone raynham's
the larger truth.people of all groups, ethnicities, religions, and races commit cons, steal, and such.  to paint a whole ethnic group, gypsies (romani folk) with the same broad brush as the few among them who commit crimes is no more valid than to call all whites "oven tenders" because of the holocaust or call all corporate officers "embezzlers" because of enron or to call all men as rapists because a few have done so.  these sorry characterizations merely illustrate how twisted the slanderer's own views are...while the grain of truth is that some people of all groups might con other people, the larger truth is that all groups have their share of criminals and no group has a monopoly on virtue...marlock clearly has written a book that is quite racist and wrong in spite of the grain of truth that some few people are indeed criminals...marlock tries to cover his tail by saying that he does not mean "all" romani folk but then he goes on to make it quite clear that means "virtually all" but can't say so, without legal liability issues.  it's pure cya and then he goes on and on with his racist slanders...yes, cons do exist and this book describes many of them.  no, they are not "gypsy crimes" but just crimes and are committed by people of all ethnicities.  too bad he doesn't just stick to describing the crimes and never mind discussing his racial hatreds...marlock's agenda is clear.  if he only wanted to protect innocents from crimes, he would not focus on a single very-small group of people.  the number of romani people in this world is miniscule compared to the number of criminals in the world so his focus on gypsies illustrates his true agenda here is merely to demonize a tiny, relatively-defenseless group of people.  the furer's reichspropagandaleiter minister dr. goebbels would be proud of marlock as one of their own, i am sure.
gypsies, again....well, if you can't blame anyone else, blame the gypsies.  dennis marlock is doing very well probably, using gypsies as his career enhancer. however, replace gypsies with jews, hispanics, blacks, asians, and you would have a  libel lawsuit on your hands. dennis, keep talking about gypsies, and you  true racism continues to show through
too popular to bother trying anymore..j.k. rowling successfully put me off this book series within the first two chapters of this book.  the characters personalities were wavering in book 5, in this they completely vanished or mutated.  i'll only be getting the 7th one because it's the last one and i've read this far so i might as well go the whole way...in books one through four the trio of harry, ron, and hermione were loveable characters tenaciously and cleverly seeking out the answers to the mysteries that came up each year and saving the day.  book 5 had them doing more angsting and screaming than mystery solving, and more whining than day saving. book 6 made them stand in paper doll doing a bad job miming the motions the real characters would have done...this book harry seemed to care more about romance.  a very poorly done romance littered with cheezy phrases and romantic moments on par with the worst of bad fanfiction; which had no background or build up from previous books.  a female character from the background, whom harry barely even notices all through the past five books, is suddenly the most perfect and beautiful girl in the school in mary-sue fashion.  several other characters in both the foreground and background were also unfortunately treated to rowlings amature attempts at romance, none of which bore any revelance to plot or story...harry also had a significant decline in morality and intelligence.  the clever boy who put clues together with his friends now cheats in one of his classes and makes one stupid mistake after another.  the image of harry that stuck with me and seemed to glare off the pages every time he spoke or did anything was of him lying, frozen in a curled position on the floor of the train with blood coming out of his broken nose, under his invisibility cloak and rolling around with the trains motion after a particularly stupid episode with malfoy...as to the general plot of the book.  poorly done.  continually backstaged by sickeningly done romance and angst it barely made an impression on me.  most of the 'revealations' in the book revealed nothing not already known or obvious from old information, and the culmination of what harry was not-quite-solving didn't amount to anything...my final opinion: don't bother to read past book 4 if you're just starting the series and care anything at all about characterization.  a very disappointing book
waste of money.i learned a lot of new things by reading this book! for example, in.chapter 22 mr. greene writes that "afghanistan was rich in natural gas and other minerals and had ports on the indian ocean." perhaps the 34th strategy of war should be studying the map before writing books on strategy and tactics.
sluggish, uneventful, corny and borrrrring.i usually read stephen king for his interesting ideas and imagery and expect his books to read fast and well. i've read three previous king books that have had the occasional long passages with overstated depictions of horror, doom, and grotesquery in order to immerse his readers into the tone of his story.  this one takes the cake because what is meant to read as terror and horror is really ridiculous and unimaginative. and this is exactly what "insomnia" is. this isn't a spoiler, just the author's note: at the end of the book we read sep. 10, 1990- nov 10, 1993- three years in which king took to write this book.  three years which were evidently wasted...the other king books i've read were engrossing for their characterizations and character identification.  "insomnia's" ralph roberts is certainly a character the reader could identify with.  he is strong, kind, has traditional gentlemanly views on aiding women in distress and regards them as beautiful and respectable. his counterpart lois chasse doesn't come across as identifiable. instead she serves as a  secondary character who has no real flair or identity other than being in love with ralph. king doesn't usually do that with his secondary characters.  other characters with much smaller roles in this book come across as real and identifiable, like ed and helen deepenau, the three bald doctors, and ralph's numerous confidantes...then there's the whole abortion mess. this central political issue crumbles midway thru and seems to serve no purpose at all in the story. though king does provide an interesting and seemingly objective commentary on the issue via detective leydecker (albeit with a tranparently pro-choice slant), it serves no relevance to the theme of the story but just hangs there on display used for no more than a story device...i gave the book two stars because i am an inspiring writer and reading this provided me with some of the devices that are important to utilize as part of a writer's arsenal. the devices were obvious and all thru the reading i asked myself, 'how is king going to get through this?' his weapon of choice was most often ralph robert's narration (via third person) that analyzed the events of the story and interpreted its meaning and significance. it seemed whenever king was in trouble in the story, he would use ralph as his solution and let him think it out and guide it for him. this is a useful tool for a beginning writer, but king used it as a crutch to tell a story that had no pulse from the beginning...one last thing, the villians just don't work. they are not frightening, they are not demonic, they are not vicious or malign. three little bald doctors with scalpels and scissors? their defining characteristics are being small and bald- does that really frighten anyone? the real villian among them dances around and jump ropes to reveal his evil madness. then there's the crimson king, the evil supernatural mastermind we read about from page 100 who finally enters the story on page 550 as a catfish in one of the most terrible, anti-climactic scenes ever rendered.  i rest my case.
stephen king was my teen years.i'd read most of king's stuff during the uh decade of  my ute.  salem's  lot and pet cemetery being  the hook on the line and     the stand, shining, christine  and   it reeling me in...i thought he'd never come out with a book  that i didn't want to read cept anything of or related to his wife's stuff and the gunslinger series...then one day i started to read insomnia and i couldn't make it to the halfway point, the antichristian proabortion garbage was too thick for me to ignore and i found myself throwing insomnia away, i did that with cider house rules by john irving too...even needful things with it's anti evangelical stuff could be ignored cause there is some truth to the anti catholism and hypocrisy  but insomnia was just plain mean spirited.
tedious.this is a tedious, by the numbers biography that reads like an appointment diary. the authors have done their research, but a biography should be more than a who dined where on such and such a date. most of this was gained from kay's journals. little insight is given to who kay francis was as a person, which is crucial to a biography. the book concentrates and inordinate amount of time on kay's love life and the list of her lovers gets quite tedious after awhile. the book is less than 200 pages long and is a paperback. the pictures are nice, but one expects more from a book for this price. most of her films are judged by film reviewer quotes giving the impression the authors couldnt be bothered to view the films themselves. this is definitely the lesser of the 2 recent kay francis biographies. i dont really understand the rave reviews for this book, as it is one of the most disappointing hollywood biographies i've read in quite awhile. [...
very little appeal.this book was a gift and that is the only reason i am not returning it.  the story is bizarre, which in and of itself is not bad but this is...bad.  luckily my daughter found it as painful as i did to read.  zero appeal on any level.  if you want great bizarre try "heedly pecked me in the eye"!
disappointing.i can't believe that other reviewers gave this book 5 stars. i was completely disappointed. the book included very little useful information  to help kids make good nutritional choices- "fruits and veggies are awesome" was about the extent of it. the text is uninteresting and cumbersome to read aloud, and the illustrations are not appealing. i am returning this book
buyer beware.this book is so outdated. all the techniques listed in this book are from the 1980's and earlier, which means that most of the things you can learn from this book are already learned by you from the past. there are much more recent interesting researches and discoveries of human nature you can find in other books
mediocre.i agree, the book has many, many good insights and most of it makes sense. you can theoretically use his techniques, but sometimes they are just unrealistic in real-life situations. also the book is so short and his chapters so small that it leaves you hungry for more depth, more explanation and more examples on how to use his tips. sometimes the situations he describes are just too limited. i would not buy this again...it's just not detailed enough and provides too few examples on how to use this in real life--not every situation is about a cheating boyfriend or a dishonest employee. it seriously lacks depth but it's a decent read...but you will forget everything you read in 2 days...i'm sure there are lengthier and more in depth books that deal with the same topic which are more worth your money, time and effort.
let me save you some time.if you're thinking of reading this book, let me save you some time--don't.  i like a good literary read as much as the next guy (really), and make it a point to read all the pulitzer winners, but this book, in perfectly plain english, sucked.  there is no plot, no beginning, middle or end, and is so tedious and boring that i actually started reading it from the back forward.  it didn't help, but it didn't make a wit of difference either.  do your self a favor and skip it
it takes an egotist to know one.podhoretz, the man who recently said what's the big deal about a few thousand dead g.i.'s in iraq considering what's at stake (without having a clue that nothing is at stake), norman disparages the artist/intellectual/egotists of the 60's/70's that don't fall in line with his ideology while today he lauds the conservative egomaniacs that have brought our country to its low level of intellectualism and turned a nation founded by intellectual deists into a disneyworld of mcreligion.  but it's all fine so long as we make the world safe for democracy.  norman seems to think there is something hypocritical about professing social justice and being a small time celebrity, when in fact, as freud said, the partial motivation of any "artist" is fame and the love of women (speaking i assume of male artists). einstein enjoyed the limelight; everyone enjoys the limelight and everyone has his or her weaknesses.  have you ever read einstein's poetry?  yuk!  so to disparage the ones you don't happen to like is a bit disingenuous.  the true irony is that only an attention-seeking egotist would write a book about such trivial nonsense.  but this is all in keeping with a man who explains what writers should be writing if they only knew better, ex., he applauded james baldwin's early career because he was on his way to being another henry james; he condemns him when baldwin's attention turned to racism in america.  imagine that: a black writer distraught over racism in america.  the very idea! i think norm's whole problem can be traced back to his youth, which he relates in his autobiography "making it," talking about taking the subway from culturally challenged brooklyn to manhattan, growing up as a nice jewish boy, the son of modest working class parents, attending college, and rising among the ranks of the intellectual new york crowd. nowadays, norm is comparing the invasion of iraq to the invasion of normandy, and explains that iraq will become democratic by using as an analogy post-ww ii  germany's quick transition to a modern democracy (of course, with the help of 2 1/2 million allied troops occupying it).  how did this guy ever have friends to begin with??
when all is said and done.podhoretz is just a thug!  he justifies the comment of a viennese anti-semite one hundred years ago, hermann bialohlawek:  scholarship is what one jews steals from another
feminists contemplate marriage.as an avid reader, a feminist, and newly engaged to be married, i was thrilled to see that the third wave feminist grrls from quot;bustquot; magazine had edited a book on marriage.   to add to my excitement it was published by the very cool seal press, and had a forward by my hero bell hooks.   it was severely disappointing!  based on my previous experience, i expected honest, daring, endearing funny stories from a variety of self actualized women. instead i got boring stories about:  how un-feminist marriage is, what last name the baby gets, and is lesbian marriage quot;realquot; marriage.   clearly the editors didn't do a very good job seeking out qualified submissions - something with attitude, something where theory meets praxis.  to top it off even the forward from bell hooks was bland.  she discusses her legacy with feminism and leaves out discussing marriage!  a (good) book about feminism and marriage is despretly needed.  it's such a difficult area for all of us partnered thinking humans.  quot;sex and the cityquot; is doing great.  why can't we have a book version.  and i don't think quot;the rulesquot; counts
dawkins finds belief in eternal life potentially deadly."i decry supernaturalism in all its forms," writes richard dawkins in the god delusion. "i am attacking god, all gods, anything and everything supernatural, wherever and whenever they have been or will be invented" (p. 36)...on closer inspection it becomes clear that insanely dawkins is attacking life in all its forms, including his own life, and believes that life is an invention. dawkins is too deluded or irrational to comprehend that god is everlasting life, and that we are the reproductions of that everlasting common ancestor. see psalm 82: "i said, `you are gods; you are all sons of the most high.'"..so if we are gods - i.e., the sons of the cosmic system's creator -, then richard dawkins is one of the gods. because he's attacking "all gods," most irrationally he's attacking himself as well...the main point i want to make is that the most high's identity doesn't remain unidentified in the bible. in john 10:30 christ identifies himself with the existing highest form of life, i.e. with the parent seed of the universe: "i and the father are one." on top of that in revelation 22:13 christ discloses: "i am the alpha and the omega, the first and the last, the beginning and the end."..christ is "the alpha and the omega, the first and the last, the beginning and the end," because he constitutes the cosmic system's input and output, or everlasting genotype of the phenotype universe...thus in essence christ is teaching that he is the embodiment of the existing highest form of life, and he created the universe for the production of human beings in his own image, similarly as a seed creates a mighty tree for the production of seeds in its own image...when dawkins asks, "but how does life get started?", he's asking a stupid question that has only an equally stupid answer, which he doesn't fail to provide: "... we can make the point that, however improbable the origin of life might be, we know it happened on earth because we are here (p. 137). it is beyond his comprehension that what is everlasting needs no origin, and because life is everlasting, it needs no origin...pitifully this oxford biology professor seems to be ignorant of the principle of biogenesis. in the publication of his own university - i.e. in the oxford dictionary of biology (4th ed., oxford university press, 2000) - we find: "biogenesis the principle that a living organism can only arise from other living organisms similar to itself (i.e. that like gives rise to like) and can never originate from nonliving material."..read also what the science and technology encyclopedia (university of chicago press, 1999) says about the subject of biogenesis: "biological principle maintaining that all living organisms derive from parent(s) generally similar to themselves. this long-held principle was originally established in opposition to the idea of spontaneous generation of life. on the whole, it still holds good, despite variations in individuals caused by mutations, hybridization, and other genetic effects."..let me add that no biological generalization is more strongly supported by thoroughly tested evidences than the principle of biogenesis. and because the scientific evidence is clear beyond any reasonable doubt that life can never originate from nonlife, only from life similar to itself, it is an entirely reasonable and consequently scientific conclusion that there was never a time when life did not exist, and human life could come only from human life similar to itself. from this it also follows that the myth of life's origin from nonlife, moreover the myth of man's descent from lower forms of life, should finally be abandoned, at least in scientific circles...ironically many evolutionists, and even theologians, are in the habit of assuring us that the accounts of creation in the bible are not fact-based, but faith-based. however it is beyond any doubt that this is a misconception. even philip, christ's disciple, demanded tangible evidence for the creator's existence. christ, without hesitation, presented the father's body for philip's examination. in john 14:8-9 we find this exchange of words: philip said to jesus, "lord, show us the father, and we shall be satisfied." jesus said to him, "have i been with you so long, and yet you do not know me, philip? he who has seen me has seen the father; how can you say, `show us the father'?"..paul in his letter to the colossians also assures us that christ is the creator of the universe, and not something what is intangible or empirically not verifiable: "by him all things were created: things in heaven and on earth, visible and invisible ...; all things were created by him and for him. he is before all things, and in him all things hold together."..logically christ, being the generative seed of the universe, is everlasting. the universe has no power whatsoever to act upon the initial cause of its own origin, just as a tree has no power to act upon its own parent seed...at this point the argument may be raised that man is not the cosmic system's input and output, or pinnacle of all life forms in the universe. indeed, whether it is true or not, we can't be absolutely certain. precisely for this reason the theory of creation is tentative, just as scientific theories are supposed to be...in any case just because we are not absolutely certain that man constitutes the existing highest form of life does not mean that the theory of creation is not fact-based, but faith-based. man's existence is an undeniable fact. what is faith-based is the speculation that a life form superior to human life exists, which superhuman being is reproductively isolated from human life. but if either evolutionists or fundamentalists keep insisting - in the total absence of evidence - that human life is not the pinnacle of life forms in the universe, in that case they are the ones who believe in the existence of superhuman beings..as a matter of fact christ never told us that anything superior to his own being exists. he only affirmed his own existence and his identity with the father, but never the existence of a being beyond and above himself. being the creator of the universe, he is most qualified to know that no being superior to himself ever existed...in the final analysis this is my recommendation: buy the god delusion by richard dawkins, provided you need expensive and substandard toilet paper.
not another great read.i read the works of folks like vince flynn, lee child, and, i thought, nelson demille, for the escape--the action--intrigue. someting to make the plane flight go faster.  i don't read for thinly-veiled, current-events, quasi-political commentary.  (there are recognized exports available for that sort of thing.  for example, a tour-of-duty in vietnam gives neither me, nor nelson, "expert" status on the conduct of warfare.)..demille, as he matures as a person and a writer, has taken to slipping his "agenda" into his storytelling.  consequently, the "story telling" aspect of his craft has, in my opinion, atrophied...he, of course, has that right. but i, for one, am done reading his books. there's always the news if i want current events commentary. and better suspense writers if i desire an entertaining escape.
a waste of time and a real disappointment.when i realized early on the time i would waste on this assemblage of leftover quips packaged around a absurd concept, i resolved that i would alert other readers...generally i enjoy this author's works and anticipated this latest tome. i was surprised and dissappointed to find a lengthy novel which did nothing to disguise it's clues or probable developments. everything was telegraphed and nothing was original. the conclusion was so lame that i was shocked that there was no effort to build suspense or intrigue...my advice is to skip this one and wait for the reviews on his next
so very disappointing!.this book has about 3 interesting chapters; the rest is all dialog between a man and wife.  all this chit chat does nothing to further the plot, but simply takes up time and space.  there is no suspense until the 49th chapter.  take my word for it; this book is not worth the $$, or time to read.  what a waste of talent.
entertaining, but badly out-of-date.a daring young atomic scientist teams up with three high school seniors to attempt the first-ever rocket trip to the moon -- that's the premise of heinlein's rocket ship galileo.  readers who aren't immediately turned off by the story's wild improbabilities and dated subject matter may find this book an entertaining adventure.  to begin with, heinlein's story is well paced and solidly constructed for once, a pleasant change from the episodic hodgepodges he created in his later years.  he skillfully introduces elements of conflict at an early stage of the story, (as sinister forces seem to be trying to prevent the voyage from taking place) and he even manages to build some suspense, an effect heinlein is not usually noted for.  his descriptions of the mechanics of the moon rocket and its voyage are both convincing and interesting, despite being badly dated.  one real letdown is the characters, who are curiously undeveloped, even for science fiction.  the three boys themselves are virtually interchangeable, and doctor cargraves isn't much more distinctive.  if some attempt had been made to give these young men their own individual personalities, the readers might find them easier to identify with.  as it is, it's hard to really care about these characters, even when something horrible happens to them.  the really big problem, though, is that this book really hasn't aged very well. for example, heinlein tries to show us how a moon rocket was outfitted and launched privately, by one scientist and his youthful helpers, working on a shoestring budget, after a few months of labor; when after all, any schoolchild knows that it took nasa and the u.s. government billions of dollars, working with hundreds of the finest minds on the planet for nearly a decade, to accomplish the real thing.  once our heroes reach the moon, the story gets even more improbable, as they find that the moon is already inhabited.  naturally, heinlein wrote this novel for younger readers, and it was published at a time when space travel seemed utterly impossible.  as such, it was written for the tastes of the times, and times have changed dramatically.  for instance, the only women in this book are the boys' mothers, who have very little to say about anything important.  the villains are cartoonish stereotypes, who are summarily dispatched without any show of remorse.  although the book is reasonably well-written overall, and older readers may take some nostalgic pleasure in its simplicity and naivet, today's young readers may want something more wildly speculative than a moon landing.  on average, if you're old enough to remember sputnik, you can be forgiven for loving this book; but if neil armstrong is just another boring guy you heard about in school, you probably won't be too impressed by rocket ship galileo
scaremongering and inaccurate.this book is appalling. it is disempowering to women, providing false and very negative information about out of hospital births (with no reference to back it up), and generally gives a "don't worry your pretty little head and do what the doctor tells you" attitude--even if what the doctor tells you will endanger you and your baby...in spite of what this book says, there are things you can do to minimize tearing (and episiotomies don't heal better than tears, in spite of what the book says), things you can do to improve your chances of a healthy baby without a cesarean or other medical interventions, and so on. of course there are times these things are needed, but not nearly so often as the book suggests, and it's not nearly so random. it continually cites opinions as facts, without any evidence base...there are much, much better books out there than this one. don't subject yourself to the needless anxiety of this book
didn't really like it.i know that no book can cover every topic, but this book left a lot out. it went into great detail about what i should do if i got some pretty rare diseases, but barely touched on the subject of morning sickness, which is much more common..and some of the information was just plain wrong. i trashed the book when it made me freak out in the 20th week because i couldn't feel the baby move. it advised that i should call the doctor. when i did, i found out most women don't feel it move until 21 weeks. unfortunately i found this out after i had cried my eyes out thinking something was wrong..i would not suggest this book to anyone
not my favorite from koontz...i love koontz but this book fell far from the mark.  it started off slow and i found myself thinking, "where is this going?"  and, in the end, i felt it took me nowhere.  and, the t.s. elliott quotes got a little annoying.  if you're a fan like me, i know you'll read it despite this review but if you're a first-time koontz reader, don't start with this book.  it is definitely not his best work - try odd thomas or even (going way back here) the funhouse instead
stop with the adjectives dean!!!.i have been a fan of dean koontz for many years, but i stopped reading his new novels about 6 years ago, because after awhile, it seemed as if all of his characters were the same. i recently read the back cover of this book, and it sounded so interesting, so i gave it a chance. boy, was i sorry. it is as if dean koontz regressed to a first year creative writing student! his sentences are awkward, mostly out of an insane desire to use as many adjectives and adverbs as he can - it is as if he wrote the book with a thesaurus by his side. this was way too distracting, and it really diminished what otherwise could have been an entertaining tale..please dean, take an opportunity to read some 'how-to' books on writing
don't snatch it up.the foundation of success in a horror story is a strong, original beginning.  the author must grab your attention and earn your suspension of disbelief.  dean koontz failed to make this upfront investment in the taking.  the story caroms off of a long series of hackneyed horror elements - stormy night, body snatchers, magic mirrors, ghouls, and (koontz's favorite) delphic dogs - before settling down with a very modest storyline about a non-denominational rapture...koontz can usually be counted on to deliver some pleasant thrills or humor if not the chills of real horror.  but the taking provides no such return
about as subtle as a hand grenade.i'm not a hard core dean koontz fan but i have read a few of his novels and enjoyed most of them (at least enough to pick up another from time to time)..until now...i've always found koontz to be heavy handed as an author and 'the taking' is about as subtle as a hand grenade. we get it - people are selfish and have lost sight of what is important in life. they should pay more attention to their children and love their dogs...the preachy tone to the novel reaches a crescendo with a corny 'noah's arc' ending. this the worst novel i've read in a long time - and may be the last dean koontz novel i'll ever read.
a disappointment..i'm a fan of koontz but this book was a disappointment. first of all it seems that not much happens. molly, the main character, goes around worrying about what will happen next and the writer spends way too much time philosophing. it's too cutesy with children and dogs (koontz, please, the super intelligent dog concept is getting tired). for most of the book it would be a 3 star book, but the ending is too cheesy and religious. what will he write next? a "left behind" book
dissappointing.aikman wrote a fair history of of christianity in china, however he misrepresents what is going on in china today.  by far the biggest problem in the chinese church is poor teaching and abusive practices.  this exists almost exclusively in the underground churches...aikman wrote a book that caters to the palates of american christian evangelicals who want to hear exactly what aikman is telling them.  young "missionaries" who have yet to understand the difference between culture and faith or have even critical thinking will use this book to find inspiration and funding...as a mandarin speaking christian who has spent considerable time in china i was hoping to like this book. if i was not, i would proabably think it was very good
re: if there was a -1 i'd give it here.i usually try not to be too mean to a new author (as i am one, myself)...the plot was predictable, boring and simplistic.  that was not the worst part...now to the characters..kattan durhys: my god, he was weak-willed, utterly devoid of passion, he was whining on every page and annoying to no end.  i did not find him endearing at all, and skipped every line he spoke.  who is kattan? "weakling in tights"..melisande-- .....another simple-minded..... she's even worse than kattan.  i can't imagine someone more obnoxious and totally empty of compassion and intellect than this character...wolfram-the only character worth rooting for, other than the dogs.  he was well-rounded, sharp, and actually knew what the heck was going on...the pros: the songs were nice, i wish there were more.  after all, it was supposed to be about a bard hero.  where were the songs? what happened to them whenever that annoying simpleton, kattan opened his mouth?..i can't imagine a book where i've enjoyed less than watching six-second commericials about after shave.
for anyone interested....google the words foster cline and attachment therapy, and be prepared to lose your lunch. happy research
it was so-so.i found the book had some ideas that helped, but it was unrealistic in many ways.  i am spiritual, but i didn't appreciate the religious opinion it gave
started really well....but i was duped...buyer beware.i was reading about my son.  it all sounded familiar and the concepts and suggestions made good sense.  really talked about a framework of letting the decision making (and the consequence of their decision) remain with the teen. then half way the book screeched in a new direction.  all of a sudden the book went from experienced practitioner point of view to subjective parent point of view.  when it comes to sex the authors don't want you to leave the decision with the teens, they want to take that one back, which weakens the premise they present...the authors danced around abstinence while never taking a really firm position - which i would have respected, if not agreed with.  then in the middle of that chapter one of the authors invokes christ into the conversation/solution.  if i knew this book was written in context of a particular belief system, i wouldn't have spent the $22.  i would have wanted to know that in advance.  tripping over this midbook has completely disappointed me and diminished the content and message of this book...buyer bewar
quite possibly dennett's worst - and most illogical - book ever, including his getting off on the wrong foot in first 10 pages.but i'll throw him a bone with a second star. (see end of review for why.)..first, let me qualify myself in a few ways...i'm an atheist, so i'm not attacking dennett on religious grounds...second, while i believe in the validity of evolutionary psychology, i don't believe in dennett's adaptationist-based evolutionary psychology. (and, are there that many dennett fans here, for the negative replies to my review, or is something about ev psych vs. ev psych not clear? read my review of "adapting minds," david buller's book, or of "why men won't ask directions," further down this page.)..the problems with dennett's book, as far as his previous history goes, boil down to two things: adaptationism and memes...adaptationism, at least the strong version touted by ev psychers, hasn't been shown to be true for purely physical evolution. for cultural evolution, even though it too is ultimately biological, it's got even less proof that it's anywhere close to a convincing primary explanation. see my blog, wordsofsocraticgadfly.blogspot.com, for some recent comments on dennett, adaptationism and ev psych (versus ev psych). or read my review of "adapting minds," david buller's book, or of "why men won't ask directions," further down this page...second, much of dennett's approach could be explicated without ever reverting to controversial idea no. 2 - memes. if, and that's a big if, there's any truth to memes, they're likely to be much less robust bits of mental heredity than dennett, even more than dawkins, would have us believe...related to that is dennett's incorrigible urge to translate language - and to some degree, the ideas behind the language - of people like scott atran and pascal boyer into his own. i've read and reviewed both their books on this subject. go read them and learn a lot more than in dennett's watered-down, "tweaked" transmissions. ironically, in a book about religion, "dogmatic" might be a good word to describe some of dennett's tendencies in this way...now, how does dennett shoot himself in the foot in this book in the first 10 pages?..simple. he first says he's not an expert on academic religious studies, nor on eastern religions in general. he then runs roughshod over both these on page 10, where he defines religion as including a belief in a theistic deity, obviously excluding eastern religions buddhism, taoism and confucianism. all do make the cut of "religion" in the academy, dan. but your definition of "religion" doesn't...this is probably example no. 1 to underscore what other reviewers have said, as well: this book looks like a rush job, perhaps to sam harris' book, or otherwise shallow. part of that, given dennett's previous writing history, is that he hasn't done much with religion in academic journals, so had no starting point of turning academic essays into book chapters...second, to skip ahead in the book to pages 272-73, dennett makes what should be considered elementary errors of logic, even if being used to some degree as rhetorical talking points...on 272, dennett broaches the possibility that religion makes one healthier, mentally more fit, etc. he nowhere discusses the issue of statistical correlation vs. causal correlation. nor, even if there is a causal correlation, does he consider which way it goes. i.e., does religion make you healthier, or does being healthier make you more religious?..on 273, he presents the hypothetical talking point that examining the issue of religion making one healthier or mentally more fit might fade under the scientific microscope. to broach this as even a halfway serious talking point, dennett comes off sounding like paranormal peddlers that james randi and csicop are constantly having to shoot down, special pleadings and all...there's lesser errors on top of these, but what i've just listed are train wrecks of logical reasoning. can anybody mail dennett a copy of the skeptic's dictionary? maybe this acclaimed philosopher wouldn't come up so short, or so nave, in the logic department as his thought on these two pages indicates. and, no, i'm not saying this totally tongue in cheek. near the end of chapter 9, dennett's logical reasoning skills are that weak...i'll give the book two stars, not one, though, but only by the skin of its teeth. as a popularizing version of some of what atran, boyer and harris, among others, discuss, and especially as (ostensibly) written in a spirit of outreach to a variety of religious believers of at least some depth of faith, it rises above the one-star mark. but only for that reason
humanism at its worse.mr. dennett's book demonstrates the ignorance, irrationality, and dishonesty  of humanists. discussing the meaning of word materialsim, professor dennett says:.."in its scientific or philosophical sense, it refers to a theory that aspires to explain all the phenomena without recourse to anything immaterial--like a cartesian soul, or "ectoplasm"--or god. the standard negation of materialistic in the scientific sense is dualistic, which maintains that there are two entirely different kinds of substance, matter and ...whatever minds are supposedly made of." (p. 302)..philosophers stopped believing in dualism a thousand years ago with the development of metaphysics. a modern view is that man is an indefinability that becomes conscious of its own existence...the philosophy that god does not exist is not materialism, it is naturalism. materialism is the view that all that exists is matter. materialists frequently say that free will is an illusion and that the experience of the existence of oneself is some kind of epiphenomena. (in a quote below, you will see that dennett puts free will in a list of things people belief in.)..it is not clear from the book whether dennett is a materialist, but he is certainly a naturalist. concerning the proof of god's existence, he trots out david hume's "who made god?" which is based on a misunderstanding of the principle of causality. i refer the reader to my personal website for my version of the proof...let's look at two quotes, the first is at the end of the chapter "belief in belief" and the other at the beginning of the chapter "morality and religion":.."that is, isn't it true that, whether or not god exists, religious belief is at least as important as the belief in democracy, in the rule of law, in free will? the very widespread (but far from universal) opinion is that religion is the bulwark of morality and meaning." (p. 245).." without the divine carrot and stick, goes this reasoning, people would loll about aimlessly or indulge their basest desires, beak their promises, cheat on their spouses, neglect their duties, and so on.  there are two well-known problems with this reasoning: (1) it doesn't seem to be true, which is good news, since (2) is is such a demeaning view of human nature." (p. 279)..in the first chapter, he mentions "bulwark of morality" and "meaning." but in the second chapter, he leaves out "meaning."  if our purpose in life is not to get to heaven, what is our purpose is life?..whether religion supports morality can be determined by observing whether there is a correlation of moral conduct with religious belief. mr. dennett makes such a correlation to the detriment of religion by citing the high divorce rate of fundamentalist christians...there are worse things than divorcing your spouse. disingenuousness can be worse and can take the form of leaving unsaid what should have been said. mr. dennett should have explained why he did not discuss the idea that religion gives meaning to life...the only miracle mentioned in mr. dennett's book is the shroud of turin, which has on it a mysterious image of a crucified man.  since no one claims to know how the image got there, it can be called a miracle. however, mr. dennett does not tell us anything about it. the reader is left to find out about the famous relic by looking it up on the internet.
why continue to be deceived....tim lahaye, jerry jenkins, and others in the pre-trib circle, such as ed hindson, tommy ice, chuck missler, etc., continue to put forth the same deceptions that hal lindsey popularized decades ago.  the notion of a pre-tribulation rapture is foreign to scripture, it is foreign to the teachings of the early church, and it is grooming the church for destruction through ignorance and lack of preparation for what is really coming.  these men are novices and not prophecy "experts" or "scholars" by any stretch of the imagination; they are those who tickle the ears of gullible christians.  why continue to be deceived?  tim cohen, in his excellent book, "the antichrist and a cup of tea," provides biblically sound and testable evidence to show that the coming antichrist is known now.  not only that, the same author (tim cohen) has now put out the strongest presentation on the whole issue of the rapture ever offered to the saints of god in christ: "the real rapture".  if you really want to know the truth about the timing of the coming rapture, then you need to hear tim cohen's "the real rapture" (based on a volume in his forthcoming "messiah, history, and the tribulation period" series (see prophecy house's web site, prophecyhouse dot com, for details on these items)
little more than a collection of anecdotes.intrigued by the relative frequency of citation of this book in the new "web 2.0" universe, i was disappointed to find only a sequence of factoids on social experiments and little in the way of analysis.  from the very beginning of the book the reader is invited to agree with the central thesis (that a crowd of independent individuals does better than a smaller elite group) and it very much feels like evidence is carefully selected to reinforce the author's argument.  the book could have been twice as thin without losing much of its substance.  i would qualify it as a light business read, entertaining but not quite convincing if you're not part of the choir
why do the crowds buy this book if they are so wise?.this book is basically a magazine article that has been expanded to fill out an entire book (this has been noted by others).anything of interest is said in the first chapter, followed by a lot of fluff - "sometimes the crowd is wise" "sometimes the crowd is not wise".  after the first chapter, i seriously couldn't read for more than 10 minutes without getting bored
a concerned adult with adhd.i am an adult with adhd inatintive type. i have struggled all my life with this condition.  howevere, i have managed to earn a ba in psychology and i am currently working on a masters degree.  because of my expierences in psychology classes i know something about scientific research and empirical evidence.  this book was a major dissapointment to me because it lacks the  simple scholary research to prove the claims made by dr lawless. i am afraid this book is nothing more then modernday snake-oil that will cause more harm then good...this book is so full of pseudo-science that i fear it may cause a great deal of harm to children and adults with adhd.  dr. lawless is a psychologist and should now how to read the scientifice research on the subject found in peer reviewed journals.  while, i believe that the chemeicals in the foods we eat are a major cause of illnesses, adhd and obesity, there is little scientific evidence that add is caused by diet. however, their maybe more evidence in the future.  one of his clames of red dye has been proven completly false.  another one his claims about magnet theropy are so out of the scientific mainstream that he comes of as a snakeoils salesman.  please do not buy this book.  if you want reliable information by on of the driven to distraction books
please read before buying!.there are many great ideas presented in this book about dealing with your add child, but the chapter on meds is completely off base.  let me preface the following with my opinion (i am not an md or an expert) that children with add need a team approach in helping them deal with the condition (if you choose to call it one) and there is a place for meds for many kids, but it is only a piece of the puzzle. parents, teachers, family members, md's, and behavioral specialists are all crucial. i happen to work indirectly with many of the world thought leaders and experts on add (ie. joseph beiderman, mass general hospital, boston ma/ harvard medical school, ... look up his credentials). first dr. frank lawlis is not an md, this means he has not been to medical school- that is not to say he isn't a great psychologist, just that he has not and does not write prescriptions for these meds and has no first hand experience with directly managing these meds himself.  in this book there are many things that are completely false regarding add meds. for example he states that they only work for about 50% of kids.  false let me cite 3 credible sources that disputes this (notice in the book that he does not talk about his credible source).1. "approx 70% of patients respond to the first stimulant agent administered with resulting improvement in their adhd symptoms." - practical considerations in stimulant drug selection for the adhd patient- efficacy, potency and titration beiderman, today's therapeutic trends, 02'.2. "improvement occurred in 65-75% of 5,899 patients randomized to stimulants." - practice parameter for the use of stimulant medication in the treatment of children, adolescents, and adults, journal of the american academy of child and adolescent psychiatry feb02'.3. "at least 80% of children will respond to one of the stimulants if they are tried in a systemic way." clinical practice guideline: treatment of the school-aged child with adhd, published in american acedemy of pediatrics, oct 01'...all of these quotes are credible and are opinions based on evidence-based medicine from the experts. lawlis also states that there has been little research in children and that most studies have been done on adults and rats/mice.  this is completely false! the journal noted above, journal of the american academy of child and adolescent psychiatry  (that was a review of  "161 randomized controlled trials that have been published encompassing 5 preschool, 150 school-age, 7 adolescent, and 9 adult studies"  where does dr. lawlis get his information?.the review noted above by the american acedemy of pediatrics, identified for analysis 2405 citations, 92 reports, and 78 different studies.  this is american acedemy of pediatrics- they are only interested in children and adolescents! not rats, mice, and adults..these are the most credible medical journals published. these are not the biased trials sponsored by big pharma.  the information in these journals is taken very seriously by pediatricians and child psychiatrists, and is heavily relied upon by these professionals...lastly, he also states that these drugs are identical to cocaine in their affect on the brain. this is not true, they have similarities, but by no-means identical.  yes it is true that stimulant medications can be abused and can also be addictive, but some of the newer formulations of these meds have lessened their abuse and addictive potential by altering the speed at which the drug is released into the bloodstream thereby somewhat flattening the curve (cocaine use produces a curve that is almost straight up-this is what gives the "high") the most common way for these drugs to be abused is by crushing them and snorting them (which allows for fast absorption and steep curve), and some of the newer meds are crush resistant and/or cannot be turned into a fine enough substance to be snorted.  there has also been data published that shows a decrease not increase in drug abuse for patients who have taken stimulants.  it is believed that kids who are treated (drug treatment and otherwise) are less likely to associate with kids who are failing academically/socially and who are more likely to be using drugs. (this is not to say that high all high achievers abstain from using or that all children who are failing are using)  it is just a point that kids who are treated are more likely to be focused on school and their responsibilities and are less likely to be involved in drug use.   kids who are failing in school academically/socially are often looked at as outcasts and are often looked down upon by peers, teachers, and family, and this can cause a child to look for an escape... sometimes drugs.  children who do benefit from stimulant medication sometimes have more self-esteem because of their success, and certainly less scrutiny from peers, teachers etc...lastly, lawlis tells a story about a man who died from long-term stimulant medication.  i am not going to say that this did not happen, but i will say that stimulants have been used since the 1950's, and the medical community agrees that they are safe when managed properly.  the medical community and fda have pulled many medications that were deemed unsafe from the markets (many times against the will of big pharma) and the stimulants would not have remained on the market for over 50 years, if stories like this were common or the least bit likely...i am not at all stating that stimulant meds are the answer because they are not, but they can be a small piece of the puzzle that is helping these kids with add.  the book is full of great ideas and approaches to add, but he is not accurate about the stimulant medications.  parents who see value in them should not feel ashamed and or frightened by what he says because most of it is just not accurate.  good luck and i hope this was helpful.
17 million new cases?!?!?!?!.according to the nimh there are about 1.6 million cases _total_.  if the rest of this book is as accurate as that statistic then, well, that pretty much says it all
a big, vague, bundle of contradictions.in this book's intro it says, "it's no coincidence you opened this book" then "you see, everytime a coincidence occurs, a prayer is answered, or something happens to make you say, 'wow! what are the odds of that happening?' you've received a godwink, a signpost along the path to your destiny-a message of reassurance that you are never alone."..besides that contradiction, here is more. but first, here's some wishful thinking advice (from his book):.."if you have faith in the outcome, the picture you've seen in your mind can be yours."..yep, this is another book rehashing the "if you have enough faith" fairytale. but here are the contradictions. he goes on to say: "you are destined to have a soulmate relationship. ... (godwinks) are signposts of reassurance, guiding you into making your own free will decisions."..what the hell, so you are destined, and godwinks are to show you that you aren't alone, no wait, they are reassurances to guide you into making your own free will decisions because you control your own destiny...oh but that's not all, on page 143, he said, "you must continue to listen to the small, still voice within-your intuition-and make the important choices in your like on your own, bolstered by an awareness that you are surrounded by the invisible safety net of the almighty, confirmed by godwinks, that you are never alone."..that's some great comfort from god, to let you know that you are on your own when it comes to making decisions, and he's not gonna help at all, and even causes coincidences to reassure you that he's not gonna help, and reminds you to make all the hard choices without any help, and is just gonna watch and continue to remind you that he's doing this. oh and, "let the power of coincidences lead you to love." ... wait, so now god uses coincidences to tell you who to marry or have sex with, and you should choose, using your free will to go with god's coincidence-advice? i thought he wasn't helpin out with the hard choices?..advice, don't give this book to anyone unless you want them to end up in a mental institute. and saying "free will" is redundant, of course it's free. it seems like this author has an anti-predestination bias, and in his bias is fine with wrecking the minds of those he is trying to make money off of
hated it.when wanda brought this thing home and threw it at me, i thought it might be that copy of american squirrel hunter magazine i asked her to pick up...i got up to chapter 8 before i realized it ain't got nothing to do with varmint hunting at all...not for me
size matters.this miniature edition is too small to be of much value.  when i purchased it, it was not at all obvious that it was a miniature edition, and i was shocked when it arrived.  if you're already familiar with the book, it may be a helpful reminder, but it is no way to become familiar with dr. peale's work.  it is not worth the 4.95 i paid for it, and the 3.99 shipping and handling is ludicrous
too politically correct.i'm glad to see i'm not the only one to notice the anti-white preaching in this book.   not what i expected at all because this is how history is taught today and this is supposed to be an answer to that.   i was expecting to learn a lot more - most of the things mentioned i already knew.   i graduated from high school in '89 and then got a bachelor's degree from a state college that wasn't in history.   perhaps this book would be useful to those who have less education.
boring.davis's treatment repeatedly tells us how boring other histories are until we are bored with the repetition.  then he gives us the thinnest liberal telling.  white men were all bad, indians were good.  women were brave.  conservatives are anti-semites.  republicans are bad and pro business.  anti-communism was silly. and all history is filtered through the vietnam protestor's filter. mr. davis is boring and totally predictable and has sacrificed accuracy for liberal orthodoxy.  this is offensive when it neglects margaret sanger's racism, and communist depredations
pick a different text.there should be no typos in a 9th edition.  but go ahead and count them - not just in the text, but problems as well.  there are times when formulas in the body of chapters are wrong or other times when you don't have all the info needed to answer one of the problems.  universities and instructors should be ashamed of themselves for making you spend $120 on this
teaching good avoidance..this book is good if you want to take years fixing your dogs problems and avoid every problem until then.  i personally can't avoid every 'unperfect' dog until then.  it goes over desentization (not rocket science) but doesn't give any good answers to what to do when your dog is having issues.  i'm not a fan of the 'just run the other direction' theory.  it's not good if you want to actually address your problem and avoids the topic of when it's puppy-ness or real aggression concerns
let down.since i don't normally write reviews, i'll not try to make this clever.  i was completely disappointed in this latest attempt from vince flynn.  though i love the character of mitch rapp, in this novel he read like a cardboard cut-out of the mitch rapp in all previous books.  as i read, i tried to analyze what was going on: "well, he just been through a big loss, very traumatic...flynn is trying to show the audience that mitch has been profoundly altered by the experience.  flynn will deal with this head on at some point in the novel".  he never does.  the whole interaction between kennedy and rapp at the end of the book feels like it was written by an 7th grader - its out of character and unbelievable for two seasoned intelligence professionals, completely without subtlety.  i've now come to the conclusion that, as a writer, flynn has lost the hunger (i.e. is too full of himself, now that he's "made it" and has friends in high places).  my husband is a writer, i know the difference between when he's producing junk and when he's in the creative zone, writer coming together with words, not satisied until he's melded creative energy to insight, to produce art.   it appears that flynn hurried threw this together -- a great disappointment to his fans who have followed mitch since term limits and connected with his ability to read a situation, act decisively and remain in control, objectives intact.  i've already sold this book (though i won't part with the others) and i'll be more careful before i buy flynn's next offering. my advice to vince: remember why you started writing (i'll bet it wasn't to produce books of mediocity).
did not keep my interest, despite all the right ingredients.i was looking for a real thriller, and thought i would try one by david baldacci. i had read a very favourable review a while back, and i have also seen and enjoyed the movie version of absolute power...after reading reviews at amazon, i picked last man standing. however, i was really disappointed. for me it wasn't thrilling at all. several times i had to force myself to pick it up again to continue reading. for me, a good thriller is a book you can't stop reading, even if it's getting late and you really, really should try to get some sleep instead of continue reading...examples of great thrillers i have read are: the firm by john grisham, the day after tomorrow by allan folsom (nothing to do with the weather-related movie of the same name) and angels and demons by dan brown...but last man standing was quite the opposite. sure it had its moments where it got exciting for a while (the final shoot-out for example), but those times were quite rare...i've been trying to figure out why i didn't like it, but i can't say i know why. i do think that a lot of what happens in the book is quite far-fetched (especially the reason the hero web london froze during the ambush) and that the characters are pretty one-dimensional, but that's not enough of a reason. both the day after tomorrow and angels and demons have plenty of far-fetch twists and one-dimensional characters, but they were still exciting reads. i can't come up with a definite answer as to why i didn't like last man standing - i simply just didn't care for it...writing a negative review like this will probably earn me a few unhelpful votes, but i think it is important to also review books you didn't like. otherwise you risk getting an unbalanced view. however, i do admit that it is much more fun to review books you really liked...but to finish, if you are looking for a good thriller, skip this one and try one of the other three i mentioned above.
written like a bad movie.i have read baldacci's first four novels and have immensely enjoyed all of them.  this one, however, is just awful.  not only the character's dialogue but even the story itself is written like a really bad detective movie.  the only thing i can think of to compare it to is this :  there was a series of calvin and hobbes cartoons where calvin imagines himself as a private detective and they are written like the old detective shows, with lame lines like "the gun was loaded, and so was i".  that is exactly what this book is like, except it goes on for 400 pages.  there isn't a single interesting character in this book, in my opinion.  you just have to slog your way through the book to get to the end.  it's the bataan death march of novels.  i hope this is an aberration - i'll certainly give him another try since the first four novels that i read were so good.  but one more stinker like this one and i'll drop his name from my reading list
boring.what a waste of time.  this book is good for one thing.  it reminded of something i need to work on.  my stubbornness.  sometimes i can be just too stubborn for my own good.  when i was reading this i just wouldn't quit and had to go all the way to the end.  this will teach me.  thank you mr. baldacci!..here is a synopsis of the book:  "a" is the biggest strongest man in the world.  no way!  "b" is the biggest strongest.  how can they be if "c" was in the most awesome group of men in the world?  then they try to catch a bad guy who thinks he is the biggest, strongest and smartest of them all.  thank you again david!..this would have received a 1 star except i was reminded of the lesson i needed
boring and racist..i found this book to repetitive.  it just keeps going on and on, on how bad web feels about the death of his 7 team mates.  also, it has harsh racist descriptions on some characters that don't really add to the story at all.  it just adds to the stereotype of how life is in annacostia, washington dc.  one such description is that of the black grandmother of the missing kid.  she is described as a big black woman about the sides of a small car with big breast and lives in a house full of rat excrements. i don't recommend this book at all, but if you are a narrow minded white male, who thinks that he is at the top of the hill looking down on the rest, this book is for you
still a disappointment..the 2002 version of the star wars core rulebook is an improvement over the original.  it upgrades some underpowered character classes, adds some breadth, and makes much-needed improvements to the very abstract and annoying vehicle operation system used in the 1999 rulebook.  unfortunately, the central, crippling problem with the 1999 version remains:  the d20 system just isn't well-suited to star wars storytelling.  playing this game is nothing like playing out a star wars story, and a lot like playing dungeons and dragons in space...star wars is fast-moving, fluid, and dynamic, and not much concerned with power balance.  a kid fresh off the moisture farm can fight his way past elite enemy troops to save the princess, and one sith lord can arrange the downfall of the entire jedi order.  audacity and heroic (or villainous) attitudes matter more than experience and number-crunching.  major characters rarely die, and then only if there's a strong dramatic reason for it.  plotlines are loose and free-form.  a game based on star wars should reflect that...by contrast, d20 is very cut-and-dried, and very regulated, and much too lethal.  concepts like "level", "class", and "hit points" are fundamental to the d20 system, but are not very applicable to the star wars universe.  the system has a lot going for it, and it's great for dungeons and dragons, but here it's a case of trying to stuff a square peg into a round hole...i prefer the west end games "d6" version released in the late 1980s.  it has its flaws - it doesn't deal with very powerful characters as well as it might, and character creation could use some tuning (particularly for force-sensitive pcs) - but it captures the feel of star wars.  a revision of that rule system, or a completely new system incorporating the best features of both d6 and d20, would have been a much better choice than using the d20 system as a "one-size-fits-all" set of mechanics...however, it seems unlikely that wizards of the coast will forsake their flagship d20 system for something as high-profile as star wars.  so i suggest that if you really want to get into gaming in the star wars universe, look for a used copy of the west end games version
if its too good to be true......well you know the rest. aside from her brash repetative demeanor her cooking has a lot to be desired. these meals cannot be done in 30 minutes, unless that is if you want everything half cooked. the book makes false promises and does not deliver. there are also no pictures and no index and the recipes are very confusing..most of them deriving from an original master recipe and then just changing one or two things. if you want good food and a good cook book don't buy into the hype and don't buy this book.
a hastily thrown together book.i've heard a lot about ms. ray's show on the food network, so i thought this book might be an interesting addition to my library. i was wrong. unfortunately i didn't scan the book before buying it, or else it would still be on the shelf. most of my gripes have been covered now that i have read them. un organized, no index, and to be honest, uninspiring recepies. 30 minute meals? i don't think so given the time it takes to find what's needed to create a meal, most of them seem to be the kind that were passed down by word of mouth, and not researched. is ms. ray a chef? i don't think so, and am not sure what her credentials actually are..so i can't recommend it, unless your a die hard fan of her and want all her merchandise.
scrooged!.the sub-header to this book could very well be: "all work  no play makes jack a dull boy"...basically, tom stanley's scholarly treatise on american wealth comes down to this mind-ripping, continent-blasting conclusion:..millionaires, you see:..1) save more than they spend;..2) don't spend anything...that's it. page after page, chart after chart, graph after graph, anecdote piling up on anecdote, all of it boiling down to the same conclusion: don't spend more than you save. clip coupons. hang on to your wife `til death you do part. buy a rambler for 80 grand, and cling to it like a rat clutching a big mac in a hurricane...to wit: if you're a good little bob cratchit, and burrow down in your suburban dacha, drive the civic, eat top ramen, and take your vacations at the state museum of knitting  the fine arts, you'll die loaded!sound like fun?..didn't think so. look: you've got one life, and after death all bets are off. sure, you could be hauled up by the angels to paradise, or it could just be one plate of linguini too many, a nasty flatline and one vast inky void of non-consciousness. either way, you're looking at one single trip on this not-so-flat earth, so you might as well live large...it's true, now: you can haul in major bank in whatever profession you choose: eremetic horror-writer, wall street tycoon, railroad baron, small-town librarian, legal eagle defender of the criminally insane, whatever. and you can always outspend it. that is the source of endless tragedy and dickensian woe throughout the ages, without a doubt...but there pitfalls at the other extreme. listen: i live next door to one of these mcmillionaires. the guy is this enfeebled little wizened gnome of a critter, used to be a bank vice president and got bought out because he was a dingus. total skinflint. miser. goes on his own hunting trips and brings back venison, deer meat, which he forces his family of---jesus, i think 12---to eat for months. lives in a shacky little rambler, buys used crown vics from the local police department and bargain basement prices...the guy, no doubt, is high net worth. but he's also a loser...this is a guy who didn't want to cough up a few hundred bucks to help build a joint fence between our properties---so there's a fence, even a fence that abuts his property---but beyond my house and demesne, he elected not to build a fence. instead, he got a plastic jersey barricade (orange and white) and went with that. is that any way to live? is that really what it means to be a `millionaire'?..i think not. half the glory of the age of great american consumption is buying stuff you don't need, but want. desire. demand. what else is work for?  find a way to creative bliss, work at something you're good at, that you have a real passion for, and the money will follow...but for the love of god, it's only money: spend it! what is money for, if not to indulge yourself?..sure, get a pace---plan to the end---set a budget. but how many of you want to be that newspaper column on page a3, the 95 year old dowager pauper who begged for alms on the streetcorner, ate catfood out of a tin, and scrounged for quarters by the bus stop, then was found rigid and cold in the urine-stiff sheets of her dirty bed, sprawled atop a fortune estimated at 20 million bucks? sound like a plan? i think not. money may not buy happiness, but it sure as hell can get you a rolls-royce phantom..."millionaire next door" might have it right in its sociology---and for what it is, stanley's thesis is meticulously researched, mustered like a well-trained army, and capable of marshalling its teeming forest of facts like a well-drilled martinet---but it's off the map when it comes down to the point of the whole thing: if you've got it, flaunt it..."millionaire next door" isn't a bad book: it's scholarly, and plods along its own hand-me-down lodestar towards its prophesied conclusion (be cheap! die loaded!), and perhaps some folks will be astounded to discover there are some real richies down the block who in another day would have been called skinflints...but as a map to your stars, this one is a little cramped, cribbed, dank, and stinks of mothballs. i think i'll take first class---scratch that, how much did you say that learjet was going for, again?..js
unrealistic, repetitive, couldn't finish.this book was interesting at first.  it shatters what most of us think the typical millionaire looks and acts like, but that only takes a chapter.  after that, it just keeps repeating itself over and over.  "who do you think bought the $1000 watch and who bought the lower priced watch?"  yeah, yeah, i get it; the millionaire has a lower priced watch than the overspending, no real wealth guy...then some of the examples are so over simplified or exaggerated that you know they are made up to make a point.  i want real examples.  i don't care if you give them goofy code names to protect identity, but don't come up with such bad comparisons to prove a point if it isn't real...then there is the advice on being frugal.  i am pretty frugal, but some of what they said would put me in the crazy house if i had to live like that.  sure, i could cut out every unnecessary expense from my budget, but then i wouldn't be very happy.  who cares if i have a million when i'm 60ish if i had to live miserably up until then.  what is that worth?  i know not to go out and buy a brand new luxury car, but driving around my 20 year old jeep is no fun either!..this book is good for the first chapter and if you are just completely clueless or a compulsive over spender.  people with common sense need not buy this book, just check it out at the library like i did
rmlamatt author of fears flutterby.i wish mr. sparks would find the voice he wrote with in his earlier novels. that flow and voice i understood so well. at first sight felt like i was reading a deadline novel. just words, no insight, didn't make this reader think at all. sorry, just the way i read it.
borrrrrring.i gagged my way through the notebook but thought i would give nicholas sparks another try.  i read about 1/3 of the book and decided it was a waste of my time.
what happened to n. sparks?.i have laughed and shed tears over all of the authors books. im am completely dumbfounded as to what he was thinking when he wrote at first sight.  like me, you probably loved all the characters in his previous books.  he makes every character in this book not loveable! i kept asking myself, who am i rooting for?  do i care if things go well?  the best part were the medical issues but only a few pages in the book - could have been a story in itself.  i miss the old spark.
readable but not worth the money....this book was on the bestseller's shelf at my local bookstore.  i asked an employee about how books were selected for that shelf and was told that selection is based on a number of factors including positive customer reviews.  shocking.  as a number of other customer's have commented on this site, this book was not worth the money it cost.  it was silly, contrived and unrealistic...the cover of the book states that the writer is one of the best romance writers of all time.  i typically don't read romance novels but i can't begin to imagine that that's possible.
silly and unrealistic.i haven't read many books written by patterson but i liked the notebook so i thought i would read some of his other publications.  i didn't find much to like about at first sight...the story is totally unbelievable and the characters one-dimensional. it is a boiler plate romance novel. the couple are immediately attracted to each other but something keeps them apart. a wave of a wand and they both know they love each other. the happy couple then find and overcome adversity...patterson is not a bad writer. if you are looking to escape from the daily grind and want to find romance in an easy read, you won't be disappointed.  if you want a realistic story and believeable characters, then at first sight isn't for you
decent if clumsy writing.the author has a decent touch with action sequences (few though they are in this book). and he seems to have a real affinity for martial arts which comes across in his writing and enriches his story. but he is very akward at moving the plot forward and constantly depends on groups of characters sitting around dicussion what happened. "why did this clue appear earlier? what is the significance of this event? what trends should we see based on events so far." very clumsy style which veers into hardy boys book territory. but when he finishes explaining everything that's happended so far he writes competently. if you got the book free and like the genre it's worth reading on a plane
ode to a pompous wind bag.jesus, what a narcassist, i mean is this guy for real.  why do people buy into this idiot with the ridiculous comb over; the emperor has no clothes, people!  the only reason he has any money is because the banks could not afford to call in his notes, he had such staggering debt, he would have sunk the bank..id love to know what his net worth really is..but you have to give the guy credit he does know how to get press, and his spawn seen to be a chip off the old comb over, they are as arrogant and frankly unattractive as he is, though i must admit his new child is a really cute kid...maybe a paternity test is in order.  how to get rich...drive up ur debt to such a level, and owe so many creditors that they cannot afford to call in your debt..priceless
this books sucks.when is everyone going to learn - there is no such thing as a how-to-get-rich book.  the title for the book is a joke itself.  trump and his editors were probably laughing all the way to the bank when they thought of the title.  seriously, if anybody knows the secret on how to get rich, why would he tell you?  this book is nothing more than a ploy to get some extra dough by capitalizing on the success of the apprentice.  there is so much white space in the book because there is not much writing in terms of quantity or quality!  the advice is so mundane.  half of the book is memoirs of a week as trump - boooring.  and i don't want to read about the show in the last chapter.  i cannot believe this book was published.  the writing stinks and there is even some typos.  trump may produce quality buildings, but that cannot be said of his books
waste of time if you are not already rich..if you have 10 million dollars and you are losing 100 thousand dollars a day, then this book might be helpful. if you are not a millionaire, then this book is not for you. i can give you better advice on how to get rich than trump. i understand he knows more than i do, however, he does not share a damn thing with you in his book
no healthy recipes here.many of the recipes use an abundance of heavy cream, half and half, whole milk or butter. i'm sure these dishes taste good, but people i cook for don't need to eat such rich food.
a truly awful book.save your time, money and patience.  this may be the worst book i have read since the equally monotonous, predictable stone barrington novel "the short forever".  wow, this one stinks.  like others, i put up with the shallow characters, ludicrous dialogue and endless parade of showers, boobs and guns to figure out whodunit.  unfortunately, this book had an ambiguous ending that seeks to be clever but is instead is just stupid.  who on earth did kill vance?  and come to think of it, who gives a damn?  i don't what women did to stuart woods but he sure seems to hold them in complete contempt.  every female character, save for isabel the maid, felt compelled to practically rape our handsome hero.  each is flawless and gorgeous but also all are dumb, vacuous, self-centered and thoroughly unlikeable - hey a couple are even truly psychotic!  the only normal female character who spared stone, mary ann, unfortunately has a room temperature iq.  i am hardly a prude, but i lost count of how many women either vance or stone made love to in the course of one short novel and felt the need to take a long hot shower to rid myself of the feelings of filth.  mr. woods either lives in a world of complete ignorance or the reading public is a lot less discriminating than i thought
cute..cute describes these books in the 10-mintues-a-day series.  pleasant, a little fun, a little insipid.  but, really, not so bad just to get a taste of the language before you decide to move on to deeper study...actually--in contrast to more than one other reviewer--i found the word-substitution presentation to be quite helpful in anchoring the meaning of the word into my memory.  this is not an untried method, being also used in the easylearn language audio programs, and other texts...those word stickers don't stay on too long, though.  be prepared to lose a lot of them
italian in 10 minutes a day.my wife and i have now spent a good month "learning" with.this book. in fact more than 10 minutes a day,.more like 30 minutes per session..we both speak other languages, so we can compare...good, nice thematic picture groups,.and you need to learn the words associated with them..(we did.)..bad, again, and again ms. kershul introduces words,.and grammar which do not fit into the "just mastered".scheme of things...irritating to the extreme:.ms. kershul gives her instructions in a mixture of english.and italian in one sentence..(we would have preferred one line of italian only,.followed by one line --say in italics--.providing the english translation, in many cases preferably,.with an explanations "how this compares to what was done yesterday".)..bad:.in attempt to not introduce grammar, you are left high.and dry figuring out gender, declinations, and worse.conjugations by yourself..(we have not yet seen satisfactory forms summarizing 'things',.and we are half way through the book)...in anger, we finally went to the local library.and got a 70 years old italian grammar for high schools..that did solve our problem and left us convinced.that "new and improved" does not necessarily.provide a better learning experience...somewhat irritating:.ms kershuls's choice of vocabulary seems to assume that.1. you wish to visit lots of relatives.(not an uncle, niece, grandson, cousin, grandparent, or daughter.is forgotten in the family tree),.2. you wish to order meals and "buy stuff" constantly.(we assure you, that is the one thing italians.are very good at, understanding english when you want to.buy things or order a meal).3. you wish to tell italians that you are "american".(as if our accents and clothing are not dead-give-aways).4. you pray "catholic", "protestant", or "hebrew"..(the italians we know couldn't care less.-- how about instead "politics", "music", "movies", "soccer".and the "bella ragazza" over there)..in summary, we are ready now to look for a book which.does not claim to be "easy, in 10 minutes a day",.but emphasizes grammar,.groups vocabulary (and discusses alternatives for each new.word),.provides clearer indication of emphasis in the pronounciation.(example: telefono, versus incorrect telefono).teaches italian as a language of "constructed" full sentences, rather than "single catch words"..------------------..our final test,.no, we would not recommend this book to a friend
pretty dumb!.what this book says is to eat less and exercise more.  this is supposed to be new and insightful advice?  the step counter that came with the book is crummy.  the battery rattles around in the thing and the steps don't count correctly
repetitive and could be turned into a leaflet.i have read "crossing the chasm" and "inside the tornado" by moore, both very good books! when i first laid my eyes on this book i had a slight feeling that there might be risk of overlap. i think wiefelds saw this as well and got a good endorsement by his colleague moore - to state that this is a complement, not a repetition. that the book was published after the dot-com, in 2002, felt reassuring though - a lot of good lessons were probably to be learned for the reader. ok, so i had high expectations, but felt a slight doubt...after reading the book i have two statements:.1. the book delivers some more hands on the two books it referrers to, some really good lists. all in all about nine pages of good roi-of time material..2. i am very sad that wiefelds did not listen to his own good recommendation: don't talk about your product as you know it - know your target group! wiefelds should know that i am not planning on reading this book for fun - i want a high gain/time-quota, not 352 pages that take a week to read, when a 20 page leaflet would be sufficient! because the book is repetitive - very!..to summarize:.the book offers some good hands on tips and lists, but should have been a 20 page leaflet.
mediocre musings from a top blogger.glenn reynolds isn't known as the "blogfather" for nothing. the tennesee law professor was one of the first among the intelligentsia to see the potential of web logs, or blogs, to change the media landscape. as a daily reader of reynolds' instapundit.com for 5 years, i am continually impressed with his analysis, breadth of interest, and good-naturedness. his posts are short, pithy and droll...but judging from "an army of davids", those bloggy qualities that have made reynolds an online force don't carry over well into the book world. reynolds' conversational style serves him well on the web, where his analytical one-liners and nuggets of insight perfectly suit today's scroll-and-scan online attention span..."army" is basically a collection of lengthy blog posts united by the theme that technology is increasingly empowering individuals socially, economically and politically -- for better and for worse. reynolds makes this argument most effectively in the first half of the book, when the discussion focuses on blogging and media. the second half ventures into more fantastic territory by touching on biotech, nanotech and space travel, and it's here where the book transmogrifies more into futuristic musings about reynolds' pet causes: a cure for ageing, homebrew molecular manufacturing, and nuclear powered spacecraft (that's bombs, not reactors). all fascinating stuff, but i'm still not sure how that fits on the same page as citizen journalism and home music studios...that brings me to my main problem with "army": in the end it's less a systematic study of the probable areas where technology enables average people to nudge society in new directions than it is a collection of stuff that glenn reynolds finds really cool and sort of crams under this broad umbrella of individual empowerment...one specific complaint i have focuses on the chapter on space travel, titled: "space: it's not just for governments anymore". reynolds rightly points out the deep flaws in our nasa-oriented, top-down approach to space. he illustrates how entrepreneurs like burt ratan to jeff bezos and john carmack will drive the next era of spaceflight, at costs that are a tiny fraction of the government's approach...but in the next breath, reynolds laments how we are in danger of losing the spacerace to china, which is pursuing exactly the big government, highly secretive, top-down approach that has led the u.s. to a cosmic dead-end. not only that, reynolds speculates the chinese could beat us with the aforementioned nuclear bomb-powered spacecraft, an approach that was abandoned by the u.s. decades ago due to significant technological, environmental and diplomatic risks. china has made exactly two manned spaceflights, both using 1950s era technology copied from the soviets. their nuclear arsenal is limited to a few score of warheads. but suddenly they are going to find enough fissionable material to create the thousands of bombs needed to power such a spacecraft, and moreover manage to test prototypes in complete secrecy without triggering any suspicious seismographical readings? it just doesn't compute...i also find it odd that "army" was published as a traditional dead-tree book. you'd think that reynolds' enthusiasm for cheap new technologies would lead him to offer it as a pdf download or even an e-book. of course, online media is not a replacement for print media, any more than tv was a replacement for radio. and no one can begrudge a desire to see if it's possible to translate online success into a publishing one. but it would have been the ultimate validation of the very technologies reynolds spends 270 pages endorsing
not a good introduction to conservatism.first off, i am a young conservative, and as such i should like this book. a lot of my friends have recommended it to me, and i loved "what's so great about america" and got a lot out of "the end of racism." however, i have three problems with "letters": its arguments are too superficial, it has no logical target audience and its arguments are sometimes faulty...for the record, i know that the book is designed to offer brief arguments for a wide variety of conservative positions. but four pages or so apiece? the ideas barely scratch the surface of conservative thought. if d'souza increased the length of the book by about 50 percent, and cut out some of the lesser essays (the one on gun control might as well have been two words long: "john lott"), he could get more into each issue...second, it's hard to tell who the book is aimed at. its title would imply that young conservatives should read it, but if you don't know almost everything that's in this book, you aren't knowledgeable enough to call yourself a conservative...maybe young liberals can learn something about the right-wing perspective. but if they know enough about their own positions, they probably also know everything contained in this little "gem." there's an argument to be made that high schools and colleges don't teach conservative thought, so some of the ideas here might be new to a young liberal - but in that case, lefties are sure to be put off by the tasteless jokes about homosexuality and the often-sarcastic wording...ditto for people who know almost nothing about politics. they're likely to end the book thinking that conservatives simply delight in making others uncomfortable...finally, as basic as most of the essays are, some of them have flawed logic. for instance, d'souza states that liberals think human nature is good, while conservatives think it's bad. this can't explain why liberals think people need to be forced to give to the poor. nor why conservatives think humans are capable of making their own economic decisions. both liberals and conservatives think human nature is good and bad, only in different ways...another ridiculous argument is when he responds to allegations that quotes in his previous books are taken out of context. he says that all quotes are out of context; otherwise, he'd have to quote the whole speech or book in question...i'm sorry, but this has no merit. if i'm talking about monopoly and say, "i always beat my girlfriend," and then someone puts that in an article about domestic violence, that's what we commonly refer to as "out of context." it's ridiculous to deny that "out of context" can ever be a meaningful concept...essentially, this is far from the end-all-be-all of starter books for conservatives. i wish i had something else to recommend in its place, but every time i've read a book like this i've ended up disappointed. i'd advise getting into each issue separately. for this, d'souza's recommended reading list at the end is actually useful
disappointing!.if you want to get introduced to the radical conservative concept in plain english you can probably read the book. the book, quite disappointingly, doesn't present logical arguments which is quite putting off for a rational reader. i'll quote an example from chapter 9 (why government is the problem):.."it is one thing for the government to provide the basic necessities of life to the "truly needy," people, a group that would include the poor, the sick and the disabled. it is another thing for government to take resources from one middle-class family and give them to another middle-class family. this happens when, for example, the government builds a mass transit system. people who prefer to drive cars must prefer to pay for the transportation preferences of the people who prefer to take the subway."..now from above argument it seems that people driving cars are doing some kind of charitable favour to people taking the subway. but how about people riding in subways paying for the freeways/highways other people drive their vehicles on...and similarily all over the book the arguments are pretty loose and unappealing. another example in chapter 14 (why professors are so left-wing):.."conservatives tend to go to business because they care more about money; liberals tend to into the academy because they care more about power"...i am not sure if i understand the above argument but it seems illogical for people to join academia if they are hungry for power - don't know if there is a "how to become a us senator for dummies" but i don't think it would recommend becoming a faculty member in an ivy league school if one is looking for a seat in congress.
a disapointed conservative, i wanted to like this book....this book, while mostly fluent and often entertaining, is fundamentally flawed...(in the interest of full disclosure, i come to this judgment as a fan of both g. w. bush and ronald reagan, as a catholic-raised and jesuit-minded atheist, as an open 'bisexual' who rejects the notion of 'gay' identity, as a well-read fan of the likes of g.k. chesterton, christopher hitchens, ann coulter, ayn rand, camille paglia and william f. buckley, and as a reader who wanted to like this book.)..the work has three main flaws.  it is too ambitious for the skill and effort demonstrated.  it preaches to the choir. and it is gratuitously snide and self-contradictorily condescending...the book gets off to a rough start on page three where d'souza begins:.."the term "liberal," in its [!] greek meaning...."..this is a sloppy mistake from a stanford scholar and former senior white house analyst.  "liber-" is a latin root, the greek for free(man) is "eleutheros."  the author and editor both deserve a ruler across the knuckles from fr. grammaticus, s.j., for that mistake...saying he has matured from his sophomoric days, d'souza tries to hard to be serious yet funny.  at best, he comes across as less witty than buckley, less biting than coulter, less self-aware than paglia, and totally out of rand's league, whom he damns with faint praise in his suggested reading list.  (perhaps this last comparison is unfair.)..and, of course, as d"souza says, making "lefties" turn apoplectic is loads of fun.  a politically correct, tweed-and-goateed college professor once told my (all white) literature class that we were all "ignorant racists" who "couldn't even prove [we] exist[ed.]" in response, the editor of my college paper threw a penknife at the prof's head which stuck in the wall behind him with a thud, six inches from his left ear.  when asked whether the knife "existed?" the professor responded, "class dismissed."  d'souza's reported college exploits pale in comparison...second, the book never puts forth any original solutions or formulations.  it merely reassures an admittedly "young conservative" that liberals are often worth laughing at.  this may be quite true, but republican ann coulter and (?post-)marxist christopher hitchens do so, write so, and say so much better.  their works are quite highly recommended...d'souza offers no arguments other than the implied equation christian=moral=republican=justified..finally, d'souza's repeated jabs at homosexuals are inappropriate, and his suggestion that conservatives "forget about" the 'black' vote is abominable...his homophobic (a word i hate, but which here has no substitute,) references are embarrassing...at one point, d'souza nervously jokes that a man says:."i approve of homosexuality he said, half in ernest."  [sic.]..during college orientation, the fetching d'souza is told to "look the person on either side of him" and realize that at least "one of the three" would have a homosexual experience before leaving college.  rather than ask, as i did at mine, "how do you know, and what gives you the right to lecture me on the topic?" he makes a mental note to "avoid" the two men for his stay at dartmouth.  fearing what?  this is more like a bad frat joke than the work of a serious scholar...he describes the homosexuality as a "lifestyle" choice, yet also seems to believe that homosexuality is involuntary.  he conflates the "gay" movement (which he sometimes seems to realize is a silly modern leftist aberration) with _homosexuality_ which is universal in all cultures...[the curious and unafraid "young conservative" should research the words _shaman_ and _berdache_ and the stories of achilles, hadrian, and alexander the great, and their loves.]..and while i agree entirely with d'souza's critique of `gay' marriage, (for which he puts forth no serious arguments) i don't see him reaching out here to young homosexual conservatives.  we do exist...his comments on homosexuality in the military were ignorant, and frankly incoherent.  (again, see the greeks)..he also nominally distinguishes between individuals of `african-american' (i.e., former-slave) heritage and the existence of a so-called `black community.'  yet he advocates that republicans "give up" on blacks and work on attracting latinos and asians as a more expedient political tactic.  this is rank us-versus-them tribalism. partisanship - not principle...[and, by asians, does he mean anatolians?]..to be brief, after reading christopher hitchens' work "letters to a young contrarian" in the same series, i fully hoped to enjoy this book.  but i cannot say it was worth the purchase price...i rated it with one star to weight the bias of reviews that praise it, the book is worth perhaps two or two-and-a-half, if one is charitable...i have not read d'souza's other works, yet am willing to give him a second chance - from a lending library...pick up a copy of ann coulter's paperback edition of "how to talk to a liberal" instead
saying what you want to hear.my only conclusion about the popularity of d'souza is that he writes what his audience loves to hear.  his opinions, and that is all they are, opinions with little concern for research, analysis, and refutation because they are so general, must strike a nerve in many 'young conservatives' who feel they are unappreciated.  however, that doesn't make his ideas right regardless of how much one wants them to be. that any author would presume to be able to make a comprehensive analysis of current political ideology in so short a book is rather insulting to people who spend their entire lives seeking the truth.  that this forum is in the form of a 'letter' is condescending to individuals who want to arrive at truth.  if one is inquisitive about how the world works, why read the pre-digested views of someone who immediately places himself in a one-up position with the reader?  why not go out and learn about the world yourself?  are people so afraid that their biases just might be unfounded?  if so, it does not say much for one's self confidence...that said, here is a brief deconstruction of the sadly poorly reasoned perspective of the author, chapter by chapter....1	conservatives vs. liberals:  phony dichotomy, as if the country were divided into two mutually exclusive political camps..enough said..2	the libertarian temptation:  if you're considering what political agenda suits you, you use reason to arrive at conservativism.  any other choice is emotional indulgence.  not that bush promulgates emotion (bring 'em on, for or against us, ad nauseum; or cheney (yelled out. f__ y___ at a democratic senator during a photo shoot; cheney the only congressperson who voted against banning armor piercing bullets during a house vote proposing to ban said ordnance that went through police officers' bullet proof vests-well, i guess one libertarian temptation doesn't count).3	the education of a conservative--this sounds like you were born conservative and needed educating.  is this a new variation of trait theory?..4	pig wrestling at dartmouth--i guess every serious book needs a comic chapter title, but you're no shakespeare...5	fighting political correctness--you mean political correctness to which you are opposed.  business suit, white shirt, red power tie, well-groomed: it's the photo of you on the cover! suggested title "fighting political correctness by being the correct form of political correctness."..6	authentic vs. bogus multiculturalism--there's authentic and bogus everything: politicians, agendas, $20 bills, televangelists, etc. if you need someone to tell you what is the real thing and what is junk, you will always look to others for advice...7	what's so great about great books: logic 101: define "tautology." besides that, if you have to explain this to your readers, it doesn't say much about their own discernment.  no one should have to explain what is 'great.' learn through experience...8	how reagan outsmarted the liberals: drug dealers outsmart the police all the time.  advertisers outsmart consumers.  so??? is 'outsmart' a positive word?  not to me...9	why government is the problem: you're not talking about the morass of iraq, sponsored by the republican party, or the abysmal failure of the bush fema program, or the indictments of top-level conservative politicians, are you?  are fire departments the problem?  is government--the entity that created the protection of free speech so people like d'souza could write books the enemy?..10	when the rich get richer:  another lame trickle-down economic theory; the trouble is two-fold: the rich don't buy things; they already have everything; they can invest their profits, but the big money is in investing overseas...11	how affirmative action hurts blacks: the old argument about class vs. race.  how about a new problem: "how outsourcing high tech jobs to india hurts whites" won't win too many conservatives with that one...12	the feminist mistake: you mean there is only one??? i made at least three mistakes today alone! i bet if you ask him, d'zousa would say he doesn't make any.  everyone and every ideology makes mistakes.  we're all human...13	who are the postmodernists?  corporations that rip-off 1920's car designs and haute couture and make a fortune are the only ones of import; the rest just sit around bee-esing...14	why professors are so left-wing: since business is the number one college major and the m.b.a. is the most sought after college degree, this argument is very old and lame.  not too many finance, marketing, and management professors are so called "left wing": whatever that means.  the 60's are over, dude...15	all the news that fits: are you really going to rip-off a old joke that appeared in "mad magazine"?..16	a living constitution?  if the constitution sat in a vault and no one knew it, would it be a constitution?  i suppose it's all how you interpret it; of course, those who are alive and who interpret it make it a living constitution.  if such people agree with your version, it's valid; otherwise, it's a chimera, i suppose...17	more guns, less crime: households with guns have double the rate of suicide than those without guns.  suicide is a crime.  i guess you weren't referring to that crime.  yes guns don't kill people, americans with guns kill people, at least in terms of so-called 'civilized societies.'..18	how to harpoon a liberal: very revealing metaphor.  i guess when the whales are all extinct, you have to get out your aggression somewhere...19	lies my teacher taught me:  like the one that stated teddy roosevelt charged up san juan hill? why didn't you mention that one?..20	was lincoln a bad guy?: john wilkes booth thought he was...21	the self-esteem hoax:  you gain self-esteem by hard work and accomplishment, like the ambitious young men who make fortunes dealing drugs...22	who cares about the snail darter?  this is the tired argument about the expendability of endangered species for the sake of economics.  the u.s. has--i mean had--a long history of conserving nature.  it was part of our culture.  in the philippines you can eat dog for a main course.  if you objected, some nice filipino might ask "who cares about dogs?" you do, because it's part of your culture.  who's right?  did you see the episode of twilight zone where beings came from another planet with a book "how to serve man," and it turned out to be a cookbook?  be careful for what you wish for...23	against gay marriage: look at canada and the evil consequences it has caused there like low divorce rates, low levels of child molestation, low incidents of juvenile deliquency, etc.  now check with the moral u.s.a...24	family values since oedipus: you left out your hero r. reagan in this chapter: the only american president to have been divorced...25	speaking as a former fetus: i'd love to read hitler's or stalin's version of this...26	the hypocrisy of anti-globalists: if you can tell me where i can buy a dvd player made in the u.s.a., i'll run right out and buy one...27	are immigrants to blame?:  sure they are to blame.  just blame them.  they won't talk back.  they could get deported...28	why liberals hate america: name three... come on...you can do it.   i'm waiting....ok, get back to me later on that one...29	a republican realignment?  you mean like the way they are lining up to protest stem cell research and praising the war in iraq? or maybe the way they're lining up to get fingerprinted with delay in the lead and libby right behind...30.why conservatives should be cheerful: at least one conservative should be. you. if enough suckers buy your book, why wouldn't you be?
average information with zero "wow" factor.i was expecting new and interesting ideas from this book, but was disappointed.  if you truly have no idea how to find a sales baseline for your business or don't know how to track trends, this book is for you.  if you are like me (you know the basics but were trying to find a more thorough approach), i wouldn't buy the book
remembering denice.denice and i grew up in the same small town in oklahoma. it is of the utmost importance to understand how those of us who knew her were profoundly affected by her death. this heinous crime not only shook ada, but also shook those of us who grew up with her in purcell,ok. denice was a sweet girl who had a smile that would light up the room. she was a year behind me in school. i recently pulled out a old high school annual. looking at her photo brought back a rush of memories. memories of a beautiful, innocent young woman who's life was ended in the twinkling of a eye. as important as it is that justice has been served in this case, it is even more important for all to understand that we will never forget denice.
poorly written.i tried reading this book but found it so turgid and poorly written that i put it down in frustration.  it reads like a translation from another language by an academic bureacrat. the theme is interesting, the execution poor.  cannot recommend
not that well written, only good as a reference.was expecting a book that really helps fairly new readers to the concepts of financial engineering. this book is not well written and throws the reader into a lot of topics without any real-world, practical examples. a much, much, much, better book is investment science by luenberger. get that book. it kicks hull's ass
what a joke!!.what's wrong with all you amamzon reviewers?..i actually quite liked shutter island but this was total garbage. the morose tone is totally overdone throughout, and the end is pathetic. the interesting situtation setup in the first chapter is never satisfyingly integrated with the rest of the story...avoid
way overrated!!!.when i bought the book i did not know that they already made a movie out of it but i learned about it later on. so i was really excited when i started to read it - also because other comments were really good..unfortunately the book could not live up to my expectations at all...first the story development is really slow- it takes an awful lot of pages before the actual crime happens...second, several passages in the book do not contribute anything vital at all to the story but only slow down the pace significantly...the worst part of the book though is its style: it does not matter if a person really contributes anything at all to the story or the crime - he/she gets an extensive characterization. most of them are several pages long and bore the hell out of the reader. without this absolutely unnecessary amount of information this book easily could be about 200 pages shorter...but even if the pace is slow and the book should be shorter, couldn't it still be an interesting book? unfortunately those of you who hope to find a decent crime story will be disappointed big time as well. the detective aspect is so simple it could be told in less than 100 pages. on top of that the solution to the crime is so simple that after the first clue you know who the murderer is - and wonder why you need to go through over 200 pages to find out officially...conclusion:.if you are a psychologist and/or like in-depth character studies this is exactly the right book for you..but for those of you who like fast-paced stories, ample twist and turns, surprises, action, thrilling developments and/or elaborate detective stories this book will be an absolute waste of your time. please do not come anyway near it. watch the movie instead - this way you will see some really great actors and are over with it in 2 hours
i must have missed something.i was really looking forward to both the book and the movie. unfortunately i think both are very much overrated. character development is non-existent. we're supposed to believe that the haunted, passive, timid character dave was an all-star shortstop in high school? the book had a great premise and good beginning, but went nowhere interesting. the handling of dave's character relies on cliche and we never really get insight into the book's most intriguing character.
new age religion in the guise of christianity.don't be misled.  because thomas berry is promoted as a catholic priest, many people are falsely led to believe that his books present catholic or christian teaching about the environment.  instead, this book presents a new age blend of do-it-yourself religion mixed with pseudo-science.  if you're into that, you'll probably like this book..
don't waste your money.do not, i repeat do not buy this book, brian kilcommons and sarah wilson are both complete idiots. we used this book as a reference when we bought our bichon frise, what a mistake. in the book it states a bichon can be a 9-5 dog so we bought one. bichons are extremely hard to housebreak,all the book says is they 'can' be hard to housebreak. this book has cost us hundreds of dollars. we ended up giving our dog away tonight because we could not get it potty trained and after further research found out that bichons do not like to be left home alone. the book also says that a shih tzu is a nine to five dog but after researching that breed they also do not like to be home alone all day. these two authors need to find a different line of work because they are complete idiots when it comes to dogs. thanks brian and sarah for writing such a crappy book!
get it from the library instead!.i sure am glad i did not waste my money on this book. the author had very few good things to say about any of the breeds. this book had so little information on my breed of choice, though it was seen on the cover, that it was a total waste of my time. it almost seemed as though the book was written to turn people off to getting any type of dog at all! lots of negatives about the breeds, not alot of positives. alot of generalizations
average romance novel.i'm a nora roberts fan, so picking up a book of hers to read is something i look forward to. after reading "born in fire", i was eager to find out what kind of romance the cool and collected brianna would find in "born in ice"...brianna is a young woman who is uncomfortable with conflict, and because she grew up in a household where her fiery sister maggie and embittered mom maeve were always battling, she developed the ability to keep a calm facade in the face of a storm. she has done a good job of disciplining her emotions to the point where they can't create further conflict, even if she burns with anger inside. she's very family oriented and longs for a husband and family of her own. after being jilted weeks before her wedding a decade before the timing of the story, she thinks she'll never have what she dreams of...she owns a bed and breakfast in a small town in ireland where she is the perfect hostess. she's always hospitable to her guests. she's a gifted artist in both the kitchen and garden, two places she loves to be. although she's surrounded by folks who love her, she's still lonely...and then comes grayson, the american writer who pops in for a couple of months to write a novel as inspired by the scenery and ambience of ireland. he's one who lives in the moment, ignoring his past and unwilling to plan the future because of the commitment and responsibilities such an action would create...the characters compliment each other well. they're both generous and both suffering from childhoods where they didn't feel loved. she's comfortable with the idea of laying down roots but he's not. that's where the conflict comes to play...and that's kinda where i've got a problem with the book. this is supposed to be a guy who doesn't want emotional ties, yet early in the book he's already willingly becoming emotionally attached to her. there simply wasn't enough resistance from him for me to believe he was really afraid of settling down. there was very little if any sexual tension here, and not enough situations to warrant sexual tension. a couple of encounters of kissing and then they were in bed. and even then, it seemed like he wasn't really fighting himself for being there. there simply wasn't enough of an inner conflict within him. it all seemed like lukewarm resistance...and brianna was simply a saint. i would have liked to see her emote a little more. i understand that she was written to be an ice princess of sorts, but i don't think roberts did a good job of depicting her as a character who was a carefully contained boiler. at times i found it difficult to believe brianna could exhibit any kind of real passion with grayson...there were alot of slow moments in the book that made me wishing i was already near the end. i will say that the ending was sweet. also, it was great seeing how the relationship of maggie and rogan progressed from "born in fire"...i'd recommend this book to anyone who likes reading about the vividness of a writer's imagination, as roberts did a great job with grayson in that respect. however, if you're looking for a "can't put down" romance novel, this ain't it
not  worth the effort....i really wanted this book to be good. it had the right setting: ireland. the right pairing: a skillful, self-confident woman and a tormented man, who is a writer (very interesting to me as that's my profession.) it also seemed to have the right author: nora roberts. but these three things didn't gel for me. i was bored by the third chapter and ended up skimming the rest of the book. brianna's character doesn't hold interest, grayson is just plain annoying (i would have kicked him back out into the rain) and not romantic at all. none of the romantic spark and unique nature of ireland comes through in this book. when nora roberts is on, she's really on. when she's off, you get quot;born in ice.quot
didn't enjoy, but can appreciate.this novel was very frustrating for me because i just could not connect with the main character, sam.  i found him attention starved and annoying.  although the author did an excellent job at portraying the character of sam, i have a hard time getting engaged in a novel if i can't connect to the characters...also, if you are looking for a happy, complete novel i would not recommend this one.  it will leave you lost and dissatisfied
much to be desired.i know a lot of people have written some really rave reviews about this book, but personally think this book sucked out loud.  the only reason the book could have possibly won the  lambda literary award for 2004 is that it must have been the only gay novel released that year...the book is filled with poor editing, continuity and spelling errors.  i was actually onboard and ready to forgive all of this until i hit part three of the novel.  at this point the character of sam becomes so infuriating that if the reader could slap him, they should.  in the beginning of the novel, his apparent obsession with clay can be written off as teenage angst and "first love" syndrome.  when part three rolls around, this spirals into a level of obsessive delusion that would warrant the kid being placed on lithium and into long term therapy.  the fact that the adult characters in the book actually let this dramatic overnight flip-out slide as if nothing is wrong shows mastbaum's inability to ground his book in any form of reality, creating a world seemingly devoid of any real consequence.  the last chapters were very strained and seemed like little more than a mad dash to end the book...i wanted to like the book, i really did.  but i just can't recommend it to anyone as a good read.  the back cover bills it as "a gay catcher in the rye" which is a terrible, terrible comparison.  the works of j.d. salinger are my particular focus in american literature and a gay catcher this piece is not.  there are so many more books about similar situations that are just much better
wretched writing.an poorly written portrayal of life on oahu involving a 17 year old gay, conflicted surfer and his neurotic, obsessive 16 year old hopeful friend (?), this book drags us into the terminally boring life of teenage oahu.  full of shallow character development, cliches, plus narrative and dialogue that is painful, this book deserves the bottom of the the gay adolescent book pile.  for those teenagers that resonate with this book and its characters, take a very hard look in the mirror.  if this is life, god, any god, help us all.
the cgi/perl cookbook.the scripts are buggy and don't even work out of the box and they certainly aren't well written enough for a production website. the contact email address in them bounces, perhaps the author's gone into hiding in shame...on the plus point they do give some ideas on what could be done to improve a site, as long as you write your own perl
there are errors and other complexities involved..the programs are not really quot;ready-to-run.quot; they are not quot;ready-to-use.quot; programming is required, because there are bugs in html documents and scripts that must be corrected. the book is a good resource of information for people who want to study and learn and troubleshoot and learn perl, because it is possible to get the scripts to work if the troubleshooter does not give up until they get things to work satisfactorily. i believe that it is practically impossible for a person to use these scripts without having some experience with perl and cgi and html. the book has a lot of good explanations of code, which i find helpful and useful. i can't blame anyone for selling the book in the way it is sold. salesmen sell the book. programmers who successfully learn, don't give up when things don't work easily. this is book for beginning programmers
don't judge a book by its cover.this book is basically a poor product that has been successfully sold. it is terrible. it is a lie! on the back of my book it says quot;jazz up your site with 20 exclusive, ready-to-use professional cgi scripts and subroutines--no programming required!quot; it is sold as if it will satisfy the needs of people who do not understand perl, while it is almost impossible for it to satisfy anyone, as it is. hours and hours of troubleshooting and trying to figure out what is wrong is part of what you will get from this book. if you survive through that part of it, you will probably learn that it would be easier for you to learn perl enough to do things in your own way. buy another book. find another way
myths?  more like facts to me.myth #1: american women live under patriarchy..myth # 2: america's the world's leading threat to the environment..myth # 3: america is a racist nation..myth # 4: the untied states is an imperial power...myth # 5: the rich get richer, the poor get poorer..all facts...plus, the higher the iq the more liberal someone is. ben franklin, einstein, our founding forefathers like thomas jefferson...all liberals. the lower the iq the more conservative because it is easier to not think for yourself..i love america, but changes need to be made..rome fell too eventually from bad politics
tripe.if you're looking for a book to convince you or remind you that the left is evil/pathetic/wrong/or whatever look elsewhere.  flynn does a poor job of fact finding or arguing his point.  he relies on, for example, what are apparently random people he interviewed at protests to create a blanket view of liberal beliefs.  look at the footnotes in chapter 4.  i'm sorry but this is like looking for a leno's jaywalking segment to find spokespeople for a movement...also in chapter 4, flynn lays out the 5 myths of the left.  does the left actually believe them?  as a bleeding heart liberal who knows mostly other bleeding heart liberals i'll give my response:..1)	american women live under a patriarchy - his point is that women in america are better off than just about anywhere else.  true, but that doesn't mean they don't live under a patriarchy..2)	america is the world's leading threat to the environment - his point is that places like russia and china are far worse.  no one i know disagrees with his point..3)	america is a racist nation - his point is that we are not.  i don't know any liberals who think america is a racist nation.4)	the united states is an imperial power - as this was published in 2002 i'll abstain from commenting other than to say that he says the left believes that the international growth of starbucks, mcdonalds and such is cultural imperialism.  i think many liberals would agree with that.  he says most of the countries embrace these companies opening stores in them.  i say that doesn't mean its not cultural imperialism..5)	the rich get richer, the poor get poorer.  his argument is apparently that individuals who were in the lowest 20% of the income bracket in 1979 were mostly not in 1988.  he cites and article in the national review where these numbers came from.  that article sites a treasury department survey.  so he's relying on secondary sources for his information?  looks like shoddy research to me...the book is riddled with problems.  for example, on pg. 31 he quotes robert altman as saying that we were in a way for afghani oil interests.  flynn then says that its not clear who altman was referring to or why he would say that about a country without major oil reserves.  here flynn misses a perfect opportunity to attack a widely held liberal belief that bush attacked afghanistan for a potential pipeline that could be used to get oil out of central asian countries.  he doesn't though.  he lets it lie.  this is the nature of my problem with him.  again and again his attacks are inept or simply untrue...reading his summary of why the left hates america is just tripe.  no one i know thinks like this.  he says we believe capitalism is a failed economic system.  i don't know anyone who believes this.  personally, i believe in universal healthcare but that's primarily because i've dealt with hmo's before.  he also says the left condemn christianity as intolerant.  once again, no one i know believes this.  this book is full on nonsense.
how about why conservatives hate america.the book does nothing but make a lie of itself. there's no leftwinger that hates america contrary to what rightwing propagandists try to tell you. you can't keep complaining about michael moore and dan rather for being dishonest while at the same time trying to defend nazis such as rush limbaugh and dan flynn. folks, you cannot complain about the left hating america when the undeniable reality is the rightwing engaging in unilateral economic disarmament and allowing china and other facist and communist nations to control america's economy and pretty much everything else of it
disappointing.unless you're into spamming folks, who filter out junk mail anyway, you won't find much value in this book. each chapter has some hypster claiming wild successes from their email (spam) campaign in order to get recognition (and thus advertise to the reader).
excellent book for the authors marketing each others stuff.will you learn anything? yes, dont buy another book like this and waste your money! every chapter is one ad after another
too good to be true.if something seems too good to be true, it usually is.  that's the case with this book as well.  it seems that all of these authors in this book are continualy trying to sell each others products.  no real practical advice is given.  they suggest making money by building a huge mailing list and selling products to the reciepient through emails.  first of all, how do we build this magical list, and secondly, who enjoys receiving spam of any kind these days.  let's call a spade a spade.  the only ones getting rich off this book are the authors
a waste of money.a waste of money and time.information so general that only a abolute beginner can use it.so called expert tips are common knowledge...tips for a succesful email...1 be responsive to customers tip2 be honest all times,tip3test tip4 have a good mailinglist tip4 have a good offer or quality product.....well well that's great news. this book is a recyling of the recycling of the recycling....you can easly see the book has been made in a few day
don't bother with this one....stale, painfully obvious information from the so-called internet gurus. full of "what-to-do" instead of the more useful "how-to-do" information. if you really must get this type of info, go to the authors' websites. it's just get rich on the internet by telling others how to get rich on the internet. for beginners in ecommerce, there's very little in the way of detailed step-by-step instructions. for people with more experience, there's nothing new here, just a compilation of articles with the author's website address at the end of each one where you can actually buy the information they're telling you about
i would like a different ending....i didnt think the book was bad until the further i got.  i could understand why rose decided to leave california.  i was glad that she decided to keep the baby.  even when she married son i thought for sure that she would finally grow to love someone, including her daughter.  the fact that she remained so flat and uncaring really bothered me.  i would have loved to see thomas show up with no warning and finally see all the truth come out and see some resolution for all the caracters that rose touched.  i almost felt that patchett lost her steam, and found it easier to let rose disappear and end the book than to deal with what was really happening.  at the very least, i would have liked an explanation from rose at the end as to why once a again she couldnt stay and deal.  as far as being a saint, i didnt see any redeeming quality about rose for that kind of title.  it was frustrating and disappointing.  its the kind of book that leaves a bad taste in your mouth
ridiculous book.everyone loves rose, the first narrator of this story and the central character in the book.  her mother loves her, her first husband, sister evangeline, her best friend, her second husband, and her daughter.  the only people with any real reason to love this woman are her mother and daughter, both of whome she abandons completely to work as a cook in an unwed mother's home for almost no pay for 15 years without a vacation or ever having dinner at home alone with her family.  she is completely unlovable in that the only feeling she ever expresses is toward her mother.  she says she misses her everyday.  so why does she never go back to see her before she dies?  why does she never share with her the granddaughter that she took away from her?  rose's idea of fun is to drive aimlessly, rent a hotel room on the coast, sit on the bed for five minutes, and drive all night to be home to the husband she doesn't love by morning.  it's idiotic.  apparently this episode was so much fun to rose that 15 years after it happened she relates it to her daughter as oh yes, it was so much fun.  sounds like a blast.  she can't even carry on a conversation, much less show any tenderness or affection.  it makes the people around her who love her so much seem ridiculous.  son can barely stand to go into the kitchen at st. elizabeth's after she leaves because he misses her so much, even though she never considered his feelings at all when she named her child cecelia against his wishes because it held such a painful memory for him, and when she left him to go live by herself in the small cottage.  also sister evangeline confides in cecelia that she misses rose so much she can hardly bear it.  why?  she was a humorless, inconsiderate (to put it mildly), cold-hearted bore.  cecelia is the only one totally frustrated by her mother, as she should be, but even she accepts her behavior in the end.  it was a well written book that you thought might lead somewhere but went absolutely nowhere, like rose.  when she leaves you wonder what new relationships is she striking up that she could not care less about now?  i won't read bel canto or the magician's assistant.  this book was foolish in the extreme and completely pointless
why do people love it?.this book got great reviews and was recommended to me by someone whose taste i trust, but i've got to say, i just don't understand its appeal.  it starts out as mildly intriguing, and some of the scenes with the unwed mothers in the first section are evocative, but the lovably twinkly and clairvoyant old nun is just too saccharine to bear, and the narrator of the middle section, salt-of-the-earth gardener son, is not only too good to be true, he's also deathly boring--a dull-witted drone.  i've read bel canto and the patron saint of liars only confirms my belief that ann patchett's novels are overrated.
ken starr, another rightwing hack masking bush/cheney !!!.let's see. ken starr wastes the public money attacking bill clinton with false accusations while at the same time siding with kon-servative mitch mcconnel of ky to allow for more corrupt campaigns as if there aren't any already !!! this book is a perfect tool for neconservative nazis to enjoy and drool over but is otherwise useless trash for the rest of us who are already facing mass destruction by bush/cheney/rove/delay and gop with of course a spineless opposition that barely got together to defend clinton but easily caved into and defended bush the liar-in-chief !
a repeat of the other two books - little help for those who need alignment.if you are a cio, head of hr, or other so called "support" function looking for help on how to align with the business, this is not the book for you...my suggestion is to skip this book, or if you must check it out of the library or buy it used.  the book you want is kaplan and norton's first book called "the balanced scorecard" which is very good and is just repeated in this book.  next i would purchase the hbr article on strategy maps (september 2000). those two works cover all of what is in this book and they have a stronger implementation flavor...alignment is a persistent issue facing every organization and operating unit with the organization.  this book does not provide the practical or actionable advice needed to give business leaders the tools and techniques need to make progress in this critical area...if you want to know why please read on...kaplan and norton are the undisputed masters of issues related to scorecards and their ideas in that area are used by leading organizations everywhere with great success.  unfortunately as they have tried to expand beyond scorecards there work in this area (this book and the strategy-focused organization) have not come near the mark in my opinion...alignment is a critical issue in today's dynamic and changing environment.  unfortunately the authors approach alignment in a very simplistic way: create a strategy map, then create a scorecard and you will get alignment.  sorry but just using these two tools do not cut it to handle such a tough issue and this book shows it...like "the strategy focused organization" kaplan and norton seek to use case studies to help illustrate their points.  for that they are to be commended.  however, the case studies they use are very shallow, read more like corporate press releases and product testimonials.  that is a shame and a real weakness of this book as alignment is a complex issue and simply saying 'we sat down created a balanced score card and a strategy map and we were aligned' does not address the issues nor provide insight for the reader...the reason for such a low score on this book is the lack of help it provides the people who most are in need of alignment cios, hr and to some extent finance.  kaplan and norton dedicate chapter 5 to "aligning support functions" and right away you know the mindset they are applying...for k and n, alignment is a process of completing their deliverables and they treat it, hr, finance and any other support function as "staffed with expert specialists whose culture is quite different from that of managers in line operating units.  consequently, support groups frequently become isolated from the line organization ... executives of business units accuse them of living in hq based silos and being incapable of responding to local operating needs." (page 120)..their solution for it, hr and finance alignment puts these organizations back into the 1960's as they advise these functions to read the business strategy map and scorecard and then create your own - separate but not equal - scorecard based on the services you can provide.  that works if all you want it and hr to do is provide basic services, but if you want to gain competitive advantage, or if you are a cio, hr or cfo who wants to link into and align with the business this approach puts you at arms length and something apart...kaplan and norton should know better and more importantly i have to believe that there are case studies that do not treat it, hr and finance as support functions but integral parts of the business strategy.  the fact that they could not find these cases where there is one strategy map that the whole company could align around, give the impression that they are looking at the issue of alignment with the wrong lens.
not-so-wildlife.at 163 pages, "wildlife" is more of a novella than anything else and about as dry as the scorched montana landscape.  the biggest problem is not so much the story, but the way the story is told.  in some cases, the impersonal first-person narrator works, as in "the great gatsby", but in others like "wildlife" or "a prayer for owen meaney", the narrator is such a nonentity that they don't add anything to the story and act only as a buffer that prevents the audience from really getting to know the other, more important characters...the story, if you don't know, is that when narrator joe's father loses his job as a golf instructor, he goes into the forest to help fight a wildfire.  while he's gone, joe's mother has a fling with an older local businessman, warren miller, but whether this was already going on before joe finds out is unclear.  when joe's father returns from the fire, his mother moves out for a while.  and that's it...in this case joe (complete with dull name) has no friends, no ambitions, and few (if any) opinions to share.  he's no one i could ever care about, because his only function seems to be as a recording device to report the activities of his parents to us readers.  the parents, as though aware of this, speak in an unnatural way to always indicate to us what they are feeling or thinking.  it's the problem i've had with all of ford's books, including the pulitzer-winning "independence day".  some writers are able to write convincing dialogue and others (like ford) are not...it's hard to say much about "wildlife" because there's so little to it.  there's not a lot of action, drama, or passion and the story itself isn't much that we haven't already seen before.  again, the story told through joe the buffer keeps us from really learning anything about the characters and that prevents us from feeling sympathetic towards their plight.  it's hard to feel sorry even for poor joe, because he's so without distinguishing features to his personality...i've said this before about similar cases of first-person stories using a bland narrator--which always prompts other people to reach for the "not helpful" button--and that is that the story would have been more interesting either in first-person focusing on one of the parents or in third-person and focusing on both, so that we weren't so buffered from everything.  what makes ford's bascombe novels "the sportswriter" and "independence day" so much better than his other novels is that we learn just about everything about frank bascombe and he is the center of all the action of the story, so that even if he is emotionally detached, it's easier to feel sympathetic towards him as a reader.  this can't be said for this dry little book...if i hadn't bought this book for about as little as you can realistically pay without stealing it and if it were longer, then i would give it 1-star for wasting my time and money.  but i'll give it a bonus star for not wasting either one.  now go reach for the not helpful button, i command you
disappointing.i was never drawn into the story.  the writing and editing could have been better.  the distant narrator left me feeling uninvolved, and i never felt or cared anything for the characters.  for a well-written vietnam story that draws the reader in, read the proud bastards
uncomfortable.that's how i felt the whole time i was reading this book. i loved the sixth sense, really liked unbreakable, sorta liked signs, and hated the village. when lady in the water came out, i really didn't have any desire to see it. however, when i saw this book in the library, i have to admit that i was intrigued. as a writer, i'm always curious as to how others go through the writing process. what drives them? a peek into a creative mind like shyamalan's was too much too resist...i  wish i had...others have written that shyamalan comes off as egocentric. i didn't get that sense so much. he's a visionary who couldn't get everyone to buy into his vision. whether or not his vision was one worth pursuing . . . well, i think anyone who reads this book or sees the movie will know how to answer that...however, the problem for me wasn't the subject. it was the author. bamberger was simply not the right person to pen this tale. i really don't know much about the makings of a hollywood blockbuster, and apparently, neither does bamberger. he provides little or no insights throughout the text. i think that a good, seasoned writer could have done something with this story. instead, we got 270-some pages of nothing special...after reading this book, i went back and read roger ebert's review of lady in the water. he wrote something in there that was interesting. he said the movie was all tell and no show. i felt the book was much the same way. bamberger continually tries to get away with just telling us the facts, as opposed to showing us how the story unfolded. as a result, the narrative is dry, and incredibly uninteresting, considering the subject matter...all in all, i'd definitely pass on this book
all for nothing....the writing of this book is about as readable as a poor issue of sports illustrated, the book tied in with the release of the movie which was a flop and now warners wants their money back, so as both a media tie in book, and the movie, and the film maker who made it, everyone came out looking like fools
uninspired tale of  a boy wonder gone astray.reading the other reviews, i see some people are so admiring of m. night shyamalan that anything he writes or directs is a work of creative genius. no doubt shyamalan is talented but maybe his fame and fortune came too soon to keep his ego in check. i know some of the people mentioned in the book and was curious how their interactions with shyamalan would be portrayed. shyamalan is his own number one fan and he has no patience for anyone who disagrees with him or critizes his work. he has had a few successful movies and believes all studio executives should trust in him completely. i was amazed that shyamalan approved of the book since it shows so much of his darker side. shyamalan sets his own rules. he can feels he has the right to demand a certain salary but then feels  betrayed by an actress who asks for more than the sag minimum he has offered her. he loves his family yet doesn't seem to accept that a film executive can break his rules by placing her family above work. the book is worth a read if you are a shyaman fan or wonder what led up to the disaster that became lady in the water. there is no doubt that m. night shyamalan is a rare talent with new ideas. it is only his ego that stands in his way of even great succes
made me feel.icky.  i like mns.  a lot.  i like the things he says in interviews, i like his movies.  i don't think they are perfect, but they speak to me.  this book, while an interesting and easy read, is not fun.  i can't imagine that he would like how he is depicted in it....he hasn't really publicly commented on it, other than to say the author had his full support.  i don't know--it just seemed a weird portrait of someone...it seemed over-dramatic and vanity fair article-esque.  or like confessions of a shopaholic.  ew.  i don't know what mns is really like or if bamberger interpreted things accurately.  i just try to remember that everyone perceives situations differently..[...
a tough read.bought it for school.  enjoyed the other books i bought, but this one put me to sleep.  written more for a professional academic or corporate board member (i enjoy much more pragmatic books)
run from the fork!  run from the fork!.how many pages should a writer fill to explain that a character is afraid of forks, knives and mirrors?  two?  well koontz takes over a hundred, and repeats, repeats, repeats.  500 pages should have been cut from this book.  repetition weakens writing
700+ pages of reader suffering.this novel started out pretty good in that i didn't know where koontz was going with martie's panic attacks and fear of herself.  it seemed to take forever for anything to actually happen. the antagonist was a caricature.  so over-the-top, it was a job getting through each page. if this had been my first koontz novel, i probably wouldn't bother with a second.
not what i thought.as a student starting law school i thought that this book would give me an advantage in my legal research and writing class, boy was  wrong... the book is full of useful information but none that realy pertains to law student. it is however, very basic in its approach and gives you a good start, so it is not a total waste.., the subtitle says that the book is for "non-lawyers", as if somewhere out there is a person who is not a lawyer and finds legal research fun. my recomendation is, that if you want a brief explanation of legal research and how to do it so that you are not totaly lost when you start law school this is a good book, but if you need it for some legal purpose and you are not a law student call a lawyer, trust me it is well worth the fees. among the books flaws is that it tells you where to go to get the information but neglects to tell you that the resources they list, in the case of lexis-nexis and west law require very expensive memberships and that most law schools restrict the use of their law library to students in their law school and do not even allow students from the affiliated university to use the law library, as the law students in attendence at the law school require all of the resources of the library and legal librarian ad nauseum and outsiders are most unwelcome.
not helpful if you are look ing for serious solutions.this book is a collection of q amp; a's where donaldson responds to people who ask her advice about their particular dog problems. although some generalizations can be made from the problems included, it's hard to know how to generalize--i.e. whether and how a suggestion given to one owner makes sense in your own case. this means that this book is at best marginally useful for people who want and need detailed advice on how to reform their dog's behaviour. if you have a serious problem, don't look for reliable solutions in this book of anecdotes
just another clown posing as a cop..now where's the old john stossel who stood up for consumers against sleazy scams perpatrated by corrupt businesses? guess he thought it's better to steal all the taxpayer money than to fight for taxpayer justice. for all his ramblings in this book, he might as well blabber on the emmy awards and get lost ! let's see how this clown fares when the public lion wakes up and tears his ligaments to shreds
big talk big deal..for all the talk stossel makes about how he exposed all that he claims to hate, he grants himself a nice big fat deal of a job at abc. the only reason stossel switched from liberal to libertarian was his opportunistic behavior. for all that he claimed to expose, it was the ordinary folks doing it for him while he stole the credit. stossel would be better off exposing fundamentalists in the arab world if he cared to prove himself worth anything other than a pile of dirt talking dirt
so how did he bust them? why, he joined them of course !.of course stossel can talk big about busting them "liberals" but his book makes no sense about it because he admits that he never intended to bust them but instead join them. ever wonder why abc hires such kooks while rejecting talented youths? ever wonder why stossel says that the best way to punish them elites is to give them more tax breaks? this and his other book make even horse manure smell not as bad
if he couldn't beat them, he joined them..first he says he cracked down on all those "liberals" but yet he admits to loving their evil ways. if this is as wishy washy as he can get, no wonder he and sam donaldson get along ! you can't expect to be credible if on the one hand you attack them but on the other hand enjoy a nice and cushiony rich job offer from these same "liberal media". if he were working as a farmer in idaho for instance, he'd have more credibility but i'm not so sure stossel says what he means
the world is flat.it is juust a copy of the frist book. if you read the frist the world is flat, then don't waste your time..jo
not worth the money.just not funny, i returned the book and got my money back
thin characterization.i agree with one the comments posted below. the main problem with this book is mitch is a totally one-dimensional character and it's impossible to find any depth in him. over the course of the book he doesn't change, he's unsympathetic, and by the time we've reached page 500, we don't know anything more about him than we did on page 10. i found myself dying to get to the end of this book, just so i could start another book with some substance and some well-drawn characters...another major problem is that most of the characters in this book use the same wise-cracking speaking style so there is no sense of the characters being different from each other in any way...overall, i thought this was mediocre and a bit of a waste of time
the ultimate in selfishness.so, poor brooke shields felt unhappy? so what? is she unaware of the billions of people on this planet who live desparate lives of real poverty, who watch their children die of preventable diseases or starvation? is she unaware of all the babies who die from malnutrition and malaria every year? and all she can do is sit in her mansion and feel sorry for herself. of all the times in one's life, the time you are needed most is when you are a mother who has just had a baby, yet still she couldn't feel her own baby's love for her. how pathetic..i think she'd have soon changed her tune had she been marooned on a desert island after a plane crash, and she realised she could die any moment. people get 'depressed' because they spend too much time thinking, and thinking about themselves. don't these pathetic people have anything better to do with their lives? think of all the suffering she could prevent if she used her fame and money to do so..she should read "stop thinking and start living"
not well written.i've heard good things about this book so i was honestly expecting to like it.  however i really was disappointed and surprised because after the third chapter the book gets boring and very repetitive.  and because it was written by brooke shields, the book sold.  but really, if an unknown wrote this book it would not have gone anywhere...i also got the feeling that because brooke shields suffered ppd, she thought it is was so almighty important that she needed to write a book about it.  i'm sorry but i don't think that a person who goes through depression for only a few months has suffered all that much.  there are unfortunately millions of people who are poor, without health insurance, and worse without support of family and friends, that keep their depression going on for years and years and their entire lives are destroyed by this illness.  no one cares about them.  that is the saddest fact about depression in this country...however brooke shields had millions of dollars to pay for help, a famous name that allowed her to write a book all about it, a career that people would die for (her lack of talent doesn't seem to have affected her career much), and most importantly a husband and friends to help her out.  she also had a doctor calling her every day which i've never heard of before!  try being without all those things when you're suffering depression.  trying to beat depression without love and resources is like trying to drive a nail into a board with a feather.  i was a bit annoyed that brooke shields was oblivious to all this in her book...and tom cruise only brought more attention to the book with his rant about medications.  i admire tom cruise - he is certainly far more talented than brooke and i believe his comments about her career angered her more than anything.  however he is not a doctor and he does not know what he is talking about!!!!..the book's writing is very mediocre and the people who buy the book live under very different circumstances than the author, so it's hard to get much out of it.  this book only sold because it was about brooke shields
toxic psyachiatry is toxic for parents of the mentally ill.i was going to assign this book to my students in my abnormal psychology class... the first chapter is powerful and true. however, this author irresponsibly attacks the parents of the mentally ill as responsible for their children's illnesses!!!! he also attacks nami, the national association of the mentally ill, an organization that has helped more mentally ill patients recover, find support and their way to a successful and meaningful life, and has truly educated more people about mental illness than breggin has ever done himself, i am sure. the good points the book makes about inadequate and even harmful psychiatric care in mental institutions are, in my opinion, obfuscated by his unwarranted attacks on parents -- attacks, i believe, that may be a result of his old-fashioned psychoanalytical training
a psychiatric patient's viewpoint.having suffered 2 major depressive episodes in the last 6 years, i can assure those who swallow breggin's nonsense hook, line and sinker that nobody could have "talked" me back to anything resembling "health."  the mental anguish i suffered during those episodes was unbearable and waiting for a quack like breggin to use psychoanalysis or some other form of talk therapy to provide any relief would have taken far too long.  financial and insurance considerations aside, talk therapies alone are simply too slow to achieve positive results...no doubt pharmaceutical companies often drive treatment trends in a highly questionable manner both via perks to md-psychiatrists and (the increasingly obnoxious) practice of direct advertising of prescription drugs to the public.  nevertheless, anti-depressants, anti-psychotics, anti-anxiety meds and sleep aids help relieve the suffering quickly, which is what medicine should be all about, not ideology...only one of breggin's points is valid, and that is the disturbing trend for nearly all md-psychiatrists to focus on psycho-pharmacology to the exclusion of psychotherapy.  the current treatment model has the patient seeing a psychiatrist for meds management typically quarterly while also seeing a psychologist for psychotherapy anywhere from weekly to monthly.  it would seem that "one stop shopping" would not only make things more convenient for patients, but competence in multiple therapies would also make for a more effective and insightful professional.  use meds to stablize the patient and minimize the suffering, then pursue cognitive and other talk therapies to provide coping skills and attack the environmental and experiential contributors to the disease.
this man doesn't see patients....do any of you positive reviewer even know that "dr." breggin doesn't even see patients anymore? that in nearly 2 years all he has done has traveled the country to testify in courts against psychiatrists? that is, in states which haven't yet discredited him for being biased and unscientific. i find it amazing that a man who hasn't treated a psychiatrist patient in years can write a book so skewed and wrong that it can endanged the public and still be published. what bothers me more is that people think he's correct. modern medicine does not know the reason that the pancreas produces less insulin than normal, they only know that it does, so maybe diabetics should stop taking insulin and try to figure out if they were raised improperly by their mothers. sound crazy? of course, but this is the message that he's advocating. he should be ashamed of himself. he is not a real doctor and should return his diploma. edit: 12/21/05---take about misunderstanding...karellen's comments above are typical of those attacking something they know little about, making me wonder if karellen believes in aliens like tom cruise. i said nothing about when the book was written and that is irrelevant to the point of the review which is that breggin's opinions are so biased that he has been discredited by state courts in this country. i was trying to avoid posting websites, but since you posted one i'll post one too: http://www.quackwatch.org/11ind/breggin.htm
flawed philosophical rhetoric.as a behavioural neuroscientist i was appalled by the extreme and unscientific rhetoric expressed by this individual. the fear-mongering nature of this read provides an extremely biased point-of-view by throwing psychiatric techniques at the reader that are either out-of-date or have been changed to better the patient(s) involved. a mental state is a direct result of a particular brain state, and therefore, a disturbed continual mental state creating dysfunction in the individual must be a result of altered neurochemicals and must be corrected through proper medications. if the author knew anything of neuroscience and psychiatry he would understand that medications and psychotherapy are the best combination, and not one alone
mean, poor writing and an ill effort to fulfill 300 pages....first let it be said that this book leads you to believe that he hikes the whole trail... he does not. he hikes less than a third. you dont find this out until 2/3 through the book, which is right about when the book goes from passibly bad, to an ill effort to fulfill a contract...my conclusion on this book is that he was contracted to hike the trail by his publisher, could not, and stuffed the remainder of the book with verbatum history lessions and whole cloth inserts of useless statistics...as others have said in this review forum. this book can be snide, highschoolish and down right mean. i fail to see the "wit" in his endless negitivity and bashing...this book has a few funny parts, but i cant help but feel that it is a huge exageration of real events, and is mostly contrived fictional accounts which he uses to air is nasty comments. it is so unbelievible in places, that you know you are on an imagined tangent...dont waste your money or time. i am so happy i bought it for 25 cents at a yard sale!
elitist and arrogant: :part 2.r. stockwell was right on in his review. bryson comes off as a spoiled hypocrite in this book, constantly sprinkling on virtually every other page his disdain for anyone not as educated as himself. his favorite targets are southern whites. a typical description is " ...loony hillbillies destabilized by gross quantities of impure corn liquor and generations of profoundly unbiblical sex." !!! how would a reviewer (of the nyt, for example) respond to a travelogue of our inner cities by some ruralista who describes inner-city youths as "... crazed blacks destabilized by gross quantities of crack and generations profoundly obsessed with having sex with a white woman."  --- neither of these passages are acceptable but bryson belongs to that ilk who's motto is: "bigotry for me but not for thee." bytw, his earlier book, "lost continent" is even more egregious with his kind of self-righteousness.  it's a shame he tarnishes himself and his writing with this kind of stuff.
no flash in this pan.this book won't turn me off to jp, who i admire very much for his style of cooking and pleasant personality; but the book was a bit boring.  once i gleaned the book, my usual "how can i decide what to cook first?" didn't hit me.  i picked up the book again with the same results -- just not enough inspiring stuff there.  i haven't looked at the book since; so i can't even say this or that recipe was lackluster.  i only remember my response to the book.  it wan't the 'fast food' concept either because everyone needs quick recipes in the cooking repertoire.  i cook a lot.  i'm not a cookbook collector; my cookbooks are stained and tattered.  i'm afraid "fast food my way" will remain in pristine condition until i can give it to someone who will assign it more value than i can.  each book i have on the shelf has to carry its weight or it's off to the pantry -- my culinary siberia for cookbooks -- where this cookbook now resides.  for some reason i found jp cooking from this book on tv much more pleasurable than entertaining the idea of cooking from this cookbook.
don't buy this book!.if you're going to read one of the great classics of literature-and you should-don't pick up this edition.  it is a reprint of a version that dates back to the 1870s and was exposed more than 40 years ago for cutting nearly one-quarter of verne's story and mistranslating much of the remainder.  its reappearance in this edition is all the more amazing considering tor's status as a leading science fiction publisher, and the company's willingness to perpetrate this fraud on is many readers is truly stunning.  if you want to truly get to know verne's novel, pick up the elegant naval institute press edition, in a modern, complete, updated translation, with commentary by the leading american verne expert today, walter james miller.  that book also comes with many of the artistic engravings that illustrated the original french first edition (no illustrations are to be found in the bn mercier reprint).  less attractive but more academic is the oxford classics version of twenty thousand leagues.  this review is posted on behalf of the north american jules verne society by jean-michel margot, president najvs
story after story....there are a few interesting nuggest in the first few pages and then story, after story, after story.  there's no doubt that their agency is successful but please present some principles and not story, after story, after story..
i should have watched the movie.i had to read this book for school. i thought i would love it, but it turns out i was wrong. this book was mind numbing. it is drawn out and boring. i almost threw the book away and rented the movie. i should have. this books sucks. don't waste your time reading it
my rage.how awful was this book. i had more questions than answers. talk about speculations, and what ending. i wrote the author because i was hoping he could help me clear up some questions i had. he did respond - "i don't discuss my books". therefore, i will no longer buy and/or read his books. that is my own rage
reviews by nan kilar and bobby miller.randolph (rand) duchay and troy turner, both age thirteen, kidnap and kill a two-year-old girl after trying to get her to puff on a cigarette and drink some beer. big surprise--she gagged, cried and fussed. psychologist alex delaware was asked by the judge to evaluate each kid and submit his opinion to the judge as to whether they should be tried as juveniles or adults. they're tried and sent off to separate youth detention centers. troy is dead six weeks later. rand gets out at age 20 and is dead three days later. however, hours before his death, he called delaware, asking to meet with him. alex and his police friend, homicide detective milo sturgis, begin investigating rand's murder. the investigation leads them to all sorts of crazy people, relationships and situations...i've enjoyed mr. k's past books; but lately he seems to be avoiding the suspense factor in his stories. this book leaves a few loose ends and alex's love life up in the air.
pure pain.this was my first reading of a kellerman novel, though i'd obviously heard about him for years. i can't imagine a read much more painful than this novel. he is the king of what writers call talking heads, just pages and pages of dialogue that go nowhere. he also loves convenience, an absolute deal killer in mystery and suspense. the characters delaware interviews protest for a few sentences then suddenly realize they better help him. and then there are the pages and pages and pages where he and milo have to have impossibly mundane dialogue so the author can tell you how the mystery is unfolding...because nothing in the material leads to any mystery of merit. it's also amazing that kellerman is a psychologist and his character is one as well, and yet so often it is other characters pointing out what even amateur phsychologists or observers of human beings would know. if this is, as the jacket says, "one of the world's most popular authors", i need to go in search of the worst sellers.
sick  twisted.i wish i could give this zero stars.  it is a very dark book and i can't imagine why anyone would write, publish, gift it, or read it.  there is so much good literature written why do we lower ourselves to this junk?  garbage in garbage out!
more colonel and less general.i have read many books on wwii from many perspectives and have been to visit the d-day beaches four times. i cannot visit the american graves in normandy without being moved. twice i have had the experience of hearing taps played near omaha beach. i have the utmost respect for all those who fought and died. i had high expectations for the book. my problem is that the book never finds its voice. at times it is the four star general writing with his perspective of high and at other times it is the young colonel leading his men. i wanted to hear more from this man. just as he starts to share, the general leaps in and throws off the narrative. let the colonel talk about his artillery missions and show me more of how his experience was different. (a few photos and maps would be nice). if the general needs to talk, give him a separate chapter at the end of the book. we hear from the privates and generals but not the majors and colonels. their voices could add to the history. i wish the colonel would have spoken for them
disappointing.i was thinking negative thoughts waiting for the book to advise me on positive thoughts.
what a waste of $$!!!.i did not even finish this!!... i have no idea what this book was trying to get across... i give bono credit for the hard work he is doing for aids but i do not understand where or what this conversation???  was all about...sorry bono, i am a big fan of your music, but this book was so confusing and not at all enlightening
read clayton christensen's books instead.this book covers much of the same ground that clayton christensen explored in his three revolutionary books: the innovator's dilemma, the innovator's solution, and seeing what's next. truthfully, those books do a far superior job of explaining the dynamics of innovation in comparison to the performance of this book. utterback does have very insightful comments on the standardization of product design, but outside of that section, the book is not particularly exemplary. for those interested in mastering the art of innovation, the game begins and ends with clayton christensen
zero starts not an option unfortunately.the author should be sued for deception.  the biggest blunder i've ever made was buying this book
gee, much of this seems like i've read it before........because i have! in his book on acc basketball. in some cases, he  didn't change a word....just repeated the same anecdotes. i am really glad that i didn't pay for this book because i would have been really angry about re-reading old material...if you like reading about acc basketball, and you haven't read feinstein's verrrry similar book, you will probably like it...if you like reading about big east basketball when you're not reading about acc basketball...you might like it...if you think that the basketball universe is bigger than the acc, the big east, and feinstein's apparent obsession with bob knight, save your money for another book...it's too bad, really. feinstein is a good writer. i guess the big buckets of cash he gets from each book he writes has finally caused him to lower his standards
where's the fact checker?  nit-worthy at best.i've only read the first 70 pages or so, but agree with others that this is repetitious.  you better love the acc, because it's mostly about those teams.  and ucla...and the errors.  clearly the author was trying to churn out two books at once (the other being on the nfl ravens), and it shows...1) coach krybaby is "his" introduction says scott may broke his leg at indiana, and that cost them the national championship in 1975.  and k was an assistant to bobby knight.  well, actually may broke his arm against purdue in february 1975.  arm, leg, what's the difference, right????..2) author says michigan state beat penn by 32 in the 1979 semis.  actually it was 34 points (101-67). and penn had beaten unc earlier.  and unc had beaten msu by 1 early in the regular season when magic johnson (as dean smith points out in the book) had eight turnovers.  that's all well and good, but the latter game also was infamous for when one of the tar heel radio guys said, "magic johnson is no phil ford."  and msu fans couldn't agree more.  ain't that the truth!!!..all in all, this book is highly disappointing.  a slap-dash effort at best.
he almost had me convinced..de soto's work was viewed by economists, historians, and politicians alike as breakthrough.  he gives us an in-depth look at the lima's informal sector and postulates, much to the satisfaction of his washington, d.c.  bankroll, that peruvians are bursting to embrace democracy and market  capitalism.  unfortunately, he has twisted peru's real scenario to reflect  what washington wants to hear.  in reality, lima's informal sector is  merely a way for a depraved population to survive, not a radical shift  toward capitalism.  de soto's institue for liberty and democracy was funded  almost in full by washington, and the man himself has spent more time in  the u.s. than in peru.  this book leans more toward american propaganda  than objective analysis.  an interesting read, but only with abundant  grains of salt
a huge disapointment.this was a waste of money, i bought wolters gun dog afterwards and it made this video look even worse...if you are interested in this video let me know and i will send it to you for free
before you read the reviews look at the section above called "customers who viewed this book also viewed"  you will gain insigh.this book was written ( i bet)by unpaid graduate assistants. i borrowed it from the library to read before mr fukuyama's arrival to speak at a university..the book was "written to order" to appeal to american conservatives. if mr fukuyama had really wanted to write about the construction/maintenance/increasing/decreasing of trust he could not have pointedly ignored the european union. nations and peoples with a thousand or more years of organised warfare are now at peace and trying to work together now that's an exercise in trust building..i asked mr fukuyama why, as the book doesn't have america in the title, did he only mention distrust in medieval italy and not the phenominal trust required to bring germans, brits and the french together. his reply "oh .. people always want me to talk about their country. next question." well!.....i feel that this book is a dis service to americans because as with so many political/cultural and economic books from the usa what is left out of the book adds to the hurly burly spiral of disinformation accepted as the truth about the world by many americans and esp. uncrital conservatives. i am, of course by my own reckoning, a conservative - a mixed economy democratic christian from the u.k.(ok ok new labour) so i am not hostile to the us, but this type of book and the supportive reviews sadden me. good luck america and please read wider and travel
racism and religious bigotry masquerading as science.fukuyama trots out stereotypes that he must have picked up at his japanese-protestant father's knee, under a thick veneer of impenetrable sociological jargon that can fool the occasional reader into believing that this is an impartial scientist at work. like all stereotypes, fukuyama's are a blend of breathtaking overgeneralizations, and huge blind spots. and, like all stereotypes, they are utter nonsense...the book attempts to update max weber's "protestant ethic" story to include some non-christian societies. the basic argument of the book is that catholics are unable to trust people outside their immediate family, and so unable to form associations that are not based on family ties. the same is true of the chinese, claims fukuyama. these are the catholics of the orient...the japanese and protestants are able to transcend family ties and therefore form a vast range of associations that do not have a genetic basis, especially large professionally managed corporations...the feckless catholics and chinese however are doomed to form business enterprises that can never be more than over-grown mom and pop operations. fukuyama therefore has a gloomy prognosis for the economic miracles of china or taiwan or singapore--however brilliant a businessman pop may be, sooner or later descendants like paris hilton will be running the show...there is an interesting chapter on korea, where fukuyama is at pains to show that however like wannabe japanese/protestants korean business organizations may seem, they are really chinese/catholic at heart...the book's thesis is obvious nonsense. dramatic counter-examples exist, such as the chinese communist party or the jesuits. also, the broad idea that catholicism or chinese-ness contributes to poverty lacks a statistical basis...i saw a recent article about thousands of japanese orphans in china who were taken in and looked after by chinese families after japan's world war ii defeat. rather surprising behavior in this "low-trust" society! perhaps these chinese had been somewhat civilized by the high-trust ways of the occupying japanese
ok book about a very bad man..kofi annan is a sick man and a dangerous one at that.  kofi annan: the peacekeeper is ironic in that annan has been indirectly and directly responsible for the deaths of many people due his being asleep at the wheel at the un, support for arafar, etc...jeff jacoby recently wrote that he is basically a symptom of un's sickness.  jacoby noted that just last week, annan  woke up to a wall street journal column by glenn harlan reynolds, publisher of the influential instapundit website, urging that he be replaced by vaclav havel, the much-admired former president of the czech republic...in the new york times, op-ed eminence william safire reviewed the revelations that link the massive oil-for-food scandal to annan's own family: until this year, his son kojo was getting monthly payments from a firm that had a major oil-for-food contract with the un -- even though he'd left the company in 1998. the corruption enveloping the un will not begin to dissipate, safire wrote, until annan resigns, "having, through initial ineptitude and final obstructionism, brought dishonor on the secretariat of the united nations."..meanwhile, the latest national review was out, with its cover photo of annan and the headline, in large red letters: "you're fired!" an editorial inside insisted that "annan should either resign, if he is honorable, or be removed, if he is not," while an essay by nile gardiner, a former aide to british prime minister margaret thatcher, explained why "kofi's hour is up." with his record, gardiner observed, "if annan were the ceo of a fortune 500 company . . . he would have been forced to resign months ago."..on wednesday came another call for annan's ouster, this one from the chairman of the senate's permanent subcommittee on investigations, which has amassed evidence that saddam hussein used stolen oil-for-food dollars to underwrite terrorism and suborn at least one senior un official. it is "abundantly clear" that kofi annan should resign, senator norm coleman said. "as long as mr. annan remains in charge, the world will never be able to learn the full extent of the bribes, kickbacks, and under-the-table payments that took place under the un's collective nose."..but odds are the world won't much care about getting to the bottom of the latest un scandal. un scandals rarely provoke lasting outrage. there was no global uproar when the brutal regime in libya was chosen to chair the un's human rights commission. nothing happened to the un after its troops allowed serbs to slaughter 8,000 muslim men and boys in the "safe haven" of srebrenica. sex scandals seem to erupt wherever the un goes -- the latest involves charges of rape, child abuse, and prostitution by un personnel in the congo -- but they never cause heads to roll in turtle bay. annan himself became secretary general despite his failure, when he headed the un's peacekeeping operations, to pay attention to warnings of genocide in rwanda...why should anything be different this time? oil-for-food may be the greatest international rip-off of modern times, it may have strengthened one of the world's bloodiest dictators, but if history is any guide, the scandal headlines will fade from view long before the secretary general does. by week's end, in fact, dozens of governments, including all the permanent members of the security council save the united states, had publicly rallied to annan's support. scandal or no scandal, he will almost certainly serve out the remaining two years of his term...which is just as well. annan is merely a symptom of the un's sickness, not the cause of it. his resignation would do nothing to reform the un into the engine of peace and liberty its founders envisioned. better that annan remain in place as a symbol of un fecklessness and failure, and a spur to those who can envision something better...the un is a corrupt institution, one that long ago squandered whatever moral legitimacy it had. the un's founding documents venerate justice and human rights, but for the past 40 years, the organization has been dominated by a bloc of states -- essentially the afro-asian third world -- most of whose governments routinely pervert justice and violate human rights...inside the united nations, there is no difference between a dictatorship or a democracy: each gets exactly one vote in the general assembly. the reason the un indulges vicious regimes like those in north korea, syria, and cuba is that they are members in good standing, and most other governments lack the courage to cross them. the un cannot be fixed unless that changes -- and that isn't going to change...kofi is a bad man
plainy implausible.plain truth, set in lancaster county, pennsylvania, would be better entitled, fancy lies. an eighteen-year-old plain woman wakes up with labor pains, gives birth in a calving pen, cuts the umbilical cord and prays, "lord, please make this go away." when she awakens and the baby is no longer with her, she whispers, "denke," and goes on with her day. later, after the deceased body of an infant is found and the police are called to investigate, she tells them "i didn't have a baby," as blood trickles down her leg. without providing spoilers, two (of many) implausible situations follow. first, two women, one old, one young, both separately become pregnant through one act of intercourse, defying the odds of fertility. second, a criminal defense attorney who made a name for herself getting an acquittal for an elementary school principal who molested six students is actually very maternal and willingly leaves big city life with a boyfriend of eight years to live on an electricity-free farm out of the kindness of her heart. in summary, a two-page italicized section mid-book along with the first and last chapters provide enough details of the basic plot to save the reader from 400 implausible pages. those interested in reading just one book by jodi picoult should choose my sister's keeper. chris bohjalian's midwives is better.
this book is going in my "garage sale" pile..i will not be passing it on to a friend.  the ending left me irritated; why should i close a book with questions in my head?  i will not buy another picoult book.  i felt "snookered" by keeping faith and now i have been fooled twice...i have to say i did enjoy the book up until the ending, but the hannah ghost plot was unfulfilled and i was surprised to find out in the middle of the book that ellie had short hair.  why didn't i know that before?  obviously, the characters would have benefited from better descriptions.
not worth the time.the writing is pedestrian and the plot makes no sense.  i thought something might change, that it might become an interesting ghost story, or there might be moral issues, or maybe even a character would grow or change.  the heavy-handed ending is, perhaps, intended to demonstrate how the intense oppression and suppression of women in amish culture forces them to violence against their loved ones...but that's a pretty heavy message for a book that seems full of meaninglessness.  are we supposed to take everything that ellie says about the amish in court (peaceful, gentle, incapable of murder, loving, child-centric, willing to accept an out-of-wedlock child into the community) as lies?  the ending belongs to a much darker book.  my biggest complaint though is the bad writing and editing, i kept stumbling over inconsistencies and that always inhibits my enjoyment of a story.
plain bad.this was my first time reading a jodi picoult book and i really don't think i will attempt another one.  the plain truth was painfully long, boring and repetitive.  every character was annoying and unbelievable - especially ellie and katie ( the main two). i kept waiting for a great twist with the ghost of hannah but it never came.  just some added supernatural of no revelance thrown in.  the beginning is the only part of the book i found interesting....it went downhill ( extremely slowly) after that.
okay; but not great..after reading five of her novels, i have become a fan of jodi picoult. i will admit (and this probably proves that i am a sucker for marketing rather than letting the literature speak for itself) that i've deliberately read all of her best sellers before reading the books that didn't make it on the list...initially i liked the book and it kept me reading, though maybe just out of habit. i enjoyed reading about the amish way of life and the amish traditions - though it did make me think of that harrison ford movie, witness (circa 1989 or something). i like that she used one first person voice as well as the third person narrative in a well crafted and varied way..i like that her main character has a powerful job that challenges gender stereotypes by being the morally questionable lawyer. that being said, she doesn't explore this as well as she could. we sort of forget that ellie has blatantly suppressed evidence and watched as little girls saw their rapist acquitted. rape, she can defend, but infanticide creates some problems for the notorious defense attorney...something about the book bothered me. maybe i am reading too many of her books too fast but i am seeing a formula here..- many of her plots include a court room drama..- all of her plots feature romance or end with the obvious potential for one..- mothers and their powerful (all encompassing, self-sacrificing) love for their children are a theme in all of her books i've read..- there is usually a "twist" at the end. she's becoming koontz like in her formulaic predictability and i stopped reading his novels as a teenager...most of her books left me content, like i'd eaten a good, hearty meal. however, this book left me hungry and searching for critical reviews to see if others shared my dissatisfaction...so:.- i was unimpressed with the "twist" at the end of this one - i knew "whodunit" about 1/2 of the way through. i was getting bored with that part of the story. the red herrings are too obvious and her suggestions that katie didn't do it were there from the beginning. she should've stopped the heavy handed attempt to make us question that and just made it known through the 3 person narrative exactly who did the killing or hiding. then she could have explored that character in depth instead of hiding her and others she wanted you to be suspicious about. just because we, the readers knew, didn't mean that ellie had to know - or anyone else for that matter...- the characters in this novel were a tad generic. i am sorry, i like her, but they were boring...for instance, i was bored with ellie's dilemma over coop - to the point where i often skipped the interaction they had when they discussed their potential future together. duh, i knew they were going to get together after a little drama from ellie through which coop - being the quintessential "sensitive ponytail guy" - would wait, albeit in pain. it was just too predictable...hannah's ghost; she has a ghost hunter in a later novel and i was a disappointed to see another one. but other than that, hannah's ghost seems a bizarre and meaningless addition. is it to suggest that she, katie, might be crazy and a murderer? is it to explain why she was so drawn to adam? katie being the good amish girl could only fall for someone who could share her secret ability to see her sister... in a book that is so amishly pragmatic and logical in every other way makes it so the supernatural element clashes with the rest of the novel. maybe hannah's ghost killed katie's baby or hid it...i liked the details. the amish and their daily lives, those who assimilate and those who don't, and how the religion and way of life affect one's thinking offers a neat, un-scholarly insight into a different culture. i liked the culture clashes and i wondered how they would be resolved. but what i did like, doesn't measure against my dissatisfaction...my most recent book purchase included three works of fiction; two by picoult and one by atwood. i think i'll shelve the unread picoult for a while. i'll have some time to forget her modus operandi. i'll read the atwood and then i'll buy a book by a different author
a long book that seems to get longer as you read it.the relationships between the various characters weren't convincing and i failed to connect to the main character, lottie, at all.  the book seemed to ramble on, and didn't catch my interest.  there were a few parts where the action picks up, but they were like tiny islands surrounded by a vast ocean of blandness
hated most of the characters....all the characters in this book were shallow, selfish and boring. the writing was good but i could not relate to nor sympathize with any of the characters
nora roberts has an off day.this is my 3rd nora roberts book.  i've read the first 2 in the 3 sisters trilogy, and decided to read chesapeake blue while i (very eagerly) await face the fire in the mail.  perhaps i was spoiled by the characters, the conflicts, and the love stories in 3 sisters, but this book pales in comparison...the quinns are meant to be a family whose perfect and deep love for one another is tempered by a course and affectionate manly banter.  sort of like 7th heaven meets a beer commercial.  anyways, seth is supremely talented, handsome, kind, and sizzling in the sack; in other words, a stock nora roberts male character.  alas, he is also entirely thick-headed, vain, and has the mental processes of a mule when faced with his "problem", which he only exacerbates over the course of the book.  so he has a floozy of a mother who blackmails him into huge sums of money on pain of, what, her leaking a story to the press which, once she removes all the parts that reflect poorly on her, would be about 2 sentences long?  and, he can't tell his troubles to his family that he loves "so" much?  i mean, i wouldn't tell cam anything myself, because he seems to deal with every moment of emotion by pitching someone off the end of a pier in a fit of manly love.  but anna and the rest seem like good candidates for a chat...finally, drusilla.  first, the name makes her sound like a villian in a disney movie.  second, she is flat as a pancake, and i would pay for problems like hers.  at the very end, she exhibits a spark of life, and sort of morphs into another stock nora roberts stock character: the sassy, smart, no-nonsense, gal who steps up to defend her man.  which, i like that character...in my limited experience, nora roberts writes female friendships and falling in love brilliantly, but her male friendships need a few less put-downs and jaws clenched to supress brotherly emotion.  and, i agree with the other reviewers who wanted seth to end up with aubrey.
the book felt more like the author was forced to write this book.why is it ever time you want something bad enough it usually turns out bad? after the wonderful quinn trilogy fans (including me) begged and begged for nora roberts to write seth's story. after all we journeyed with seth through we wanted to see him fall in love. nora roberts repeatedly said she would not write one. but us fans kept on begging for it and were excited when she finally gave in and wrote it. and we got chesapeake blue. reading it you know you should be grateful because you wanted seth's story but....this wasn't what i (and my fellow nr fans friends) wanted. first of all i wanted the heroine to be aubrey. after their beautiful friendship in the quinn trilogy i expected her to be seth's love interest. but i tried to keep an open mind after all i loved anna, grace, and sybill, but dru whitcomb banks was a completely let down. all she did was whine and complain about her life which were minor compared to what cam, ethan, philip, and seth experienced as children. seth becoming an artist was a surprise too i expected him to join the family business and design boats. the gloria blackmailing him was a very thin and bad plotline. there's no reason gloria would want to contact him considering all the warrents for her and that seth wouldn't tell his family considering the quinn brothers (and wives)worked their so hard to keep him away from her. i closed this book vowing never to request, beg or petition an author to write a book when they say they don't want to. because this is what you get
too blue.i'm embarassed that i read this all the way through. the language/expletives passing for literature and dialogue were an early turnoff. i don't live with people who talk like that, and i don't understand the purpose: "sophistication"? to my mind, the characters were not enhanced nor the plot forwarded by the way the book was loaded with @%#*s.
only because i paid for it..i more or less forced myself to read the entire book because there were some great anecdotes and also several nodes of connectivity where someone famous first got their start working with some of the other persons mentioned in its pages...but the factual detail and the amount of time spent on uninteresting background and financial dealings made for slow reading.  i really wasn't all that interested in the various ownership deals between the principals of the story.  too much blah, blah, blah and not enough sizzle...by the second half of the book i was skimming the pages trying to find something/anything interesting to keep me engaged.  i'm donating this along with a bunch of other books that i've read, to a local shelter.
the elephant in the capitalist room.let me see if i have got this right? the only way to organize the economy is the capitalist way? that way we all gain? ok the bosses of nike, mcdonalds, and wal-mart will gain a bit more than us ordinary folk, but our little boats will rise with the flowing tide?..sounds good: who would want to be the party pooper?!..well someone's got to be, and for the simple reason that we don't live on a planet the size of jupiter...the oil's finite: we know that but can't be bothered to act on it. even the supply of water is turning out to be finite: the south east of england is on a collision course between an expanding population and a diminishing supply of water. ok, they could ship it in from the rest of the uk where there's no problem, but for reasons that don't quite add up that's not possible. it's not the corporate solution, if you will forgive the pun...has it occurred to anyone, i wonder, if it's capitalist-driven growth which is at the heart of the upcoming problems? yes, i know marx and stalin don't offer any fixes, but at some point along the way the problem is going to have to be faced: growth is going to wind-down whether we like it or not.
several important points, but de soto oversells and is mind-numbingly repetitive.de soto fundamentally argues that the reason poor countries are poor is because they have bad property rights: it's incredibly difficult for poor people (specifically, recent urban migrants) to get legal title to their land. as a result, the poor make "extralegal" arrangements, squatting on and using land that neighbors (but not the government) recognize as theirs. but because they don't own the land, they can't get a mortgage on their house to start a business, electricity and water companies are less likely to reliably provide services, the government has difficulty taxing them because they don't have a legal address, and so on. and so on...it's a very important point but de soto oversells, arguing with exaggerated (and oft-repeated) ideological claims but weak empirical evidence that solving this problem will actually enrich the poor...he occasionally shares insights from his interesting field work. for example, he has helped businesses in peru to navigate the overwhelming bureaucracy and become legal, and he has found that most businesses would rather be legal and pay taxes than be illegal and pay bribes: a useful bit of empirical information, but those gems appear all too occasionally...before reading this entire book, i recommend going to the website of de soto's foundation (the institute for liberty and democracy at www.ild.org.pe) and reading the main point there (in one tenth the words)
too long.a much condensed version would have helped but still would not have been a good story.  the end was a disappointment and the middle laborious
dull.i truly expected more from this but from beginning to end it seemed trite, unconvincing and entirely too derivative.  the characters fall flat and the writing is simplistic.  at least it is short
blah.this is my first book by this author, and i honestly feel like i might like the story after-the-fact, if the author didn't ruin all the punchlines in the book. the fact that he felt the need to explain away every twist in the plot made me feel like i was being beat over the head with a "did you get it?" stick. i also thought he was over-doing the fairytale theme, with the swirly chapter pages and obligatory detail that had zero quirks
racist through and through.wolfe hero worships the irish, and all others rank below them...the irish detective martin, das fitzgibbon and caughey can do no wrong. the italians, jews and wasps have their good points, but are flawed in one way or another. at the bottom are the "dark people" as wolfe constantly calls them, who have created a great, dark hole in our once-great society. there is the single exception that proves the rule of the black public defender, though the narrative implies that his legal skills are inferior...granted it's an entertaining read, but don't be fooled
maybe i just don't get it.i didn't understand why so many people liked this book many years ago when i read it, and i don't understand it any better today.  a lot of people said they thought it showed a good perspective of the corporate climate of the eighties, but that was only a tiny part of the novel.  stick to liar's poker or bombardiers for a better look...most of this novel is taken up by a ridiculous crime story.  there is not a single sympathetic character, so it is like spending however many hours in a room full of highly unpleasant people.  not only are they un-likeable, they are also unrealistic and they make unbelieveable decisions.  the young, energetic stock trader who is all charm and confidence in one scene is suddenly socially awkward and unpopular in another scene.  the smart, tough lawyer sends his client off to a romantic tryst wearing a wire, even though any idiot would know the chances of his taking off his shirt would be very high.  other characters are just caricatures: the overzealous civil-rights activist; the arrogant cop; etc...i seem to be in the minority, but i thought this book was dismal.  tom wolfe should stick to non-fiction, which he does well
wish i could demand a refund!.this book is nothing more than a bunch of nonsense. it contains endless statements making no sense. i was truly looking forward to a book that would be a refreshing alternative to most pop-psychology that's on the market. instead i got a text that was written by someone who couldn't think. it was full of illogical, unsupported statements and arguments. if i could, i would demand my money back i'm that upset with my purchase.i definitely would not recommend this book to anyone who has any ability to think whatsoever
not at all what i expected.while the writing was acceptable, i felt that the juxtaposition of the classes in this novel was very forced.  the differnce between the classes is too obvious.  the contrast between the rich world (the students in the wilcox school and the cornhills) and the streets of london (and isa's forced marriage to the grocer, and mrs. cornhill's predictable and obvious snobbery) was not one that led me to feel any of the injustice.  i was left cold by the overall plot.  one thing that truly bothered me was the fate of mr. cornhill and isa.  i felt that the way it happened in the book left something to be desired, and was not in true bronte style.  the characters and their development also left something to be desired.  they were too predictable at times, and mr. ellin was just annoying.  there were few occasions when i sympathized with any character, other than isa (and only at certain points in the plot). there was nothing spectacular about this novel, though i won't discourage anyone from reading it.  it was fast paced and it did hold my interest.
nothing to care about.having read and enjoyed the author's young adult book hoot, and looking for a light adult read, i picked up this book which has the reputation of being funny and light.  frankly, it was both of thos things, but within a hundred pages, it became eminently easy to put down.  i enoy a diversion reading book periodically, and have some adult writers that meet those needs, thomas perry and harold adams to name two.  this one didn't make it for me.  it seemed to be a lot of: given a hurricane, one darn thing after another for a group of characters i didn't care enough about to see if they ever got tied together
the first hundred pages really work, but then....the kite runner gets off to such a good start, with its blend of history, observations about daily life in kaboul, and a compelling story of two boys growing up together. the second half goes badly astray, as the novel becomes more and more manipulative and sentimental. by the end of the book, the author is willing to put his characters through all sorts of hell just so he can follow up with a teary reconciliation. i wish an editor had convinced him to tighten it up, stay focused, and resist the urge to tug at the heartstrings with such a heavy hand
more about sex than identity.i found the parts of the book about the flexbility of identity and race interesting.  the boy liquidly moves through the novel adapting to new classes, races and environments.  he demonstrates the poignant struggle to be oneself and part of one's culture and the simultaneous desire to be "other".  however, this book/narrator/author is fixated on sex.  the boy's life seems to revolve around sex more than the aforementioned issues, and the discussions about sex have absolutely no reason to be in the novel.  in fact, it draws away from the momentum.  there are parts where the narrator is describing a person in an insightful and interesting way, but then throws in a comment about the man's "pulsating bulge" or something equally ridiculous.  i don't have problems with sexuality or sexual novels, but it had absolutely no point in this book and drew away from the central issues of class and race.  and you'll notice to book is heavily discounted... hm..
starts out interesting then turns disgusting.i am not one who can't handle any sort of violence or sexual deviance. however, after half of this book i had to toss it away because there was nothing redeeming about it. every character we encounter is wicked and sexually deranged. i need a shred of hope to contine reading especially if i am to endure such explicit rape scenes. ugh
stoner does not seem to understand dating methods, etc..stoner begins by warning that unscientific books written by christians bring discredit upon christianity and drive non-christians away from the gospel. unfortunately, following this thinking, stoner may be a major culprit. he simply accepts standard uniformitarian thinking as fact. his treatment of dating methods appears to show a complete misunderstanding of them. he says, for instance, that the circular reasoning of using fossils is obviated by the fact that fossils are used for dating only when they first have been shown to agree with isotopic dates. first of all, index fossils, and the concepts behind using them, were used for over a century before isotopic dating even existed. second, one of the major ways that dating results are evaluated for presumed reliability is their agreement with relative dating based on index fossils. consequently, the circular reasoning still stands
not the whole picture.readers interested in benny morris should read israeli historian yehoshua porath's "war and remembrance" in the summer 2002 issue of azure. porath adds to the oct. 1995 and april 1990 discussions by robert satloff and shabtai teveth in middle eastern studies and to efraim karsh's  excellent book, fabricating israeli history. don't read this book without looking at these critiques...why? morris et al tell readers they have written "new" history of israel, considering the entire previous historical record as if it were solely propaganda for the zionist cause. here, morris considers jewish conduct in the 1947 and 1948, and why the arabs fled...morris claims to be the first person to have looked at israeli archives on the dalet plan, a plan to move populations in certain areas. nevertheless, other scholars show that morris and his peers in this book misrepresent themselves and the facts...firstly, yigael alon and israel galili, in the book of the palmah, gave walid khalidi material to argue in 1959 that the dalet plan was "the master plan of the zionists" to expell palestinians wholesale. furthermore, the 1973 history of the hagana (by uri millstein) included the entire dalet plan text. official or not, these 1959 and 1973 israeli jewish histories, very shortly after the the 1948 war, did not hide what happened, as morris claims here...morris also writes that arab government archives were closed to his research and and to other historians writing on the israeli-arab conflict before him. he writes that he relied on israeli and western archives. but porath, karsh, satloff and teveth all show that this is not the case...furthermore, morris did no research at the hagannah archives or those of the idf, a fact underlined by efraim karsh in 2002, and one which he admits in a more recent book (the war for palestine). morris now writes that in the mid 1980s both those archives were closed to all researchers after all. he writes, he was limited to few first-hand military materials, indicating that there is no "new" research here at all...morris' charge that israel carried out a deliberate and systematic expulsion of the palestinian arabs isn't even remotely substantiated by extensive research done since the mid 1980s. on the contrary, morris takes material very selectively, from israeli archive fringes and makes what porath terms "outrageoulsy false claims"-- that israel's victory resulted from "an imperialist conspiracy or an overwhelming advantage in manpower and arms."..indeed, morris writes here that arabs left israel because of many factors, their departure was not the fault of the jewish people alone. then, he contradicts himself, giving those who hate israel grounds to blame israel for the exodus, without considering the other circumstances...this book also details a so-called "massacre" in 1948 of arabs at the village of deir yassin, but not enough to mention that the incident was actually a battle--in which most arabs killed (like those in jenin in march and april 2002) were armed...finally, morris does not note (by comparison) other massacres in 1948--of jews, by arabs. on december 30, 1947, for example, arabs murdered some 50 jewish co-workers at the haifa refinery. on april 13, 1948, they massacred over 80 jewish doctors, nurses and hebrew university workers on mount scopus in jerusalem...additionally, nearly all of the 131 people who surrendered at the etzion bloc were also murdered by palestinian arabs. only two survived...these latter arab massacres of jews do not fit the blame that morris seeks to lay at jewish feet. nor does the fact that jews did not afterwards flee, as occurred on the arab side following the battle at deir yassin. so morris omits them...i also find it disturbing that the book nowhere mentions the equal refugee claim of 1 million jewish refugees from 22 arab nations, who were expelled with nothing but the shirts on their backs, and rebuilt their lives in israel, the u.s., and europe...the number of jewish refugees was actually larger than that of arab refugees (counting only those who fled, not their descendants). honest history would have noted these parallels as well as the entire context of the war...--alyssa a. lappe
not recommended.this book has been replaced with better, more accurate information, free of the far left-wing slant of ... morris.  i suggest prof. uri dan's excellent four volume set 'israel's war of independence' which is far more detailed and accurate than this [book]
total garbage.wow. i wish there was a way to give this steaming heap a rating of no stars. o'reilly is good at what he does and he should stick to it. fiction is clearly not his strong suit. his characters were cardboard cutouts, his dialogue stilted and ludicris, his situations cliched and riddled with stereotypes, and his schizophrenic writing veers betweeen pompous moralizing and salacious hyperventilation. reading it made me wonder just how sharp this guy's mind really is. if this trash is any indication of o'reilly's true worldview, he's a sick, sad man indeed
let's at least give a.i'm getting a little concerned about this review system because people are clearly misusing it and reports of abuse have gone ignored.  i am no fan of bill o'reilly and this novel is not the greatest, but there is no excuse for intentionally misstating the content of a book or using this space as a soapbox for irrelevant opinions...especially if, from the looks of some of these reviews, a reviewer have not actually read this book...we need to set our opinions and agendas about the author aside and review the book on its own merits...re: a previous reviewer's statement that "under aged kids are being molested in this book by sicko [...]".  the character in question was a villain who briefly appeared -- a young ghetto dealer who was having sex with a 15-year-old when the hero/vice cop apprehended him.  in fact, o'reilly is so busy preaching and pontificating in this scene that he forgets he is supposed to be telling a story: "obviously, he preferred oral sex to oral hygiene."..that's the main problem with the novel.  he doesn't understand how a story is told, and it doesn't appear that his editor exercised too much control over easily correctable gaffes.  he interrupts an arrest scene with a comment in parentheses: "homicide detectives are required to wear suits on duty".  you get the picture.  the details are not horribly original, but nothing is stolen outright that i can pinpoint.  and some scenes and subplots were actually funny.  i have a feeling it could have been a good novel with a decent amount of editing and advice...there is nothing gratuitous, [...], or intentionally [...] in this book.  it is just mediocre -- but i did stick with it to the very end.  if you like media-related mysteries or o'reilly, check it out of the library like i did.  fulfilling my curiosity about what kind of story someone with his background would tell was worth a few hours of my time.
is he kidding?.i'm hoping that most of the people who wrote these reviews didn't actually stoop so low as to buy the book.  i read a few pages of it, and this is truly 7th-8th grade level writing...i didn't realize that bill's narcissism extended to the point at which he actually thought his writing was interesting, rather than just blatantly one-sided and sickeningly arrogant.  bill should stick to repetitive, "i know better," conservative babble - it gives us liberals/radicals/freethinkers something to make fun of
sadistic fantasy of maniac/loser.bill o'reilly stole his idea for burying his enemies in the sand from twilight zone. his vision reminds me of "manhunter"-- the michael mann film not the lame book he based it on. o'reilly, tall and deformed, is the tooth-fairy. o'reilly is gutter-trash
vile as a pubic hair on a falafel.bill o'reilly ought to stick to what he does best, i.e. making harrassing phone calls and bloviating like an argumentative loudmouth in a saloon
scarier still is listening to bill read this in his own voice.i've heard this book on tape, which, poor writing aside, is more horrifying to actually hear o'reilly read in his own voice. the gratuitous sex (which can only be appreciated if you also enjoy harrassing others with phone sex and falafels) is enough to turn anyone off, but that voice narrating the suggestive scenes is waaaay too much to endure. a sad, sad example of narcissism at it's very worst
insight into tv journalism.this insight into tv journalism is about as interesting as a look into my parent's vacation to florida. o'reilly was obviously under the mistaken impression that his life in journalism and the places he traveled to were somehow fascinating enough to make into a work of fiction (or a work of anything, for that matter)..and his main character: tommy o'malley (wasn't he one of the aristocats?) about as dull and dumb as a bag of hammers (which someone ought to whack o'reilly in the groin with)..to sum up in a forthright, no-spin manner: this book sucks. i should have seen it coming, when my bid for eight dollars on ebay was the only bid for five days, and turned out to be the winning bid (though, "winning" is hardly the term i'd use after listening to this piece of garbage). since o'reilly's a fan of torture, he ought to donate this audio cd for use in interrogating prisoners, if the geneva convention will allow it
getting yours: the complete guide to govt. money.this book might be a lot more helpful if it were updated regularly. the current--third--edition is from 1986, which is ludicrous with subject matter this volatile. the content itself is a bit too brief, but would still be very helpful if it had been done some time in the last 1-5 years
keep your money.this book was not enlighting, alot of the information was out date. the phone numbers to the locations were disconected etc
worst book i've ever read.pretentious and boring, too clever for its own good, the only good chapters in this book are the ones about pontius pilate and jesus christ, and there's not enough of that...and this was the michael glenny translation
pretentious and long-winded.the alternate title of this book should have been "how to affect an air of sophistication and urbanity in several hundred pages of plodding and frankly unbelievable plotting coupled with two dimensional stereotypes so predictable in their pretentious musings"...an overly long title you might opine but surely not in light of the success of two such eloquent and verbose authors. i had hopes for these two having started with "cabinet of curiosities". their subsequent offerings flagged sequentially but i retained hope for latent talent. then this? this self-indulgent, conceited tome demonstrated a predisposition not unlike that so manifestly exhibited by the socially-upward-mobile...i am so saddened to see that some of the most lauded exponents of modern popular fiction are the likes of messrs. preston and child and perhaps the worst offender of all, dan brown
great reads ruined by horrible characters.the other reviewers will tell you about the book.  i've read most of preston and child's works, including the other two books in this trilogy, and they are a good read.  what gets very old and nauseating is the continual saps to modern feminism.  i guess it's a necessity to get published today, but you'd think that at least some male authors would get tired of grovelling just to get published.  i guess most people will sell their souls for money.  just about all the men in p and l's books are either wimps, effiminate, weak, bumbling, stupid (or liars or murderers), cry-babies, scared of their own shadows, and thoroughly unlikable (even pendergast has his moments).  the women, of course, are, without exception, tough, brilliant, shrewd, fearless, always right, on the rise to the top, always outsmarting the men, able to knock out a 7 foot, 300 pound man with a single karate chop to the neck (forgive the slight hyperbole), totally unfeminine, and just as unlikeable as the men.  the stories are very good; it's unfortunate preston and child couldn't have come up with better, more realisticly human, less insulting characters.  this slop may play in new york and california, but in texas we still want our men to be men and our women to be women...so this is just a warning.  if you're a man--and those of you who are know what i mean--you'll get sick of the characters in these books.
the members of turning pages book club suggest.....this book could have been written in 200 pages instead of 400 if james frey did not repeat himself a million times..although, the book is based on fictional characters the author could have developed the characters more by including more of the occupants from the treatment facility and told their individual stories to make the story flow and make the book more interesting instead of being so repetitive..this book however, did shed some insight on what addicts go through during detox..he could have been less descriptive in the sections where he described getting sick and throwing -up, and the very graphic descriptions he gave when taking his stitches out; even though his tactic was to show how brave he was, the reader could tell that it was all in his addictive mind!.this book would be an encouragement for someone who is an addict and need something to pull them into reality to show them that they can kick their addiction and change their life before it is too late, like it almost was for james..it was just an okay book and we hope james frey's next book will be much more interesting
discern its bs by feeling its predictability....i think if you've lived life under a rock, watched a lot of soap operas, and enjoyed life playing out in neat formulas, this book will appeal to you...it makes me angry to read this book; not because it's fiction (and i'll call it completely fictitious garbage), but because james frey tried to pass it off as nonfiction!  he writes this book with an underlying tone "i'm better than all of you."  not because he thinks aa is bs, but because this theme runs throughout his book, in so many situations, that after awhile it becomes laughable!  he prances around feeling vindicated for all of his actions and everyone else is just a plain a-hole, except his tough guy "friends."  i ask you, if leonard has such a reputation... where's his protection?  people would be after him in such a vulnerable (read: no security) place like rehab...i think if you sat back and read this book you as the reader could discern its bs by feeling its predictability.  it reminds me of a comic book where the tough guy is actually the hero who comes in to save the little people, yeah, he's got problems, but he'll prevail because he's james frey!..no thank you.  i absolutely hated this book, but i read it so i at least deserve credit for trying.
as authentic as a daytime soap opera.i'd heard the buzz (both pro and con) and thought i'd take an independent read. i was dismayed with this book..james frey has insulted anyone who has gone through a real experience with substance addiction by trivializing the truth of whatever experience he really had. one of the hardest things an addict has to grasp is the truth so that he can take ownership of his actions and take the 12 steps or whatever is necessary to save his life and often the lives of loved ones tangled up in the mess with him. lies are what enable "slips" and "enabling" and "denial" and those other catch words that describe continued misery and failure. recovery is nearly impossible without honesty. so, can we look at this man's "memoir" and expect it to offer anything of value? it's poorly constructed, repetitive, and narcisitic. even if oprah hadn't exposed him, the writing takes the tone of "whoppers" like frey's account of the drug house visit in which he "rescues" lilly. other reviewers and smoking gun have written about the fantastic episodes one by one, and i can't improve on that..suffice to say this mockery of misery and hope is no more real than a daytime soap opera.  story lines in a soap may look like real life to one who is isolated from real life, the same way a million little pieces might look to someone who has not been touched by real addiction. a real addict with typical delusion could be misdirected from a true course of treatment with tragic result..i was left with the impression he thinks institutions and people who help others with substance recovery are pitifully misdirected or inept. like a joke of some kind. i'm not laughing.
even if i didn't know this book was a farce....it would be a very irritating and unbelieveable read.  i read this book after knowing it is mostly fiction to see what all the hype was about.  the writing style of this book is annoying and difficult to read.  i ended up skipping over much of the content because it was repeated over and over.  i know this is supposed to be for emphasis, but i just found it indulgent.  the lack of correct punctuation was distracting, too.  had i read this when the book first came out, before everyone knew he lied, i would have found it hard to believe that most everyone in the book relapsed but he was completely fine without the help of aa.  although i have not attended aa or any similar support groups, i feel that this book sends a poor message to people with addictions, that they are perfectly capable to handle their recovery on their own, which in most cases i am sure they are not.  i found the other characters in the book to be much more interesting than james frey, and i can't say that i felt any amount of sympathy or connection to him as a character.  maybe that is what he wanted since he supposedly feels so horrible about himself....but i am sure that now he has made a pretty penny pimping a fake story he isn't feeling so badly anymore
boring and stupid.out of fairness, i should tell you that i didn't listen to the whole audiobook.  i got about 1/2 way though the first cd and just couldn't stand it anymore.  what i heard was boring and extremely slow moving.  it's read like a "see spot run" story for children, which makes the boring storyline even more boring and i found it to be a bit insulting.  i think an audio book of names and nummbers in the phone book would be more exciting.  maybe it gets better as it goes along, but i am not willing to endure any more to find out.
bemoaning the triumph of individualism.the authors of this book are concerned. americans aren't doing what they should.  specifically, to paraphrase former president bill clinton, they're not spending their money right.  they value things they shouldn't.  they work too much.  they own too much.  they shop at evil big box stores like wal-mart.  so, with paternalistic concern in their hearts, they have written this book to warn us that we're in need of a correction...the enemies they identify read like a laundry list of the left's archetypal villians: wealthy merchants, credit card companies, and of course ronald reagan.  along the way they disparage virtually every technological and economic innovation that has occured over the last 25 years...particularly sickening is the warm, fuzzy picture they paint of the "good old days" when most americans bought their goods from locally owned stores.  i grew up in a town identical to the one they idolize in this book.  it sucked.  all of the stores were located around the downtown square.  they closed at six o'clock or earlier.  wednesdays most didn't open at all; sunday was dead.  parking was extremely limited.  lack of selection forced consumers to go from one shop to another, often in blistering summer heat or freezing winter temperatures.  prices were high and selection limited...especially bitter are the memories i have of trying to find part-time work in these businesses while in high school.  virtually all the owners had their kids filling what few jobs existed.  being from a lower-income family i desperately needed to work to help my family out.  but i was unable to find anything in the stagnant local economy...then one day a wal-mart came to town. my mom took me there on a bright saturday morning.  she was ecstatic.  here at last was a wide variety of goods she could afford.  she didn't have to hurry to get there before the store closed at dinner time.  as for me i landed a position with the store which allowed me to contribute to the family income as well as save for college...writers of books like this one love to talk about how merchandisers like wal-mart "steamroll" over main street.  bulls***.  stores like wal-mart don't put guns to anyone's head to gain them as customers.  rather the local people look at main street with its inflated prices, inconvenient hours and parking and limited selection, and then at the new wal-mart, k-mart, home depot or whatever, and freely choose how to best spend their money.  in other words they control the way their community works.  and no one seems to mind except for a handful of elitists living in faraway places who are upset that people would rather spend less of their hard-earned money than live the rest of their lives in a norman rockwell painting...but i've saved the worst for last.  after wringing their hands for a couple hundred pages over the current state of prosperity in this country the authors outline their plan for "recovery."  guess what it consists of?  bingo!  higher taxes and more government control.  they even pull that tired old cliche out of their rectums: "we must protect the children."  not from sexual predators or terrorists, but from the local mall...my response to this 300 or so pages of hysteria: get real.  this is the 21st century.  modern technology and business innovation have given americans marvelous new options for travel, work, leisure and, yes, consumption.  in other words, our society is evolving.  the local coffeehouse now has a starbucks sign hanging in it.  main street is dead, replaced by a row of 24 hour big box stores.  spending one's life hanging out with good ol' bob and joyce from down the block has been swept away by internet chat rooms and social mobility.  most of us are happy with this arrangement.  if you aren't then that's fine, but keep your damn noses out of our business...i give this book two stars rather than one because they bring out a solitary point worth pondering: how corporations like mcdonald's deliberately market to kids, even teaching them how to bilk money out of their parents.  bravo for pointing this out!  but rather than big brother tackling this problem, how about parents grow spines, learn to say "no" and tell the companies they won't get another bloody dime until they amend their marketing practices?  that's a solution that goes unmentioned in this preachy, whiny, paternalistic volume.  in the end it's the individual, not the collective, that guides society.  let's have more celebration of individualism and less of the socialistic nonsense our oh-so-concerned authors seek to impose on us - for our own good of course.
i wonder if that soapbox is ancient-forest wood.i was very much looking forward to recieving this title from amazon.com after reading the first few pages online. and, admittedly, i did like the first few chapters; however, the tone and style of presentation changed very quickly, and became almost smug and self-aggrandizing. the authors seemed far too pleased with themselves, and, by approximately the halfway point i felt as if i were reading some kind of bizzare conservationist manifesto. i like to think - as a self-appointed conservationist and vegan - that i try to mind mother nature and all living creatures, but after i finished reading this repetitive, pedantic bore, i lost the will to care. maybe i am being too harsh, but this book seemed to peak in the first chapter; then, it became exasperatingly preachy and redundant. others liked the book, and that's fine; but i was disappointed
good book, but don't listen to the audio version..i have listened to (and enjoyed) many books on cd in the past few years.  this reader is among the worst that i've had the displeasure of hearing.  the content of this book is great, so don't get me wrong.  however, the reader makes it impossible to experience the book the way it was intended.  he pronounces many character names incorrectly, including carpathia and adbullah.  his character voices range from unconvincing to downright abrasive and/or annoying (especially carpathia's).  his voice inflection is often very wrong when reading dialogue.  he also adds pauses in the middle of sentences without any obvious reason.  these are just the most obvious and annoying problems.  there are too many to list completely here, so please trust me and avoid listening to this book
where is the glory?!.i dragged myself through every novel in this series with soap-opera like compulsion, always looking forward to the climatic appearance of our lord.  therefore, i anticipated this final novel to be glorious, as the title indicates, but i was woefully wrong.  are my expectations too lofty for the day of our coming king and his kingdom?  certainly not!..i support christian fiction with many 5 star reviews,--just look at my other reviews--but i can not recommend this series
left me empty.my kids started reading the left behind kids books, and because i was concerned about the message and theology of the books, i started reading them also.  then i decided to check out the "adult" books from the library...i am a born-again, pentacostal believer in jesus christ, and parts of the theology are not what i read in the bible.  ok.  i can stil enjoy a good book, one with interesting characters, realistic dialogue, and a good plot.  the issue of plot is difficult for the left behind books, i admit, because we know who wins if we've read the end of the new testament.  as to the rest, it fell flat.  most of the dialogue didn't ring true.  after a few of the books, i was interested in some of the characters, but by the end of the books, there were only a few of the original characters left, and they were some of the least interesting to begin with.  how many times do we have to read through the same sermons from the exact same scriptures in revelation?  how many times do they have to tell us about the almost affair that someone had back in book 1?  there is nothing new and interesting in this book. the last book is just boring...it would have been nice, at the end of the book, to wrap up everything.   jesus comes back, and everyone should be reunited at the end after the battle is over, right?  some of the characters that were important early in the books are either barely mentioned or not mentioned at all.  it was an incredible let down.  i felt like i had invested in these books only to see what life would be like for everyone after the battles are over.  nothing.  we stick with that one main guy, and everyone else is left in the dust.  it should have had a really, really happy ending, but even that was boring...if i had my time back, i would stick to the kid versions, if only to discuss theological issues with my children.  at least in the kid books, the sermons are shorter.  and i will know not to get my hopes up for happy reunions at the end of the series
why continue to be deceived....tim lahaye, jerry jenkins, and others in the pre-trib circle, such as ed hindson, tommy ice, chuck missler, etc., continue to put forth the same deceptions that hal lindsey popularized decades ago.  the notion of a pre-tribulation rapture is foreign to scripture, it is foreign to the teachings of the early church, and it is grooming the church for destruction through ignorance and lack of preparation for what is really coming.  these men are novices and not prophecy "experts" or "scholars" by any stretch of the imagination; they are those who tickle the ears of gullible christians.  why continue to be deceived?  tim cohen, in his excellent book, the antichrist and a cup of tea, provides biblically sound and testable evidence to show that the coming antichrist is known now.  not only that, the same author (tim cohen) has now put out the strongest presentation on the whole issue of the rapture ever offered to the saints of god in christ: the real rapture.  if you really want to know the truth about the timing of the coming rapture, then you need to hear tim cohen's the real rapture (based on a volume in his forthcoming "messiah, history, and the tribulation period" series (see prophecy house's web site for details on these items)
the essential agrarian reader.did not like, thought stories were full of idealistic nonsense. unrealistic options for the family farmer.
silverthorne.i hated this book. there was no point to it cept to waste pages and time reading it. this took me the longest to read and actully like.  i never got instrested in the book and there no premise to it that made me wanna read more of it.  its about arutha the new prince of korndor having to save his princess.  to me thats all you need to know.  i would really not say to read this book, but skip to a darkness at sethanon.
no where.near the level of magician apprentice and magician master, now those were awesome
oh boy, more "lets understand the terrorist" garbage.the religion of peace is at it again!  in response to the popes words, muslims all over the world respond with violence, destruction, rage, hatred, burning down buildings, burning papal effigies, issuing fatwas against the pope, and even shooting a 70 year old nun in the back.  wow, such peace from a religion of "peace".  if islam is a religion of peace, then all the guns in the world are pink flowers, and every nuclear bomb, a soft feathery pillow.  violence for words.  destruction for speech.  please!  this is a religion of war, and bereft mindless 70 year old bags like noam have begun to lose a lot of mental function with age.  this old bag of a man gives muslims free passes and blames america....question:  when will the world start holding to account the actions of muslims, and stop blaming others, such as bush, america, the pope, or god knows who else? how many more innocent people will die at the hand of muslims before the western world finally, and for the first time, holds the muslims accountable for their own actions, rather than someone else?..well im sick of the left defending this vile cesspool of islamofacism.  im tired of the leftist media beating up on israel and coming to the side of middle-eastern tyrants who shoot 70 year old nuns in the back in response to spoken words.  and then these radical leftists have the audacity blame the pope!  can you believe it?!!  yes, idiots all over the western world actually blame the pope for the mindless violence and destruction that followed from a spoken word.  its unreal!  a grown man got a gun, deliberately aimed it at a 70 year old woman's backside, and deliberately pulled the trigger, purposefully killing her in cold blood....and yet according to socialist america-hating leftists, he couldn't help it.  its not his fault...its the pope's fault guys!    respond to words with violence, and then blame the speaker, absolving the person who actually commits the violence of responsibility.  as absurd as that sounds, i'm sad to say there are actually people all over the world who think that.  and they are idiots (like noam)
chomsky is a lunatic, take with a grain of salt.i picture chomsky in a sunless, cluttered apartment full of scattered yellowing newspapers, surrounded only by walls of his own clippings.  yes, his recent writing is the result of too little exposure to the real world.  not everything is a conspiracy theory, and not all facts or events paint an overall trend or picture.  the world is too random for all similar events to be related.  but when you surround yourself with your own highlighted facts of history and dwell on them day after day trying to sell your thoughts, the result is going to be nonsense.  i respect chomsky's right to say what he thinks, and as a liberal i often find myself agreeing with him (but for vastly different reasons).  what i do not respect are those readers who take his words as gospel, when they are simply the rantings and ravings of someone who has lost touch with how the real world works.  throwing together a bunch of events across history does not make for a lucid view of how we got to the present and what to do about the current problems.  to me, he is no different from those who have assembled enough disjointed evidence as to convince themselves that 9-11 was perpetrated by the u.s. government...i am not excusing the actions of any u.s. administration, past or present.  all that i am saying is that the actions of the u.s. 10, 20, even 50 years ago bear little relation to each other or to the present.  and where they do, it is not worth arguing that it is the result of some long-term phenomenon of evil u.s. power.  the world is comprised of random actors interacting constantly, and to say that the u.s. should be able to control or foresee the future is nonsense.  all the u.s. can do is preserve and fight for its own interests, which is all that any state does...chomsky's anti-capitalist, anti-globalization, anti-aggression stance is based on an ill-conceived vision of a utopia, one far distanced from the real world in which we live.  in chomsky's world, it is possible for everyone to get along in a state of equality, and no interests ever conflict.  in the real world, interests do conflict, and equality is impossible without sacrificing absolute welfare.  while i often disagree with the chosen approach to resolving those conflicts, i at least accept that the conflict needed resolution and that doing so presented difficulties beyond the ability of a human mind to conceive.  sometimes we get it right, sometimes we don't.  but it is only a fool who would take all of the failures and weave together a story of evil intentions...that chavez would brandish chomsky's book while ranting and raving about good and evil on the floor of the u.n. shows just what company chomsky's theories find for him.  chomsky's theories could use less lofty language and more grounding on planet earth.  it is no wonder that half of the evidence provided cannot be backed up with verifiable sources
hateful garbage.this is a spiteful, hateful man who is out of his element outside of linguistics.  and he got that wrong, as well
the islamo-fascists murderers thank professor chomsky!.noam chomsky has thrived greatly in this great country of his, yours, and mine - the united states of america.  he has made millions of dollars teaching, lecturing, selling his books, and investing.  his world-wide fame in psycholinguistics is well-deserved.  his infamy is merited for his lack of loyalty to his own jewish ethnicity and the u.s., in spite of the fruits he has received by being a citizen of the united states.  he has repaid this country in bile with his incredibly biased analysis of american foreign policy.  he goes way beyond a balanced multiculturism, when he always ranks the u.s. and israel as foremost among the terrorist forces in the world now, and even in history.  his distrust of any authority, benign or otherwise, is reflected in his dogmatic and unexamined support of the "underdog," even if that underdog is a suicide bomber or a major terrorist organization such as al queda or hezbollah...yet since 1955, hypocrite chomsky has worked for the "overdog" massachusetts institute of technology, which has actively and enthusiastically participated in the development of weapons of war and mass destruction, and continues to this very day...chomsky trumps his own potential for gifted analytic objectivity with his simple hatred of the united states and the jewish state...if he were not so attached to the freedom of making money, earning the adulation of the american left, and freedom to express himself, he might be able to give more direct and personal support for our enemies and his friends by taking up residence in north korea, iran, or syria.  let us hope he retires outside of our homeland that he hates so much, the united states of america...god bless america, which will continue to give chomsky the right to speak, teach, and make lots of money...raybo
agitprop from the master himself.chomsky main failing in this work and it appears to be a recurring theme in his 40 year career as a propagandist, is he begins with a typical theory: america is bad and all that it does is bad, finds information to corroborate this through a creative process of distorting sources or failing to mention them all together, and ignoring anything that might deconstruct his theme. despite chomsky's belief that bin laden's attacks were driven by us foreign policy, all one has to do is go to the source, whom chomsky believes can be taken at his word, to realize the goals of bin laden...all actions taken by bin laden and his organization have this specific and narrow goal: to re-create the islamic caliphate that existed centuries ago and basing it on shari'a. it is driven by a chauvinistic belief that "dar es harb" does not deserve its prosperity and "dar es salam" deserves to take its rightful place of power on the world stage. realistically, the only thing standing in the way of the recreation of the caliphate is the united states and the force it can project to prevent this, and that's why bin laden believes it needs to be destroyed. one does not even have to stoop to chomsky's level of vile intellectual dishonesty to make this point, bin laden's own words are very clear on this..."the pious caliphate will start from afghanistan"..this is bin laden's reason for 9/11, everything else from the palestinian issue to iraq, to saudi arabia is a pile on to garner him mainstream support, but his core ideology a, shari'a governed islamic caliphate, is what motivates his backers, allies. and foot soldiers...chomsky confidence that he understands everything that motivated bin laden, is more a projection of his own beliefs, ideology and motivations for wanting to see america destroyed than bin laden's motivations. chomsky on september 11th is like someone who, upon hearing that reagan was shot, immediately launches into a ten-minute tirade  about the contras, cuba, palestine, vietnam (etcetera), only to be told that was all about jodie foster...his analysis, if that's what one could call this tripe, about bin laden also repeats the often told lie that bin laden was involved with the us during the 80's in afghanistan. the mujahideen were split into 6 different factions , three of which were hardliner islamists : islamic party , islamic society , islamic unity and three moderate factions : islamic revolutionary movement , national islamic front , and national liberation front . none of these factions were led by bin laden and not all them were supplied by america, the hardliners were supplied by pakistan , egypt and saudi arabia . don't believe it, look up rober fisk's interview with bin laden in 1988 where bin laden categorically denies that he took any assistance from the us during the afghan jihad...if you want to know who bin laden is read michael scheuer, if you want to know what drives him, read daniel pipes, and if you want a poor alternative for toilet paper read chomsky.
i order it but i havent got it yet.?.i havent get the book yet???? back order it is been like almost 2 months
over rated.this book is not as good as i thought it would be.  i hope i have better readings with bryan tracy's advance selling
don't buy this book!.if you're going to read one of the great classics of literature-and you should-don't pick up this edition.  it is a reprint of a version that dates back to the 1870s and was exposed more than 40 years ago for cutting nearly one-quarter of verne's story and mistranslating much of the remainder.  its reappearance in this edition is all the more amazing considering tor's status as a leading science fiction publisher, and the company's willingness to perpetrate this fraud on is many readers is truly stunning.  if you want to truly get to know verne's novel, pick up the elegant naval institute press edition, in a modern, complete, updated translation, with commentary by the leading american verne expert today, walter james miller.  that book also comes with many of the artistic engravings that illustrated the original french first edition (no illustrations are to be found in the bn mercier reprint).  less attractive but more academic is the oxford classics version of twenty thousand leagues.  this review is posted on behalf of the north american jules verne society by jean-michel margot, president najvs
impractical. over complicated!.despite the overwhelmingly positive reviews here on amazon, i really cant appreciate the value, usefulness or practicality of this book. the proposed framework, that each difficult conversation is really three (the "what happened?", the "feelings" and the "identity") conversations, is complicating rather than helping to solve the problem. you may think i am a contrarian or a poor communicator. however, with my very positive experience (and reviews) on books like "how to win friends and influence people?" by dale calegie, "get anyone to do anything and never feel powerless again" by david j. lieberman , "how to talk to anyone?" by leil lowndes and so on, i am obliged to warn potential buyers, in particular regular readers of relevant books, of a big disappointment.
maybe i'm justing getting older.i have read all of the artimis fowl books and loved them until now..i was disapointed with this one, and not found artmis unusaly irritating, but felt the whole book was the lacking the charm and wit that had made the other three so good...truth be told i was younger when i read the first three, but still i can reread them and enjoy them (as i did after reading the fourth and being very disillusioned with the whole seris) so if you want my advice then i suggst you don't buy this book and let the magic of the first three live in peace
infuriatingly narrow focus.vicky oliver is a woman, lives in new york, and works in the advertising industry. nothing wrong with any of that, except that she tends to forget that not everyone is exactly like her. the result of this is that if, like me, you are a man, live in south carolina, and borrowed this book from your local library in order to prepare for an interview for an administrative position with the state highway patrol, much of the book might as well have been written in chinese. good for urban professional women seeking executive positions, but of limited use to anyone else
don't waste your money!.this is a big disappointment! pictures are not all on one page. the animals are split in half because of this. what a dumb idea!! save your money. this book isn't worth half of what i paid
the beauty of guerrilla marketing.... the beauty is guerilla marketing falls within the standards of using multiple amazon.com accounts to create very convincing and completely flattering reviews of books so that you sell more of them...bit of paradox, be warned about books with such flawless ratings...btw i'm a marketing manager --- i eat this sort of stuff up.  in fact for *some reason* this book appeared in my search results while researching a semi-fraudulent search engine company. cheers and i'd suggest you save your cash and watch more geico commercials! =)..~tom
a real letdown from her earlier works.what has happened to sue henry?  this book is such a let down; i almost thought that she had someone else write it -- the story is flat and the sentence structures are confusing.  sorry to say that i really can't recommend this even though i wanted to
a few secrets this book left out.1- president bush is building a base on the moon as our forward post for attacking evil aliens on pluto. just today we launched a ship toward pluto to start our attack...2- a secret cabal of sceintologists have taken over the defense department and a working for donald rumsfeld who is actually l. ron hubbard come back from the dead...3- right wing activists invented alcohol and drugs through funds from jack abramoff in order to make money for tom delay's trial...4- samuel alito is actually pat robertson under a mission impossible style mask...5- edmund burke and john adams planned the jfk assination nearly 200 years before it happened and left notes in fortune cookies to tell their plans to future generations...if you believe any of the above then you will love brock's book. if not then its not the book for you
bach's is better.the reader interested in moss hart and the golden age of broadway will be much better served by going directly to steven bach's biography. brown's workmanlike tome is short on style, short on feeling for the era (something bach provides in spades), and the material from hart's diaries doesn't amount to much. compare bach's thrilling re-telling of the birth of my fair lady with brown's tepid version, to name one instance, and you'll see why bach's is by far the better book. dazzler is indeed dazzling; brown's prince does nothing to de-throne bach's definitive bio and lacks---dare i say---hart
too complex!.i'm sorry, but this book went way over my head. was this the plan, or am i just not up to all this
the wild-eyed boy from freecloud.whatsoe'er word that penrose has written, that word shall i read.  for it is my solemn duty to imbibe the ideas of another person, and come to grips with them.  this i style philosophy.  thank goodness i have rog' to "argue" for a "philosophical position."  and of course there will be lots of people arguing against him.  they will all be jostling around like stock-brokers on the floor of the exchange, waving little slips of paper, sweating, grimacing, their  faces a gray screen with hustler faces moving across it.  but lets see, let me furrow my brow and adopt a serious expression when the words "physicalism" and "mentalism" are bandied.  let me puff on my pipe and say "hmmmm" at irregular intervals.  let me hear mention of john searle with a straight face.  for this is the stuff of life.
please... leave godel alone!.godel's theorem has been entirely overused!.lets get one thing straight people: all that theorem says is that in any decently powerful formal system you are forced to decide between either have a complete but inconsistent system, or have an incomplete but consistent system!.it has no relevance to ai, so go find some other argument to bolster your bio-bigotry
an ok memoir at best.i'm a little hesitant to write a review of this book as a male reader that does not gush with positive statements about it being an affirmation of the hardships women face (same would go if i were reviewing the fear of flying or a room of one's own, both of which are far superior to this outing, although of different genres), but i'll go ahead and write one anyways. nafisi's account of her life and those of her female students during the past few troubling decades in tehran didn't provide all of the insight that many have used to champion this work. nor has she really provided any insights into the works that she uses nor many links between the relevance of these specific works with her students. i know i may get lambasted for saying so, but the memoir and literary criticism does not mesh together well and at no point do we get some semblance of true cohesion. instead, we get pockets of reflections that come out slightly forced or too general. the layers of interpretation for a character such as humbert is simplified to either he's a villian or a misunderstood villian, neither of which deals with many of the nuances nabakov has included. you would expect more from someone who teaches these works if she wants to actually flesh out some of these ideas and the relevance and impact upon her students. the strongest parts of the text lie with her description of university life and the political complexities that emerge surrounding being a literature teacher educated in the west who comes back to iran to teach. i think one of my problems was the way which the book is marketed as a celebration of sorts of the way literature is important within any context, yet the novel devolves into a simple description of the life of one brave english professor who stands up to the conservative regime and its attempts to curb access to certain books in the country. on a more stylistic level, i was slightly annoyed that the students she describes in the text, as much as she loves and cares for each of them and does try to differentiate them, actually become a massive blob without much indivuality. i had many problems picturing them and the way that they are different from one another. her husband is also described more as a shadow than anythign else, even though he does play an important role, although a subtle one in many scenes. i think i expected a lot from this novel that i couldn't get from picking up a newspaper and i didn't get much beyond that.
the crossing - a struggle across a border.the crossing by cormac mccarthy is an interesting but somewhat confusing look on the early west of america. the story begins with a father and two brothers trying to track and trap a wolf that had crossed over from mexico. the wolf is a mother and is supposedly carrying around pups with her. this part was particularly well written, but became confusing when spanish was being used heavily. in review of this part i believe that there was something deeper in the crossing of the wolf and thought of it as a metaphor to immigration issues. the short-lived story of the capture of the wolf was ended by a cleverly placed trap by one of the sons..instead of killing the wolf as some would have expected (though that would have ended the book rather abruptly) the two sons decided to return the wolf to mexico. after this happening the brothers go on various adventures including running away with a heartthrob, attempting but failing to join the u.s. army and crossing in and out of mexico a total of 3 times..this was a well written book but there were many useless characters in it that just seemed to distract you from the actual point. the over use of the spanish language confused me and would confuse anyone who doesn't speak it. i thought this book lacked motivation and suspense, but because of the author's brilliant mastery of the english language he was able to entangle me enough to finish it all the way through
the crossing - back and forth to mexico.the crossing is set in new mexico and mexico in the late 1930s, during the last days of the wild west before the onslaught of the motor car ends the frontier once and for all..the story is centred on two adolescent, monsyllabilic farmer's sons in new mexico. when a wolf comes up from mexico the farmer and his two sons decide to set traps and catch the wolf. mccarthy takes us into the mind of the wolf and an interesting, but sadly short, period of the book ends when the older son, alone, catches the wolf. here he decides, rather than kill it, to return it to mexico from where it came. when he reaches mexico he is surprised to find the mexicans don't see his generosity in quite the same light. after they commandeer the wolf and set it to fighting dogs billy shoots it, and drifts through mexico before returning home where he finds his parents murdered by horse thieves. an obvious plot at this stage would be for them to seek revenge but no. instead they become thieves themselves and we find ourselves heading back to mexico, with an unclear goal except to find their horses, a big country in which to find half a dozen horses, and our two protagonists becoming less and less likeable by the page. it is a pity that although mccarthy manages to take us into the mind of the wolf he never once reveals what the two boys are thinking, nor why. what motivates billy and boyd? for the entire book we never find out..they meet a girl in an encounter that will be confusing to anyone who does not speak fluent spanish. they also meet several mexicans, some with their parent's horses, and they reacquire some of the horses in equally confusing scenes. later boyd, the younger brother, runs off with the girl; billy returns to the usa, tries and fails to join the army (we are now in the 1940s) and so works on various ranches before returning to mexico, for the third time, to find his brother..in `the crossing' there are in fact three `crossings' into mexico, which is projected as a lawless country full of generally unpleasant people, much like the usa. in fact, through the book there are few endearing, likeable characters that the reader can actually root for; the wolf and one or two horses are the possible exceptions..much of the dialogue is in spanish and difficult to follow. mccarthy may be pleased with himself for speaking spanish but many readers of english literature do not and with so much dialogue in spanish, and untranslated, it makes the story difficult to follow..this is further aggravated by a lack of proper punctuation. mr mccarthy should remember that punctuation is something that has evolved with the english language and is there to make the language more comprehensible. to eliminate this not only distracts readers from what you are saying, but stops readers from enjoying the writing. reading a sentence of 80 words without so much as a comma is very hard work. lawyers often omit punctuation when writing a legal document to protect them legally. at times, `the crossing' was much like reading a legal document, you need to read each sentence twice to understand exactly what mccarthy is saying..yet mccarthy still gives a compelling story described in vivid locations. behind the faade of spanish dialogue, unpunctuated english and dull characters there is a powerful storyteller at work here. it is a pity he chooses two charisma free lads having a loosely connected series of mini-adventures to express himself
talk is for sissies (cm will tell you why in 300 pages).having read all the pretty horses, blood meridian, and now the crossing, i feel a little compelled to comment...i got through 3 of mccarthy's books because the writing technique is very good. the imagery of the desert and of survival is well done and vivid, and makes the flaws in the narrative easier to take, but in retrospect, this book was awful...the book should have been titled the crossings, because the protagonist puts himself through the hell of journeying into mexico three times, each time for a less compelling reason. i almost expected he'd make a fourth trip because he forgot to turn off the stove. each trip requires an extensive cataloging of the trials and tribulations of the journey, and while mccarthy's writing is good, it's not so good that tedium is avoided in the repeated trips...the 3 books i mentioned above all share a morbid fascination with mexico. mccarthy is like one of those moralists who go on and on about the decadence of pop culture, until you start to wonder whether prurience is really the motive for their obsession. for mccarthy, mexico is the land where the upright, brave and resourceful gringo confronts human weakness and cruelty, slumming among the brown people who either offer him tributes of food, or test his manly mettle with their perfidy. referring to mexico as a "negligible republic", and comments about being "nigger-rich" make mccarthy seem like the typically complacent and hypocritical citizen of a country that relies on the misery of others for its comforts and stability. a mccarthy novel would look right at home in the pocket of a ralph lauren model...another tendency of mccarthy: extended pseudo-philosophical monologues by wizened codgers. the pathetic thing is that the protagonist's response to these windy metaphysics is usually, "uh huh. well, gotta move long now."..if you have to read mccarthy, read blood meridian, and plan on skimming
too politically correct.i'm glad to see i'm not the only one to notice the anti-white preaching in this book.   not what i expected at all because this is how history is taught today and this is supposed to be an answer to that.   i was expecting to learn a lot more - most of the things mentioned i already knew.   i graduated from high school in '89 and then got a bachelor's degree from a state college that wasn't in history.   perhaps this book would be useful to those who have less education.
boring.davis's treatment repeatedly tells us how boring other histories are until we are bored with the repetition.  then he gives us the thinnest liberal telling.  white men were all bad, indians were good.  women were brave.  conservatives are anti-semites.  republicans are bad and pro business.  anti-communism was silly. and all history is filtered through the vietnam protestor's filter. mr. davis is boring and totally predictable and has sacrificed accuracy for liberal orthodoxy.  this is offensive when it neglects margaret sanger's racism, and communist depredations
an ok memoir at best.i'm a little hesitant to write a review of this book as a male reader that does not gush with positive statements about it being an affirmation of the hardships women face (same would go if i were reviewing the fear of flying or a room of one's own, both of which are far superior to this outing, although of different genres), but i'll go ahead and write one anyways. nafisi's account of her life and those of her female students during the past few troubling decades in tehran didn't provide all of the insight that many have used to champion this work. nor has she really provided any insights into the works that she uses nor many links between the relevance of these specific works with her students. i know i may get lambasted for saying so, but the memoir and literary criticism does not mesh together well and at no point do we get some semblance of true cohesion. instead, we get pockets of reflections that come out slightly forced or too general. the layers of interpretation for a character such as humbert is simplified to either he's a villian or a misunderstood villian, neither of which deals with many of the nuances nabakov has included. you would expect more from someone who teaches these works if she wants to actually flesh out some of these ideas and the relevance and impact upon her students. the strongest parts of the text lie with her description of university life and the political complexities that emerge surrounding being a literature teacher educated in the west who comes back to iran to teach. i think one of my problems was the way which the book is marketed as a celebration of sorts of the way literature is important within any context, yet the novel devolves into a simple description of the life of one brave english professor who stands up to the conservative regime and its attempts to curb access to certain books in the country. on a more stylistic level, i was slightly annoyed that the students she describes in the text, as much as she loves and cares for each of them and does try to differentiate them, actually become a massive blob without much indivuality. i had many problems picturing them and the way that they are different from one another. her husband is also described more as a shadow than anythign else, even though he does play an important role, although a subtle one in many scenes. i think i expected a lot from this novel that i couldn't get from picking up a newspaper and i didn't get much beyond that.
so why did he play without the band.the amazing part of this tragedy is that shilits was a frequent visitor to the baths he condemns in this book even after knowing he was infected and thus infected countless other humans, directly or indirectly..this book is good only if you view it as an example of someone blaming someone else for your own destructive behavior. while this book has become a major read for those who are into "victimhood" the sad truth is that shilts is far more guilty than any of those he condemns in this book because he was the one who transmitted the virus, not the owners of the baths he paid money to in order to have his night of fun and ultimate death..shilts was sick in more ways than one when he wrote this and deserves condemnation rather than praise. good night, killer.
get a better edition than this one.type smudges / translation bad / in short, a disposable boo
bad, bad, bad.who published these weak translations?  yup, they are on newsprint and get smudged immediately.  how about using real paper?  bn needs to stop thinking opportunistically and start thinking about quality
save your money: poor translations/newsprint-like book.you don't need to trust me--you can look inside the book and get a load of the first translation of the "frog king" which is unreadable.  someone just took an old translation and reprinted it on poor quality paper.  this does not do justice to the tales
very poor quality.while i'm sure the stories are great, i can't get past the poor type setting, and cheap paper which is practically newsprint. the words and illustrations bleed through from the next page making reading very difficult. and to make matters worse, the stories are set in a terrible, hard to read font and tight leading. this book is not kid-friendly at all. yuck! same is true of the hans christian andersen fairy tales by same author/publisher
i think ms. hazzard owes me an apology..the only reason i finished "the transit of venus" was the hope of any improvement.  this book took away two hours of my life-two hours that i can never earn back by reading true literature.  the story (is there a story?) is dreadful.  the sentence structures, the paragraph performances, the offered descriptions assist in one wondering if ms. hazzard is merely attempting to impress the audience with her self-perceived insights.  i will never recommend this book to any audience.  ms. hazzard and her publisher should refund my money
dangerous.zweig made his reputation as a market timer, and 2/3 of this book presents a detailed market timing model that incorporates both "money indicators" (e.g. prime rate, fed funds rate, consumer debt) and a basic momentum indicator.  the model is relatively simple and the method is clearly explained.  according to zweig's data, the system produced remarkable results up through the final revision of this book (in 1996)...but, of course, you have to wonder... the book has been revised four times since its initial publication in 1986...and yet not a single revision in the past ten years.  hmmmm...wonder why?..unfortunately, the obvious answer is the correct one.  zweig's "super model", which he touts as "the only investment model you will ever need" (yes, that's an actual chapter title), utterly failed after 1996.  some other reviewers claim to have followed the model successfully since the last edition of the book.  i don't know what numbers they're working with, but i've done the very tedious work to recreate the signals the model would have given since 1996, using only actual data available as of the date it became available, following zweig's methodology precisely, and applying it to the value line arithmetic index (a very close substitute for the proprietary benchmark he uses in the book).  from march 1996 (the last data point in the book) through june 28, 2006, the value line index produced a gain of 222.8% (buy  hold, excluding dividends).  following the zweig "super model" long-only generated a gain of 95.5% (not including interest income while in cash), and following the model long/short produced a gain of only 18.4% (yes, that's total, not annualized...).  so much for the "super model"...as for zweig's stock picking method, it's a pretty straightforward approach blending garp and momentum and is very capably summarized on aaii's excellent web site.  save yourself the time and money and just go there if you want a starting point for stock screening ideas
bemoaning the triumph of individualism.the authors of this book are concerned. americans aren't doing what they should.  specifically, to paraphrase former president bill clinton, they're not spending their money right.  they value things they shouldn't.  they work too much.  they own too much.  they shop at evil big box stores like wal-mart.  so, with paternalistic concern in their hearts, they have written this book to warn us that we're in need of a correction...the enemies they identify read like a laundry list of the left's archetypal villians: wealthy merchants, credit card companies, and of course ronald reagan.  along the way they disparage virtually every technological and economic innovation that has occured over the last 25 years...particularly sickening is the warm, fuzzy picture they paint of the "good old days" when most americans bought their goods from locally owned stores.  i grew up in a town identical to the one they idolize in this book.  it sucked.  all of the stores were located around the downtown square.  they closed at six o'clock or earlier.  wednesdays most didn't open at all; sunday was dead.  parking was extremely limited.  lack of selection forced consumers to go from one shop to another, often in blistering summer heat or freezing winter temperatures.  prices were high and selection limited...especially bitter are the memories i have of trying to find part-time work in these businesses while in high school.  virtually all the owners had their kids filling what few jobs existed.  being from a lower-income family i desperately needed to work to help my family out.  but i was unable to find anything in the stagnant local economy...then one day a wal-mart came to town. my mom took me there on a bright saturday morning.  she was ecstatic.  here at last was a wide variety of goods she could afford.  she didn't have to hurry to get there before the store closed at dinner time.  as for me i landed a position with the store which allowed me to contribute to the family income as well as save for college...writers of books like this one love to talk about how merchandisers like wal-mart "steamroll" over main street.  bulls***.  stores like wal-mart don't put guns to anyone's head to gain them as customers.  rather the local people look at main street with its inflated prices, inconvenient hours and parking and limited selection, and then at the new wal-mart, k-mart, home depot or whatever, and freely choose how to best spend their money.  in other words they control the way their community works.  and no one seems to mind except for a handful of elitists living in faraway places who are upset that people would rather spend less of their hard-earned money than live the rest of their lives in a norman rockwell painting...but i've saved the worst for last.  after wringing their hands for a couple hundred pages over the current state of prosperity in this country the authors outline their plan for "recovery."  guess what it consists of?  bingo!  higher taxes and more government control.  they even pull that tired old cliche out of their rectums: "we must protect the children."  not from sexual predators or terrorists, but from the local mall...my response to this 300 or so pages of hysteria: get real.  this is the 21st century.  modern technology and business innovation have given americans marvelous new options for travel, work, leisure and, yes, consumption.  in other words, our society is evolving.  the local coffeehouse now has a starbucks sign hanging in it.  main street is dead, replaced by a row of 24 hour big box stores.  spending one's life hanging out with good ol' bob and joyce from down the block has been swept away by internet chat rooms and social mobility.  most of us are happy with this arrangement.  if you aren't then that's fine, but keep your damn noses out of our business...i give this book two stars rather than one because they bring out a solitary point worth pondering: how corporations like mcdonald's deliberately market to kids, even teaching them how to bilk money out of their parents.  bravo for pointing this out!  but rather than big brother tackling this problem, how about parents grow spines, learn to say "no" and tell the companies they won't get another bloody dime until they amend their marketing practices?  that's a solution that goes unmentioned in this preachy, whiny, paternalistic volume.  in the end it's the individual, not the collective, that guides society.  let's have more celebration of individualism and less of the socialistic nonsense our oh-so-concerned authors seek to impose on us - for our own good of course.
i wonder if that soapbox is ancient-forest wood.i was very much looking forward to recieving this title from amazon.com after reading the first few pages online. and, admittedly, i did like the first few chapters; however, the tone and style of presentation changed very quickly, and became almost smug and self-aggrandizing. the authors seemed far too pleased with themselves, and, by approximately the halfway point i felt as if i were reading some kind of bizzare conservationist manifesto. i like to think - as a self-appointed conservationist and vegan - that i try to mind mother nature and all living creatures, but after i finished reading this repetitive, pedantic bore, i lost the will to care. maybe i am being too harsh, but this book seemed to peak in the first chapter; then, it became exasperatingly preachy and redundant. others liked the book, and that's fine; but i was disappointed
product of a clever con who appeals to the worst in his marks.greene is a conman, you dopes! you're being set up to buy this watered down machiavellian compost, using the 50% of his "laws" that don't contradict the other 50%...he gets you to believe that your selfishness and aspirations to megalomania you possess are justified, desirable, and trustworthy. you're all going to die, sorry. try to imagine what they'll be saying at your funeral, no matter how rich and powerful you (in your dreams) become by using the self-contradicting nonsense in this book. "man, what a selfish prick" would certainly be among the most commonly heard expressions of sentiment.
300 pages of misandry.if you are a man, you will not like this collection of feminist essays.  this book is worse than bad.  it is an abomination
nothing special here.i read this short novel because i greatly admired shaara's pulitzer prize winning "killer angels," and because i'm a baseball fan.  the novel feels more like an outline or first draft than a completed work about an aging pitcher.  it's a bit shallow and predictable in its plot.  the characters are what one expects in all too many sports novels and short stories.  the feel or atmosphere just isn't quite there...any baseball fan will see flaws in the book right away, flaws that distract and damage the work.  shaara sets most of the novel in yankee stadium with the hawks playing the yankees.  why the author chose to have one real team against a fictional team is unclear.  the hawks apparently are from atlanta, but an atlanta team, braves or hawks, whichever, would not be playing the yankees interleague on the next to last day of the season.  finally, when a visiting pitcher goes out to warm up before the game, he does so in the semi-hidden bull pen down the left field line in yankee stadium--not on the mound on the field...this book was published posthumously and mr. shaara perhaps never had a chance to polish his prose--prose that was excellent in "killer angels."  it's unfortunate...there are glimmers of interest in the book, but not enough to recommend it to baseball fans or fans of the author's other book
wrong item.i can't review something you keep sending me when it's the wrong bible. you don't have the one i ordered. you don't have the one that you have on your sight. so you send me a diffront one the one i ordered was printed 2/3/1994 and you send a book printed in 2003.
everything you ever wanted to know about foreclosures but was afraid to ask.i purchased this book some 6-8 months ago and i have used it and the resourses provided by thomas on a daily basis.  i am a nurse and i am looking to retire int he nxt couple of years.  you cannot buy another book on the market that provide the informaiton and resources that this book provides. i give it a 5+rating
a good book but....a highly detailed coverage of the third reich as it rose to and consolidated its power in germany during the 1930 decade. overall i would recommend this book to anyone interested in analysing events leading up to world war ii...the devil however is in the details. the author makes sweeping statements about the versaille treaty that are neither logical or reasonable. he fails to place the beginnings of the practice of racial hygiene in germany within the larger context of the worldwide movement in that area. when he mentions the spanish civil war he quotes from some sources that are known to be inaccurate...these are just a few areas where the author has been less than thorough. despite the foregoing i would gladly urge people interested in the history of the twentieth century to read this book; always bearing in mind that this obviously vast subject is covered incompletely here.
please, mommy government, rescue me!.why are americans so fat? according to this clown, it's because of fast food. which is an easy way to shift the blame from ourselves, our laziness, and our lac of discipline and blame those mean corporations for offering us all sorts of alternatives that we can accept or decline. gee, i wish mommy government would outlaw unhealthy foods and unhealthy portions! then everything would be right with the world; after all, no government has ever consolidated power over its people and then abused them. right? people shouldn't have to make decisions for themselves! it's not fair to ask us to use our brains and decide what's best for ourselves. someone else should take responsibility so we can just sit around watching television shows and playing on the internet
a book of temple grandin's guesses.the first sentence in the book is "people who aren't autistic always ask me about the moment i realized i could understand the way animals think."..it should have been "people who aren't autistic always ask me about the moment i somehow got the noton that i could understand the way animals think." there's no proof in this book, no good evidence, just ms. grandin's anecdotes and speculations...noticing a lot of detail because you have autism and being able to use this ability to design humane slaughterhouses does not translate into thinking like animals think...the book does offer many clear, simple descriptions of scientists' research. so if you don't know anything about animal research, these descriptions could be a good place to start.
i was very disappointed.....honestly, i thought the book was just plain boring and repetitive.  the author's main point, although interesting, seems to me like it would fit into an essay.  also, the particular print of the book that i purchased, has a dog on the cover, i was very much expecting the book to center around dog behavior.  instead, i felt i little duped. most insight into dog behavior came from previous third person experiments/theories or anedoctal accounts of "my friend's dog fido, one day did this..."  i hardly think that what one dog did can be generalized to the whole dog population.  i mean, the author doesn't even have a dog!!  i suspect that i, who have had a lifelong history with dogs, have more first hand experience with dog behavior than the author...i don't recommend this book to all the dog lovers out there.  now, if your "thing" is cows....  get this book!
big thick book with little content: beware!.i have more than 15 years of project management experience. i've read this and quite a few other pmp books from cover to cover. most of the reviews on this page sound like a propaganda to me. this book gives you the impression that it's a big book and must be covering lots of material. but this, in my opinion, is not true. it's big due to the large font and because most of the space on each page is empty...furthermore, the book is mostly a re-hash of the pmbok guide but only with less information, and without any apparent consideration to and description of the exam objectives or specifications. (i found that this is the problem with most of the pmp books except the one by sanghera). most of the topics in this book are not covered to adequate depth. for example, pareto chart is presented without much explanation: just one example of an approach that permeates throughout the whole book. using simple language is good  property of this book, but at places the concepts are oversimplified so that the accuracy can be questioned...most of the review and exam questions are too simplistic. they may be ok for the capm exam but not for the pmp exam...to me, it's does not seem like a professionally prepared book. for example, binding is weak, most of the tables and figures are not numbered, and index is very poorly prepared and is not very useful...just considering the shallow coverage of the topics, i would not count on this book solely for the exam. we are lucky that there are quite a few pmp books out there to choose from. here is my recommendation of pmp books in descending order:..1. pmp exam prep by rita mulcahy. quite a bit of exercises and explanations. at least refers to pmbok guide when does not explain something...2. pmp in depth by paul sanghera. pretty much self contained and adequately covers almost all the exam topics. in the beginning of each chapter, describes the pmp exam objectives covered in the chapter...3. pmp study guide by joseph phillips. quite a few topics are covered in much detail. however, at places not very compatible with pmbok guide...4. the pmp exam by andy crowe (this book). a good additional resource. but not comprehensive enough.
cynosure scallions on the mountain look downwards (upon?) the zebus  sevens.really tried to like this book. premise was grand; story bobbed and weaved; conclusion was flimsy. discursive scientific literalizations distract  disorient. crichton breaks the rule to never stanch the flow. i dislike the quartet of scientists who investigate the outbreak; they don't come across to the reader as likeable
who is allison-grier?.allison announces in his first sentence of his preface that this, the 2nd edition of a book originally published in 1983 is "substantially revised," and so it is, especially the last half of it. it was an important work of scholarship 23 years ago, and a revision after so much time during which he has remained a teacher and scholar specializing in kant, was bound to excite  broad interest.  it must have gone far toward gaining for him the prestigious prize of $30,000 he was awarded last year (2005) for outstanding kantian scholarship...in the preface allison cites michelle grier as having awakened him from his dogmatic slumbers.  in the body of the text he mentions her name only once, but given the compliment to her, my curiosity was aroused.  first i looked at the endnotes in which her work was mentioned by allison, and then, a little puzzled, i looked carefully over her book, kant's doctrine of transcendental illusion, published in 2001.  i found many citations of her work in the endnotes.  adding them up, i found that there were 28 endnotes, these referred, by explicit citation, to 200 pages of her 305 page book.  what one finds in comparing the two books, his and hers, is that every idea or argument that allison advances and almost every reference, citation to kant or to other philosophers, supposition, hypothesis, or development is to be found explicitly in grier.  it is impossible to compare the two books and not conclude that allison had no new ideas of his own at all, at least for the last half of his book, the half that he claims developments in kantian scholarship had compelled him to fully and carefully rethink and therefore to have most fully revised.  if one were to remove from allison's book, however, the ideas, arguments, and so forth that he derived directly and unambiguously from grier, there would be nothing but minor and for the most part exceedingly trivial asides. it would, to put it simply, not have been publishable...it is apparent that rather than generously recognizing michelle grier by his compliments and endnotes, he was stabbing her in the back.  his "generous" remarks have the effect of diminishing her role in his accomplishment.  he makes it seem as though she inspired him or set him on the right track rather than to have fashioned the final intellectual product that he merely, but arrogantly, rephrased.  nowhere does he acknowledge the incontestable truth, as of course he cannot, that he was himself entirely empty, and given a choice between remaining silent or stealing from the younger, creative scholar, michelle grier, the work he wished he had produced himself, he chose the shabbier but more profitable course.
crichton phoned this one in.if you've ever seen the great movie (thirteenth warrior) that was based on this book, "eaters of the dead" will just not measure up. maybe the structure of the book was the problem. crichton wrote it in the style of an medieval manuscript to try to convey the authenticity of an actual 1000 year old document. maybe he was too successful with that conceit. it was usually the aim of medieval chroniclers to present the dry facts of an event rather than to strive for dramatic tension, character development or an elevated literary style. unfortunately, those qualities are necessary in a novel.  this was mostly a bore. don't bother
ok, i'm a little confused.so i've got a bookstore, and it seems like everyone who ever attempts this book calls it tedious and gives up. so why is it that i see so many positive reviews here? myself, i thought the authentic feel was a definite plus, (much of the time i did feel that i was reading an ancient memoir) but as for being "a page turner," as somebody else called it, you've got to be joking. this book is one of the slowest novels i've ever read. i did it on audio book and i kept falling asleep. it was a lot like sitting in driver's ed. after lunch and trying to keep my eyes from going out of focus. creighton has written some pretty fun stuff, some of it even mildly thought provoking, but his is neither. timeline and the two jurassic park books fit well into the whole "roller coaster of a book" thing, and personally i thought sphere was great..i realize that there isn't too much in the way of popular viking fiction out there and so i suppose if you've got to have a valhalla fix you could check this out, but i'd still recommend the kirk douglas movie "vikings" over this book. or maybe the book "grendel" by john gardener, which is based on the same epic poem. but this book just feels to much like a boring history lesson.
discern its bs by feeling its predictability....i think if you've lived life under a rock, watched a lot of soap operas, and enjoyed life playing out in neat formulas, this book will appeal to you...it makes me angry to read this book; not because it's fiction (and i'll call it completely fictitious garbage), but because james frey tried to pass it off as nonfiction!  he writes this book with an underlying tone "i'm better than all of you."  not because he thinks aa is bs, but because this theme runs throughout his book, in so many situations, that after awhile it becomes laughable!  he prances around feeling vindicated for all of his actions and everyone else is just a plain a-hole, except his tough guy "friends."  i ask you, if leonard has such a reputation... where's his protection?  people would be after him in such a vulnerable (read: no security) place like rehab...i think if you sat back and read this book you as the reader could discern its bs by feeling its predictability.  it reminds me of a comic book where the tough guy is actually the hero who comes in to save the little people, yeah, he's got problems, but he'll prevail because he's james frey!..no thank you.  i absolutely hated this book, but i read it so i at least deserve credit for trying.
as authentic as a daytime soap opera.i'd heard the buzz (both pro and con) and thought i'd take an independent read. i was dismayed with this book..james frey has insulted anyone who has gone through a real experience with substance addiction by trivializing the truth of whatever experience he really had. one of the hardest things an addict has to grasp is the truth so that he can take ownership of his actions and take the 12 steps or whatever is necessary to save his life and often the lives of loved ones tangled up in the mess with him. lies are what enable "slips" and "enabling" and "denial" and those other catch words that describe continued misery and failure. recovery is nearly impossible without honesty. so, can we look at this man's "memoir" and expect it to offer anything of value? it's poorly constructed, repetitive, and narcisitic. even if oprah hadn't exposed him, the writing takes the tone of "whoppers" like frey's account of the drug house visit in which he "rescues" lilly. other reviewers and smoking gun have written about the fantastic episodes one by one, and i can't improve on that..suffice to say this mockery of misery and hope is no more real than a daytime soap opera.  story lines in a soap may look like real life to one who is isolated from real life, the same way a million little pieces might look to someone who has not been touched by real addiction. a real addict with typical delusion could be misdirected from a true course of treatment with tragic result..i was left with the impression he thinks institutions and people who help others with substance recovery are pitifully misdirected or inept. like a joke of some kind. i'm not laughing.
even if i didn't know this book was a farce....it would be a very irritating and unbelieveable read.  i read this book after knowing it is mostly fiction to see what all the hype was about.  the writing style of this book is annoying and difficult to read.  i ended up skipping over much of the content because it was repeated over and over.  i know this is supposed to be for emphasis, but i just found it indulgent.  the lack of correct punctuation was distracting, too.  had i read this when the book first came out, before everyone knew he lied, i would have found it hard to believe that most everyone in the book relapsed but he was completely fine without the help of aa.  although i have not attended aa or any similar support groups, i feel that this book sends a poor message to people with addictions, that they are perfectly capable to handle their recovery on their own, which in most cases i am sure they are not.  i found the other characters in the book to be much more interesting than james frey, and i can't say that i felt any amount of sympathy or connection to him as a character.  maybe that is what he wanted since he supposedly feels so horrible about himself....but i am sure that now he has made a pretty penny pimping a fake story he isn't feeling so badly anymore
stop... don't do it.  this book is awful..the reviews all sounded so good i couldn't resist. i was hoping for another "memoirs of a geisha" but boy, was i disappointed. the story bounces all over the place, never seems to have a consistent theme and finally, turns out to be just plain boring. i'll give the author some credit; the imagery is nice and having traveled to many of the same locations in asia myself, i enjoyed her descriptions of those places set in a bygone era. unfortunately, the budding story of a war hero's longing for a very young girl (he refers to her as the "changeling") made the guy come off looking like a pedophile. seriously, pretentious readers will love this drivel; too bad i can't recover the hours i wasted on this schlock.  with any luck, it'll be another 20 years before 'ol shirley picks up her pen again.
boring, over-written, and pointless!.this book was so boring i could barely stand it. in fact, i had to abandon ship halfway through. the main character is kind of interesting, as are the two kids, but the story itself is so slow-paced that the characters can't carry the book. i am a huge reader and i can count on one hand the times i've had to quit a book midway, but this one just couldn't hold my interest. i found myself daydreaming everytime i tried to read it. the writing was over the top...the author sounds as if she's writing to try to get an award rather than tell a story. pretentious readers may try to act like they enjoyed this mess, but don't believe them. one of the worst books i've ever read
over rated, unussually boring.some books, in my opinion, are just plain overrated.  the characters in this novel are dull and uninteresting.  likewise the tale.  the reader takes nothing from it. put this in a list with franzen's the corrections and frazier's cold mountain of award winning novels that did not deserve the accolades
the only great thing about the book is its name.the only great thing about "the great fire" is its name..this is one of those books that as you read it, you find yourself lost in thoughts about the morning commute, the long ago expired and still unpaid decal on your front windshield, about the dog, that you forgot to feed and you now know it repaid you by doing its business on the one spot of the carpet, which you fiercely guarded and hoped to protect before the weekend party with your boss and his pricy wife who for some time now has been...but then you collect your thoughts and try again to refocus your attention on this story of post war japan and the australian soldier who fell in love with a teenager, or was the chap british...and the she, the bosses wife, who strangely winked at you during the last christmas party and you felt like choking...he must have been australian since in the end he decided to stay with the girl in australia...but now you know that the spot in the carpet would forever remain brownish with its if not putrid then at least nagging reminder of the day you forgot to feed the damn dog because the book you were tying to read...but who really cares whether the australian and the teenager remained faithful to each other, after all the world really changed since 1947...and so you hope that the next paycheck would be enough for you to make a call to `stanley steamer' and have them fix the memory of your immoral transgression...but back to the book! if you love british style novels of the kind where old ladies and younger chaps (with names like bertram and aldred) get together to have some tea, then in their spare time write long romantic letters, and from time to time remind each other of the horrid world war 2, this is the book for you. if you are like me, meaning you have so much on your mind that it'd take a much stronger novel to keep your attention pinned to its pages, then i highly recommend you withhold the urge to read this one...- by simon cleveland
depressing.this is such a waste of talent.  it was only published because shiley hazzard has written a better book.  the story was dull, the unkindness of the parents most unreasonable. what kind of people would ignore their children this way?  depressing and a waste of time
impractical. over complicated!.despite the overwhelmingly positive reviews here on amazon, i really cant appreciate the value, usefulness or practicality of this book. the proposed framework, that each difficult conversation is really three (the "what happened?", the "feelings" and the "identity") conversations, is complicating rather than helping to solve the problem. you may think i am a contrarian or a poor communicator. however, with my very positive experience (and reviews) on books like "how to win friends and influence people?" by dale calegie, "get anyone to do anything and never feel powerless again" by david j. lieberman , "how to talk to anyone?" by leil lowndes and so on, i am obliged to warn potential buyers, in particular regular readers of relevant books, of a big disappointment.
does this come with a money back guarantee?.inane, useless information from a speaker so boring i could hardly get through the 3 cd's (but felt like i had to since i had spent the money on them).   perhaps he is a great salesperson-but i cannot see it.  i bought this on the strength of the reviews and am now convinced they were his friends or family stuffing the ballot box.  i think this information was aimed at someone in grade school, not a professional sales person.
too fast!  non-stop reading of scripts!.the content is full of valuable information on selling. but this audio cd is not my favourite...ziglar speaks so rapidly and non-stop! i guess nobody speaks in this mannner.  i mean, if you want listeners to enjoy your speech, it is better to  speak in a more natural pace, occassionally there should be a pause...ziglar is rushing the scripts when you listen to this cd. choking the brain of the listeners with no respite whatsoever! slow down slow down......... ziglar!  give me some space to absorb your message!..i wish i can listen to your cd comfortably, but i can't.  you read the scripts in such a rapid manner that it does not help your listeners to relax and enjoy your works. ziglar!..i am sorry, i have to give you 2 stars based on your unsatisfactory presentation in this cd
wanted to shake her.i read this book because of the good reviews. by the end of the book.i wanted to shake alison and dump her myself.
jennifer weiner [...] - except not as good !.this is the story of alison who gets dumped by her boyfriend just before a dinner party to go back to his ex who he's had an affair with for months. this story was so disappointing: it's like dunn took the same ideas as jennifer weiner's good in bed, i.e. being dumped, religion, pregnancy, friends, etc, but the end result is disappointing. the heroin is a girl who goes on and on about being an evangelical christian (who cares?), how she slept with few men, etc. this story is not realistic, it's not that funny, and the heroin is disappointing. if you want the real thing, read jennifer weiner, but not dunn, sorry
not nearly as good as promised.this book is not great, really not great.  it is decent, but not nearly what i was expecting.  the cover says that it is a highlight reel from sex and the city, one of my very favorite shows, but it was so opposite of satc, that i can't even understand the comparison.  the main character doesn't live in nyc, and doesn't write a column about sex, but does write a column.  it's about a girl, one who hates her evangelical christian background, so she has sex with a couple guys, but it isn't about loving the man, it's about wanting not to be a christian.  i finished it to find out what ends up happening, but i was really dissapointed.  don't but this if you are looking for a fun read or if you don't hate evangelical christians
hard to take.i tried to read this book twice thinking that the first time i didn't give it a chance. i couldn't read anymore after the second decision. it's poorly written and there is nothing revolutionary about it. it's the same old self-help stuff regurgitated and the storyline is even worse. i feel cheated that i paid $1.29 for it at the thrift store.
am i a voice in the wilderness?.i bought this book based on the blurbs, and the fact that i enjoy an occasional steven covey - type read...this sure wasn't one of them...i started the book once and put it down after reaching the third point, thinking that maybe this wasn't simplistic pap written in an incredibly juvenile fashion, but that maybe for whatever reason my head wasn't into it...i took it on a recent vacation, thinking that with my mind unfettered, etc., perhaps i might be more open to what the book had to say...wrong...this is a terribly written book, with a hokey, herky-jerky style by an author in need of some creative writing classes, spouting the most basic of tenants as if they are something new...for pete's sake, basically this fellow took zig ziglar and put in a clever twist of the 'time bandits' style confrontations with famous characters. i noted with amusement that all of the characters basically had the same sort of dialogue. when anne frank has the same speech patterns as solomon and harry truman, i know i'm reading a really bad book...comparing this to og mandino is an insult to og...this book is to motivational literature what 'bridges of madison county' was to fiction
serving the interests of the dominant culture; a critical perspective.as all the other reviews are positive, i will add a much needed critical perspective...the central argument of this book is that:.."the combination of indian predation and environmental change decimated the bison" (isenberg, p.3)...as such, this book contradicts massive amounts of primary historical sources that show, un-arguably, that the destruction and near extinction of the bison herds was a direct result of anglo predation in a direct attempt to destroy the resource base of the plains tribes in order to force them onto reservations...as the other reviewers have pointed out, it is true that the plains tribes were not nomadic hunters for all of their history. it is true that the tribes adopted nomadic hunting as a primary subsistence strategy only after being forced to do so by anglo aggression and encroachment...but from that truth, isenberg moves on to a series of unproven theories based on questionable ecological assumptions that are rooted in the "new ecology" - an ecological theory that describes nature as a disordered, chaotic and individualistic struggle for survival (for info on the "new ecology" see my review of "discordant harmonies:  a new ecology for the 21st century)...for example, isenberg bases one of his arguments on the un-proven theory that early tribal peoples, thousands of years ago, hunted to extinction many species of large land mammals...but the story of the bison is not a pre-historic story.  it is a story of modern history and isenberg presents no historical proof that the tribes were responsible for the near extinction of the bison...rather, he makes subjective philosophical arguments against "romanticizing" wilderness and native american cultures...from there iverson uses these arguments as a backdrop to a series of environmental statistical analyses...basically, iverson lays out an exponential statistical model where by he argues that, given the estimated number of bison deaths necessary to sustain the plains tribes, eventually the bison would have been rendered extinct by the tribes at some point in the future...the problem is that this can never be proven because it never happened!..what happened, and it is documented in massive amounts of printed primary historical sources, was that the bison were deliberately slaughtered by greedy anglo hunters for their skins and tongues...the united states army was in on it as well, as is documented by many sources showing that the bison herds were decimated in a deliberate attempt to make it impossible for the tribes to remain living free on the plains...isenberg's book is one that must be extremely comforting to those forces that continue to destroy what wild animals and lands we have left here in north america.
nothing new.i have been a trainer for many years, and am currently working towards becoming a behaviorist - and i can tell you that paul owens offers nothing new to the world of dog training. this book is an average (at best) compilation of training techniques discovered and perfected by other (professional) dog trainers/behaviorists. i've read many, many books on dog training and behavior and this is one not worth purchasing. if you're looking for an interesting read to learn more about how dogs think and why they act the way they do - check out any of stanley coren's books (he has many). if you're looking for training techniques - take a class. honestly, there is nothing better for a dog than to go to puppy classes (with a respectable and knowledgable trainer) where they can be properly socialized and trained. if your dog is having serious behavior issues - consult a professional animal behaviorist. your veterinarian should be able to refer you to somebody. good luck!
clicker training.sorry, but i'm just not a fan of clicker training or the concept of waiting around *ho hum* until your dog happens to do something that you want it to do. granted, there is some helpful advice given within the pages of this book, but i'm very glad i didn't pay regular retail for it. (yay, amazon!
not the cesar millan dog whisperer!.note that this video has nothing to do with cesar millan's television show on the national geographic channel called "the dog whisperer"..the dvd teaches the most basic dog commands, and is ok...but if you want books or dvds related to cesar millan, this item has nothing do with him! it is a different author, teaching altogether different things, writing before the television show was on the air.
disappointment.i read cesar millan's book and thought that this bood would be similiar in information and instruction.  i was completely wrong.  i skimmed over every section because each section was so basic.  the teaching method is completely different from millan's and therefore a complete waste of money
a real letdown.diana's other novels i have read and re-read, getting blissfully lost in them each time. but this was didn't fit with the others. a little too "earthy" for my tastes
lord john and the private matter.i had loved the outlander books and i felt a sense of loss when i finished them.  natually, the next step was to get the lord john book.  even though it's unrelated to the outlander books, i thought it would be just as engrossing and entertaining.  i was very dissappointed.  the story was not that interesting and the characters were not very well developed or likable.  i read the book to the end, but i really couldn't care less how it ended or what happened to these people.  i would not recommend this book to anyone
ruined my life..i realize that 'ruined my life' may be a bit harsh, but i'll tell you why this is true for me.  i read this book and decided that i too, would feel great and look great just like suzanne, i would go on bio-identical hormones.  that was 2 years ago.  since then, i have lost almost 40% of my hair due to the fact that replacing hormones is not an exact science.  the doctor that treated me added testosterone to my hormone mix, and this in turn began making my hair fall out after about 4-5 months. i was told to 'be patient', that it would 'normalize'.  i later found out testosterone is the absolute worst thing that some people can take, and now, 2 years later, i am in hell because of this book.  i can't believe how stupid i was
sexy years for who?.some of this book is good and normally i love suzanne summers but.... a few comments like " no wonder men leave us for younger woman". like what is that about? woman need to feel better for themselves not some guy. does she not know men also have hormonal problems and aging? when i ran into a few comments like that in the book it turned me off. woman need to feel good about themselves and look good for themselves first. i just felt the book was a push for the s principle book and to be hot for your guy.  usually her stuff is good but i wasn't crazy about this one. sorry nothing new in this book. maybe helpful to someone else. jud
please be careful.bio-identical hormones are not all they are cracked up to be. they have serious, dangerous impacts on the human body. please, if you are going to try these, do your homework first. a growing number of women are experiencing lethal side effects. some don't make it out the other side. i am one of the lucky ones - i survived the blood clots in my legs and two near-fatal, year-long illnesses connected with use of "natural" progesterone. since that time, i have been contacted by scores of women who have suffered due to use of these hormones. i hope this information will be helpful to someone else, too. please, safeguard your health - no one else is going to do it for you
clunk!.the premise was great. the storytelling, very awkward. the technological information could have been interesting, but it read like an instruction manual. i give one star for the final cat-and-mouse and another for the funny way mr. clancy portrayed the soviet apparatchiks
disappointing read.the most disappointing part of this book is its blatant political slant.  the book is not about a theory of leadership, but about an ideological judgement of the performance of leaders.  heifetz starts by insisting that leadership is necessarily tied to values because if you disagree....then the rest of his book is meaningless.  heifetz believes that to be a good leader you have to adopt positions that he advocates and if you don't, then you aren't a good leader.  so, in heifetz's world, reagan wasn't a good leader, but lbj was...do yourself a favor and keep surfing...
not bad.i use "the notebook" and "a walk to remember" as optional films in my upper division sociology courses. after hearing many positive student responses, i was curious about sparks as an author--one of the few males writing commercially successful romance novels.  after a slow start with "true believer," i was more satisfied with "the rescue."  taylor's friendship with mitch and his emotional growth add dimension to an otherwise standard tale of boy meets girl, etc., etc.,
a bit disappointed.i have read several of nicholas sparks' books, but this one was different for me.  it was a very very slow start.  i was more than 150 pages into it before i got interested in the plot.  i had even considered quitting reading it at times.  it ended up being an okay story, but nothing that i couldn't have lived without reading.  what i did enjoy is the way mr. sparks writes about male characters in the romantic way women wish men really were.  i would suggest another read from mr. sparks like "the notebook" or "the wedding" if you want a good romantic read.
not for me.i didn't know why i chose to read this book. anyway, it was disappointing, really. the book was slow, and it was too long for a story of its type. i mean, i think the book could go on without some of the parts. when i was reading it, i only thought of putting it down because it's making me go crazy. i thought the plot was shallow, but taylor's self-conflict was even shallower. he kept on blaming himself about his father's death well then it's really his fault! he was a coward. if you don't believe me, go on and read about it... although you might get bored getting to that part because it's towards the end. and i hated it when this stupid conflict got in the way with his relationship with denise. he was acting really immature! he should have at least thought about denise but he was too selfish. it really sucked...and yes, i know that this is supposed to be a romance novel... but i kept on looking for that love factor althroughout the book. and what did i find? nothing. oh, what a waste. it's like sparks tried very hard to make the situations in the story seem romantic but as a reader, it didn't really capture the whole essence of what romantic situations should be like...if it hadn't been for my hrr (home reading report) i wouldn't have finished reading this at all...i guess i'm saying this because i'm not into this genre. love stories are fine but this one... nah
souls of black folk.was worthless...was not the correct match for my class book requirement.  never used it...if someone wants it you can have it for free
run for your lives.....i grabbed this volume from an airport bookshop hoping, as always, for a good read, but as well to learn a bit about a period of chinese history that i have not read deeply in. alas, man's book fails on both levels...halfway through and the mongols are conquering asia. this part of the book is well written. exactly why genghis is the leader and why the mongols are following him is left unclear. indeed, after a rough childhood, being kidnapped and escaping genghis emerges as head of the mongols? why? i do not know. the historical record here is probably sparse, but that is no excuse to skip over these years. they are pivotal to explaining why the mongols emereged. would the mongols have emereged under another leader? or, was it just genghis?..the final third of the book is spent in man's quest to find genghis grave. the lack of any maps to go with the travelogue leaves this section quite confused. then again, is genghis's resurrection only to be seen in man's hiking about the mongolian woods?..somewhere there is a good biography of genghis and the mongols, but this is certainly not it
a time for something else.save you money! this isn't really suitable for anyone who cares what their children read. much, much better can be found elsewhere
eye candy and weak on history.i didn't read the entire book, simply browsed it for about 20 min while my daughter shopped for books in the kids section of the bookstore.  however, it doesn't take much more than 20 min to get through it.  the book is nothing but a timeline of  miscellaneous events and grouped by presidency.  each event is covered by no more than a couple of sentences. you might learn some trivia going through it but not much else.  it is also not a very objective view of us history - not a single "factoid" given for the 8 years of the clinton presidency was positive, only negatives
secret code?  ha ha ha!.mr. "dow 36,000" wants you to believe him this time.  no, really, he means it.  right.  in 2005 he he wrote an article denying that there was a housing mania about to go bust.  i think that's a pretty good indication that there is a housing mania about to go bust.  this guy is amazing
melodramatic.mccarthy is a very talented writer (read blood meridian and all the pretty horses) but he is also known for a very melodramatic style of writing, using many archaic words. suttree is written is this style and one could say it is 471 pages of melodrama without a plot. despite the novel's length it is very underdeveloped and the reader is not sure why he should even care about the main character. certain chapters are interesting (the workhouse chapter especially), but these passages are few and far between. also the violence at times is ridiculous and does nothing to advance his ever prevalent theory that the world has always been this way and will continue in this way. mccarthy writes about nature beautifully, but after finishing this book, one is left unfulfilled.
slow pace and no plot (written by a master).okay, i'm going to go against the grain here and say that suttree really isn't all that good.  maybe it's fine literature -- although personally i don't think so; i think literature should engage and tell a story that the reader can feel part of, absorbed into with a pathos for its characters, good or bad.  here we get only snatches of that.  *at times* we feel akin to suttree.  for example the prison segment is good; there is a sense of purpose and pace here absent from the rest of the book; but on the whole suttree is a rambling and confusing mess.  why struggle so much with a book?  it's not that the ideas are so incredibly complex -- sure, at times it's sublime -- but it has a purposefully disconnected storyline.  the reader is meant to feel in the dark and only slowly pick up on the context and setting of the scenes.  the relationship between suttree and harrogate is great, but there needs to be more of it -- i feel like saying "yeah, yeah, yeah, just bring me back to the friendship between those two and give us more development of suttree's mysterious past."  if you want to read this, you have been warned.  you will probably be bored and frustrated a good deal of the time.  page after page of how someone shaves or combs their hair sound interesting?  if you think it's worth it "in the name of literature", then that's up to you...note: i have read blood meridian and thought it was an excellent book: definitely go read that one first.  and i read a child of god, which was also great.  i was hoping to become more of a cormac mccarthy fan reading this one, but i think i've gotten to the point where i'd rather read the back of my shampoo bottle or peruse my way through a stack of disclaimer forms.  mccarthy is a master of the language, no doubt.  but in order to make us read the book he ought to at least make it interesting
basic job hunting info and misleading career guidance.i came across this book when advising a friend's college-age child who was researching careers and was using this book...on the plus side, the book does contain info on basic job search skills.  i would say that most (if not all of it) is now widely available via the internet...very troubling was the inaccurate guidance regarding specific careers - some of it was just outdated, but some of it was inaccurate to the point of being "dangerous" for a reader with little knowledge or experience, and who would choose to spend time/effort pursuing a career based on the info in this book.  i would have to recommend against using this book as a key source for making a career choice
you will be a dummy if you depend on this book.sorry, i just cannot believe that the quot;humorousquot; and quot;honestquot; approaches recommended in this book will work. it all seems very idealistic, flaky and undignified. i value honesty (and humor too!) but there is also something to be said for modesty and decorum. i would find someone using these strategies very off-putting -- the words quot;sense of entitlementquot; come to mind. and i am not conservative. so what would a conservative employer think
just an over-rated mediocre mystery.at best dan brown's da vinci code is just a mediocre modern day mystery with religious conspiracy overtones. the characterization seems like it came straight out of a 70's made for tv movies. if you have read any mysteries before the plot is paper thin, the first time the true villain makes an appearance, it is basically a "well isn't that contrite" moment. but it is a fast easy reading novel. this book is just fine for lounging on the beach or passing the time on a cross country airline flight...some people take the conspiracy overtones to being anti-catholic. i think this is just nonsense but if you are sensitive to this sort of thing you might be offended by this book. althogh, there are some kooks that think this book is about reality, instead of fiction,..a much more interesting book, in a similar venue (modern day mystery with religious conspiracy overtones), is foucault's pendulum by umberto eco. be forewarned, eco's novel is a much more challenging read but in the end is a more enjoyable novel. it is analogous to comparing cotton candy (da vinci code) to a 12 course gourmet dinner (foucault's pendulum). both will satisfy hunger, both are a type of food, but the popular one is something which can be consumed casually and in the end leaves you wondering if you should have made an effort to consume something that would have been more fulfilling.
audio cd version is even worse.i found this to be a really annoying, and - in the audio format - annoyingly-told story. it sounds like a screenplay, with symbolism, mystery, and trivia that are so mediocre... how best to describe it? here, read the book if you think this is fascinating: the orange is a symbol of the divine feminine because it's round like a mother's womb. if that doesn't blow you away, read something else...the two leads are so stereotypical, it hurts. lastly, the guy reading the audio version puts on these heavy nasal french accents that actually impede understanding of what's being said, and then he has french people speak to each other in these accents - way overdone. then, layered on that, they are explaining things to each other that any french person would already know (cle de voute, for example) for the reader's benefit...taking in the many supposedly intriguing objects and situations in this book was exactly like watching the movie van helsing for me - i'm watching that thinking "a werewolf, and vampires? and frankenstein? and hot chicks? why, it's got everything! what next?" short attention span theater. the fact that this book is so popular makes me sad
should be from bad to worse.despite trying very hard to deny that this is just another fad management book - there is nothing new in this title.  clueless managers will recite the core principals of this book and treat them as gospel as they try to improve their bottom line.  it is also worth noting that at least one of the "great" organizations in the book, fannie may, has imploded in an accounting scandal.  not the worst fad management book ever written, but that isn't saying much
getting to the bottom of nothing.see what happens when the author's friends write the reviews? after all the glowing raves given "postwar," i spent fancy money on it, and in the end, i came to agree with the only negative review of it i saw, in the economist. you are misled by the acuity of the first chapter, in which judt explains how much the current peace of europe derives from the severe ethnic cleansing that took place there during and just after world war ii--a fascinating point quite new to me. but after that, over 830 pages, judt tries to explain everything and gets to the bottom of nothing. what did margaret thatcher really accomplish for england? i still don't know, though i learned a lot on my way to not knowing. this was the failing cited by the economist reviewer, too. if you want a history of the war's aftermath in europe (though only up to the mid-fifties) try "1945" by gregor dallas: distilled, acute, clear, concrete, fresh, and compelling. maybe dallas needs to hustle academic insiders as well as judt does, for unlike judt, dallas actually delivers the goods and deserves the credit wasted on judt.
big history, written small.englishman tony judt's postwar is an ambitious and worthwhile undertaking: to give a coherent account of the history of europe from 1945. the outline of events is well known: a continent in ruins at the end of the second world war, the miraculous rise of western europe from the wreckage, the concurrent enslavement of the east, and thence the titanic struggle between the two world systems, culminating in the triumph of liberal democracy over totalitarian state control. it is a great story, surely one of the finest chapters in the history of human civilization...judt seems to take the view (with which most people would likely agree) that great shifts in history ultimately rest upon the underlying economics. in the big picture, communism failed because it was unproductive, capitalism succeeded because it was the opposite. the question he asks is a good one: why did it happen when it did? why, after having survived so long (since 1917, in the case of the soviets) did the eastern block suddenly collapse at the end of the eighties, and so rapidly?..his answer is, astonishingly, the helsinki accords. "against all expectation," he claims, "it [brezhnev's signing of the helsinki accords] was to prove mortal." (p. 503). the argument here seems to be that by having agreed to the helsinki accords (which included some boilerplate language on human rights), the communist leaders were thereafter hamstrung in suppressing those dissidents who dressed their opposition in terms of human rights rather than as political attacks against the party...he thus attributes the collapse of communism to the role of dissenters within the non-soviet eastern block countries. judt seems not to have grasped that these countries were just the playing field, not the actual players. he refers to himself as having been in czechoslovakia at this time; perhaps this is why he seems to think that the minor protest groups within the soviet satellites were something other than marginal--as causal agents rather than benefactors of larger forces. in this book, vaclav havel plays a far greater role than ronald reagan in the collapse of communism. in fact the name "reagan" itself only appears a dozen or so times--in other words, it is rarely cited, and then usually in the off-hand manner with which those who wish they had influence dismiss those who do. (reagan's speech at the berlin wall is not even mentioned, something hard to fathom in an 800-page history of postwar europe.)..eventually, the anti-american streak which runs through this book from the beginning emerges into plain sight: "but it should not be concluded...that it was american encouragement or support which precipitated or facilitated their [eastern europe's] liberation." (p. 631) and then later, equally bluntly, "...[despite] the self-congratulatory narrative that has entered the american public record, washington did not `bring down' communism, communism imploded of its own accord." (p. 659.)..really? who would have thought that forty years of american effort in the cold war was just a waste of time?..this proposition is such obvious nonsense that it really does not need to be argued against, but the wonder is that someone who appears to understand the function of economics in history can fail to appreciate the central role of america, and specifically of the american taxpayer, in postwar europe. america paid for europe's reconstruction (marshall plan). america paid for europe's welfare states (by relieving their governments of the need to pay for their own defense, and also in the form of endless credits and loans). america paid for europe's economic prosperity (by bankrolling the agencies which funded it--such as the imf  world bank--and by opening american markets to european goods while allowing european markets to remain subsidized and protected; something that is still the case today, from agriculture to airbus). and finally, it was america who paid for the soviet's defeat. without america, modern europe would not exist...yes, it is undeniable that communism rotted from the inside. but rot by itself does not cause collapse (otherwise how to explain north korea, a long-bankrupt thugocracy that survived even the death of the former thug-in-chief?) such states continue to exist indefinitely, until given a push. and so to answer judt's own question: the reason communism collapsed when it did was because america pushed. ronald reagan reversed american policy and stood up to the soviets, and did so at a time when the major western european states were cowering in postures of supplication and appeasement (thatcher's uk excepted). it had nothing to do with the helsinki accords...judt flatters himself in the preface that his book will be controversial, but to this reader his conclusions are too silly to be worthy of controversy. they are simply wrong...it is a pity judt fails here. the fundamental lesson to be drawn from the history of postwar europe is that it is no good trying to make friends with the schoolyard bully--or to give him your lunch money in order not to get beaten up (the european response). the lesson is that you must stand up to bullies. appeasement in all its guises--rapprochement, ostpolitik, engagement, detente, nixon/kissinger-style scheming, or carter's endless vacillation--inevitably leads to failure. and when the bill finally comes due, as it always does, then the accrued interest can be enormously costly in human life. this was true in munich in 1938, and it remains true today...given the current state of the world, we could have used a book which reminded us of this basic truth right now...there are numerous errors and omissions, mostly minor (iceland is missing from the cover maps), occasionally more significant (for example, there is no understanding that the repeated attacks by american hedge funds against the weak european currencies did much more than just blow england and italy out of the erm in 1992. they also forced a hugely embarrassing french devaluation in 1993--in the form of widened intervention bands--and imposed a hitherto unknown market rigor upon the respective governments, basically requiring them to depoliticize monetary policy and rein in fiscal policy--major changes in how these governments governed. the attacks also contributed to the ready adoption of the euro, as a collective defense against george soros.) but any book of this scope will contain errors and omissions; in fact the strength of postwar is its vast collection of facts and figures and statistics (although weakened by the lack of source citations.) it is in the small-scale work of collecting data that judt succeeds. it is in the big-scale work of interpreting those data that he fails. for example, toward the end of the book there is an account of the disaster in the balkans following the break up of yugoslavia. judt correctly identifies the nadir of postwar europe: the slaughter at srebrenica, in which 7400 muslims were murdered under the noses of dutch soldiers serving under un command. he then goes on to contrast the situation when nato took over, at which point the slaughters promptly stopped, and ten years of peace ensued (enduring to this day). surely this is something to which you would ask: why? the answer is simple: the un force, as is usual with un forces, was too small, had a weak and compromised mandate, was composed of soldiers who were inadequately equipped and commanded, and who operated under unrealistic rules of engagement. but the nato force tolerated no nonsense, they came in with the intention of standing up to the serbs, and had the roe to do it. the serb `army' (if thugs who slaughter civilians can be dignified with such a term) promptly collapsed...same lesson: bullies must be stood up to. perhaps it is the fact that the force was american-led which prevented judt from seeing this...(at the time of writing, the un is once again dithering in the same old way on the same old issue--this time in lebanon and darfur--a perfect example of why we should learn from the past instead of repeating it, as seems all but inevitable right now. what a sorry institution the un has become!)..judt gives some good detail of postwar political theory on the continent--something usually missing from english-language accounts, other than the obvious observation that such theory was mainly marxist. sartre and camus were predictable, foucault less so (a substantial presence in france, but more or less unknown in america). judt appears to come from the political left himself, but nevertheless he seems not to have understood the basis of foucault (which can be summed up, deep throat-like, as "follow the power.") in foucaultian terms, the discourse of dissent (which judt claims collapsed communism) was something entirely dictated by the power relations existing at the time. he would have said look not at the surface, look at the constellations (a favorite foucaultian term) of power. any objective survey of the constellations of power existing in europe in 1989 would center on the united states (and might still do so today, despite a united germany, an expanded eu, and the absence of the soviet threat.) in explaining the collapse of communism, historical roads as diverse as euro-marxism, macro-economics, empirical rationalism or even great man theory all lead to the same place: america. but according to judt, washington had nothing to do with it...by the final chapters, any pretense of objectivity has been lost. 9/11 was not a watershed horror for the free world, but a passing american event that by implication the us deserved for its middle eastern policy. (of all european leaders since 1945, judt reserves his strongest denunciation not for stalin or tito or ceausescu, but for tony blair. why? blair supports american policy--"blindly," of course.) in summing up what (judt thinks) binds europeans together, it is "...contrast with `the american' way of life.' (p. 748)..lastly, not just the content but the style is likely to be tiresome to american readers. there is an overabundance of smug english circumlocutions and double-negatives: "it was not for nothing," "not perhaps terribly," and the like. meaningless modifiers, such as "more than a little" and "decidedly," are used ad nauseum, so that the text sometimes reads like a student essay in which the author has tried padding it out to make the required number or words. judt could learn from the great english historians of the past, of whom there are plenty, from gibbon to churchill. there is in postwar none of their directness of language, that firm relentless empiricism which at its best ascends into epic prose, noble in conception and majestic in scope. it is what makes reading them such a pleasure, whatever they have to say. reading judt is just a chore...in the end this book, for all its size, is just a sour little pamphlet--an insult to the achievement that it purports to explain. it is the written equivalent of those old photographs of soviet leaders gathered atop lenin's tomb on may day, in which the images of the purged party members have been carefully airbrushed out--except that in postwar, it is not just a party hack but the main player who is missing. postwar is not even bad history, it is non-history, just anti-american propaganda dressed up as scholarship...it should sell well in france.
no source notes or bibliography--what's with that?.much as i admire judt's writing and breadth of knowledge, i'm appalled that he allowed this book to appear without source notes and bibliography, which are relegated to a website. i imagine this was a compromise he reached with the publisher to enable the publication of an overly long manuscript, but it renders the work largely useless to serious readers
still in the pupal stage....these earlier, shorter stories are rather flat, and don't stand up to tomine's later work, collected in quot;summer blonde.quot; tomine works best when he has the time and space allotted to really build his characters, and the short stories herein do not allow for it. as simply a portrait of a developing young artist, quot;sleepwalk and other storiesquot; is somewhat interesting, but certainly not a fully realized or especially enjoyable book
e-book is a disappointment..after reading the reviews of the book, i expected much more.  the e-book really just whets your appetite with generalities (e.g., about the internet or globalization) summarized from the full-text version.  one could get far more from a typical on-line article in fortune, business week, etc.  the e-book version is 9 pages of about 14 font text, double-spaced.  i guess that this would calculate into about two or three pages of a regular book.  i would still like to read the full-text version but i would advise avoiding the e-book version
very, very bland.i'm not really a big of grant morrison's work. i find a lot of his work to be the kind of stuff i thought up and then decided does have enough depth to carry it in a story. with that said, invisibles takes the cake when it comes to that. while it may be different, that doesn't mean it has any depth. if you're a fan of morrison's, go do yourself a favor and read the seven soldiers trades or his arkham asylum stuff but stay away from the invisibles
not my cup of reality-warping hallucinogenic tea..long ago, a friend who raved about "the invisibles" loaned me this first book. i don't have very clear memories of it, but i remembered it as being very hard to read, and i remember not getting very far in it before i lost interest...recently, due specifically to the influence of warren ellis's awesome series "planetary", i've gotten interested in comics again, and decided to give "the invisibles" a second try. i got a little further this time, but still didn't even make it past the first volume...the story seems promising; "big brother is watching, so make yourself invisible". the eponymous team are a gang of reality-bending crowley-style sorcerors, fighting the mundane system of everyday life, and the sinister otherworldly monsters who control the mundane system of everyday life. the execution, however, is less than ideal. most of the pages are very jarringly non-sequential; on one page, the characters will be in a park, listening in on a conversation, and then on the next page, where you expect to find a continuation of the conversation they were listening to, they'll suddenly be walking along a riverbank, in the middle of their own completely different and unrelated conversation. on almost every single page i had to turn back, and check the page numbering to make sure i hadn't accidentally skipped something or pages hadn't fallen out of the book; if it weren't for the sequential page numbering, i would have assumed i was reading a bad printing. this could be a clever technique if used sparingly; in a comic book about "hacking reality", throwing in a sudden and unexpected "jump cut" between two pages can contribute greatly to the reader's immersion in the "reality hacking", but when it's done on every other page it loses that hook and just feels sloppy, like the author and artist didn't know how to structure a comic...one of the "page cuts" jumps from the beginnings of a fairly realistic fight scene to a super-bright, psychedelic scene in which a character is tripping out and talking to the ghost of john lennon, which looks like a completely different comic, has completely different pacing and artwork, and is filled with meaningless text, which brings us to my next problem with "the invisibles": there's way too much meaningless text. if you want to present a radical, reality-altering concept in your comic, that's great; try to do it with action as much as possible and with as few words as possible -- this is a visual medium, after all. if you need to throw in a few wordy bits, that's ok too ("planetary", again, does a perfect job of this). if, however, you are filling entire pages with text so small that you have to go below standard comic font size and it becomes illegible, then you might want to re-think your medium and perhaps just write a book, or a really wordy animation, instead. it was after the third entire page of nothing but hard-to-read, handwritten, meaningless text that i gave up on "the invisibles". and by "meaningless" i don't mean "fluff dialogue that pertains to the action" or "cryptic dialogue that might make sense later", i mean actually meaningless, gigantic word-bubbles of insane characters singing entire songs and babbling incoherently about things that have nothing to do with the plot, or meaningless stream of consciousness droning from characters who are tripping. all of this text feels like nothing but filler, and coupled with the jarring transitions between pages it makes "the invisibles" look like very amateur work...one last niggling detail is that i couldn't really identify with any of the characters. the main character, a teenage boy named "dane", is basically a carbon-copy of alex from "a clockwork orange", but without the interest in beethoven. he wanders around london with his monosyllable-named "droogs", indiscriminately stealing cars, smashing windows, beating people up, and blowing up buildings. it's suggested that he's very smart, but this doesn't make him any more likeable. the "hook" is that he "sees dead people", which might've been clever when this series was first printed, but after "the 6th sense", "bleach", and a dozen other stories with "i see dead people" protagonists, it just seems clichd...i really wanted to get the same sort of "reality warping" experience out of "the invisibles" that some of my friends have, but i've seen it done better a dozen times before, and the whole execution just seems amateur. when i stopped reading it, i was hungry for some real reality warping, so i sat down and read some stories out of the collected fictions of jorge luis borges and felt much better. i suggest you skip "the invisibles" and do the same...addendum: the friend who last loaned it to me told me that the first two story arcs were, indeed, horrible, but that it got significantly better after them. i tried reading it again, skipping over those first two story arcs and starting from the third, and it was indeed a much better read, and nothing was lost in having not read that first part. so, i'm upgrading my review to "a fun read overall, but not something i'd be interested in owning"
wolf in sheep skin.if you are a christian, this book isn't for you. it is full of blashphemy, concluding that we must "... forgive god" and that we must love god "... even if he isnt perfect". kusher even has the will to say that "...god would not be god..." without our love for him. at one point he reduces god to an aminal saying that in the garden of eden, when god said "...let us make man in our image" he was speking to animals and creation. kusher explains that god created the world, and in the next paragraph that we came by evolution...since when was god in need of forgiveness? isnt it that "... god so loved the world" and it wasnt us that loved god? i have no words in describing this book. it is full of error, because it does not base it self on the gospel of jesus christ. all this book does is frees you from the thought that you are a sinner, and that it isnt your fault, and that actully you are a good person. why do bad things happen to good people? wrong question. there are no good people in the world in the first place. " for all have sinned and come short of the glory of god..." the world is in sin. the world does not have good people!! only by the grace of god, through faith in jesus christ you are made righteous. i beg you in the name of jesus christ to stay away from this book. it hasnt helped 4 million people, but it lied to them. kusher, please turn from your ways and come to jesus, then will you understand the life question "why"
a total disappointment and very depressing.i've always been a huge fan of nicholas sparks, and i couldn't wait to read dear john. well, there was no reason to rush. it starts out okay, but then just gets more and more depressing. the main girl character is annoying and you hope that john will find someone who deserves him, instead of just pouting over her for most the book..i cannot wait for another nicholas sparks book, but only because i want to know that he hasn't lost his touch, and that this novel was just a fluck
first disappointment by nicholas sparks.i have all of nicholas sparks novels, and i can honestly say that this one left much to be desired.  i have also raved about nicholas sparks' works to everyone; however, i don't have much to rave about this time.  the book was too predictable; although i have often figured out other story lines written by sparks, but this book did not have half of the depth that the others have had.  i am disappointed in the book and hope to see that nicholas sparks goes back to his heart wrenching story lines.  hopefully he can find time (outside of coaching track) to write another wonderful novel such as the notebook, message in a bottle, the wedding, and the list goes on (but stops at dear john)
sparks worst book yet.i have been a nicholas sparks fan and i was very disappointed with this book.  too predictable, very depressing...
obsolete.this book completely fails to realistically convey the relative risks and profit potential for the average wannabe day trader.  im talking about someone with less than a few thousand to play the market.  unless you have big bucks and level ii quotes forget day trading unless you are very lucky. in the trading parlance, i wish i had a short position on this book at its current price, and could cover my short at the current used price! save your money
white guilt.i read kozol to actually be amused. it saddens me to think that colleges force students to read books like these. young minds take this at face value. i am a native new yorker, from brooklyn. my parents were working class, and we had no extras. what i hate most about kozol is his obvious white guilt. he never talks about personal responsibility. it is just the city not taking care of the poor and needy. that is the problem with most liberals, they offer opinions, work on the emotions of people, and never offer solutions. when mayor giuliani wanted welfare workers to work, ie pick up leaves in the park, there was a great outcry-well, when i was in college, i worked cleaning up after horses-just to pay for part of tuition, and i waited tables, etc. why should they not work if they are getting a check? he also talks about how the suburbs spent more money per child in the school system-yet he never mentions what those parents in the suburbs spent each year on taxes--there is a lot more i could write, but i would be here all day. take it from a native new yorker who worked as a teacher in the south bronx-he plays on your feelings, but in the end, by portraying poor people as victims he gives people a way to "blame the system," and insults every hardworking person who has improved his or her life
no sell rules or when to take a profit.peter lynch's book held me back about 10 years in my investing success.  i used to believe things i read in books because a good publisher like simon and schuster would publish it.  i counted cars in parking lots of companies with due dilligence and questioned managers on how things were selling.  i also avoided "reading tealeaves" like drawing trendlines on what i was actually concerned about the price of the stock!  now i make a living "reading tealeaves" and leave the parking lot duty to those who think counting cars makes the price go up..my suggestion is to learn basic technical analysis from a book like john murphys technical analysis of the financial markets.  start there then go on to learn more advanced ta.  i also like investor's business daily-but it is very specialized and takes reading several times and probably help from a more advanced user to understand ibd.  i also swingtrade - hold stocks for 2-5 days sometimes longer.
good jokes, short read.this book is funny because of the writers comments mostly, although there are a few times where you will be wondering how our parents or grandparents survived. a lot of the time, i found myself "standing up" for the old-fashioned advice because honestly, a lot of it made sense when you think about the era.  for example, they still teach us that newspaper can help with delivering a baby if there are not better materials available...it is worth a read if you have an hour to kill, but i probably would not purchase it again since reading it once is enough.
rather pointless.this book fails both as a history or analysis of yugoslav politics or as a critical biography of tito. the first few chapters, which contain an overly compressed "historical" review of the south slavs from the middle ages to the twentieth century, contain factual, spelling and interpretative errors so obtrusive and atrocious that they are almost laughable. for example, west claims that the leader of the 1573 croat peasant revolt was "donja stubica" - that was actually the name of the village in which it started. he claims that in 1871 the croat revolutionary eugen kvaternik led an "armed assault on the serbs," when in fact kvaternik launched a foolishly bold uprising against the habsburg monarchy while many of his fellow rebels were themselves serbs. he persistently misspells the surname of the great serbian linguist and writer vuk karadzic as `karadjic' - and there are literally dozens of similar mistakes that riddle the entire text. west basically argues that the problems in yugoslavia are directly tied to historical events and religious schisms that occurred during the middle ages, and reduces the wars which ensued after yugoslavia's collapse to religious conflicts. he also insists that there are no national nor even ethnic differences between the serbs, croats or bosnian muslims; rather, he says they are all the same ethnic group with three different religions, thus demonstrating his glaring ignorance of the differences between `nation' and `ethnicity,' among other things. he focuses extensive attention and invective, perhaps rightfully, to the ww2 croatian ustasha regime and the often scurrilous role of the croatian catholic church during this period. on the other hand, he downplays or denies the much less extensive but often quite brutal crimes of the serbian chetniks during the same period - even to the point of making the ludicrous claim that the serbian orthodox church was "never clearly associated with great serb nationalism or with the chetniks." one of the main flaws of this book is that its primary focus is on world war ii - the implication being that this period crucially influenced events in the 1990s. this is only true to a certain extent, but oversimplifies and greatly downplays the even more vital 40+ ensuing years. in fact, at times this book rather eerily resembles texts often seen in croatian and serbian newspapers during the late 1980s and early 1990s which speak of events from 50, 150 or even 500 years ago as though they happened yesterday. west's ignorance and lack of objectivity also leads him to (rather outrageously) twice refer to the kosovo albanians as `shiptars' - among non-albanians, this is a racial epithet, not a neutral descriptive term. tito, the central figure in this book, fares little better. although west has a nostalgically favorable view of tito, he offers no new insights into yugoslavia's long-time president and strongman, only the reworded observations and conclusions from other biographies, memoirs and histories, both favorable and critical. often he provides details on completely trivial matters from tito's life, at one point even citing actor richard burton's impressions of tito and his wife. aside from a few mildly engaging anecdotes taken from his own travels in yugoslavia, there is little of interest here. reading west's book is a colossal waste of time; my recommendation is for readers to check it out of a library, peruse the photographs and then go straight to the bibliography to find more worthwhile books to read on tito, ww2 and the ustasha terror and the former yugoslavia in general
a "gentle" anarchist author?.i did not buy this book for the designs---nobody should, and they are not the point of the book anyhow.  i bought it to review the technical information for my knitting classes, which according to some other knitting teachers, was first rate and unbiased, in this book..instead, on page 24, this supposedly hyper-tolerant and unbiased author lets creep in a definite intolerance towards continental purling, saying "it takes quite a contortion" and refers to "being blocked by the difficult maneuver".  while she does say in boldface everyone should knit however they want, just a few pages earlier, why then include the various slams against continental purlers?  it is simply another way to knit, and i am not the only one who does not find it contortious or difficult, at all..the other reason i do not give more stars to this book, is that the information given is really nothing new---elizabeth zimmermann's several offerings include all of the technical information of this tome, including the now-sacrosanct discussion of how the stitch is mounted (leading leg/edge, whatever you wanna call it these days) and have some truly beautiful classic designs to boot.  if you're looking for good coverage of knitting technique, you'll do much better with any of the zimmermann classics.
depressing.i found this book very depressing. anne lamott's constant self-deprecation throughout the book caused me to really doubt myself as well. i know she is doing it to show that she's human just like the rest of us, but i think she can show that without hating on herself every chance she gets (saying the 9-year-old version of herself looked like a neurotic cat woman, etc.) despite what she says about how you shouldn't do that. it's like hanging around with a bunch of anorexic models, it gets to you...this is not a good book for people who are not sure they are writers. i am not a writer but i am interested in writing and i would very much like to write fiction but i have a lot of trouble writing authentically. lamott sends the message that "as long as you're a writer, as long as you're in our secret little club, everything will be okay!"
disappointed.my first nora roberts' book....with only be persistent did i complete the book....found it to be very slow paced with an unrealistic storyline...shallow characterizatio
what happened?.this is one of the only books by nora roberts i can actually say i didnt like. it was so dissapointing i got mad everytime i looked at it. this books is about oliva and noah... the end. that is practically what it is. it started off when they were both younger, them meeting when they were older and them meeting yet again when they are mature. i guessed the story right from the beginning, and i hardly could ever do that before in any of nora robert's books. i hate to say it, but i dont reccomend this book. it was really waste of time. what happened to the quality work of ms. roberts
never will buy.the books are in fine condition.  my problem is with amazon!.i will never buy text books on amazon again!  waited over 2 months for the books that were promised within 10 days.  not just one book, but 5 out of 8 that i ordered. never, never again!
title misleading.there was hardly any mention of pixel the cat, it was alot of dialog, tried to resemble a fast paced action book, but i found myself skimming over alot of the text after a while.......for a female i like action and for the plot to move along........there was too much about dumb sexual innuendos about swinging, and multiple partner sex.i felt like the over tone to the book was "well ok we all have alot of sex with lots of different people in the future" it was too focused on that ...i liked "stranger in a strange land" alot better. by the time i was through with this book i kind of felt almost like he was just slapping stuff on a page.
still trying to figure it out....the first two-thirds of this book are great. a great heinlein thriller, with action and mystery.  then it just gets weird. almost as if douglas adams got hold of the manuscript and decided to finish it off.
don't waste your time....this book is terrible.  rah takes a perfectly good murder mystery and turns in into...well, i don't quite know what.  halfway through the book, it seems as though he had set it down for several years, came back to it to finish it off, but had nothing but nonsense on the brain.  i've seen authors pull an ending out of their hat before, but this book absolutely takes the cake.  it's not even my book and i threw it in the trash so it won't waste another person's time ever again
another self-indulgent heinlein novel.heinlein loads this book up with hooks in the early pages to catch your attention.  unfortunately, these hooks turn out to be superfluous and lead nowhere.  this shoddy technique is found in all four of hienlein's final books.  we are also treated to some of heinlein's stock characters, dirty old men, horny female computers, naked adolescent girls, and dominant beauties who would be right at home in leather and whips.  without these archetype characters most heinlein novels written after 1970 would have a sparse population indeed.  as if this isn't enough, heinlein drags in his usual cast of characters from his other novels as he is so prone to doing.  in spite of all their cameo appearances, this group remains dull and one dimensional throughout.  heinlein's earlier novels written prior to 1960 are still fine fare for young people, especially boys.  this novel, as well as most of heinlein's later work will be enjoyed primarily by a group of die hard fans and is definitely not for general consumption
this ain't starship troopers, that's for sure....first off, starship troopers is one of my top ten books period.  well done mister heinlein...this book?  in a word--ugh!   the dialogue is laughable at times, noxious at others, and sometimes entertaining enough to keep you reading to see what comes next.  sometimes what comes next is plausible and exciting and entertaining.  sometimes it is none of those.  and at one point, it's jaw-droppingly shocking and nauseating:.main male character, former military officer, is someone you learn to like a lot as you read through the book.  until you suddenly find out he's bisexual around page 300.  and had a homosexual experience he didn't find unpleasant with a boy scout leader when he was a kid.  thanks for springing that on us just before the end...bottom line:  do not recommend.  but starship troopers--get 2 copies...one to read, one to lend out
a disappointment.reading the title and description of this book, i was excited about reading it. i found the writing not up to the task! despite having a great deal of interest in the subject, after scanning the book i decided not to read it
save your money.i bought this because im a zombie fan.i wish i saved my money.the main character is a guy who is a cop and his wife is carrying some other guys baby.when they actually stop jumping in and out of bed with each other the battles with the zombies is quit boring.and of all places to build a new life they try to do it in a prison.how stupid.less sex and more action this story desperately needs.rent a good zombie movie with your ten bucks instead of buying this garbage
great company and leader - outdated and dubious book.i wavered awhile between three stars and two stars, because a company and entrepreneur as brilliant as sony and akio morita seem to deserve at least three. however, in the end, the book's errors just piled too high. it opens well, with the story of sony's founding and rise from leaking offices in a half-wrecked department store just after world war ii, to becoming one of the world's great companies. this is a fascinating and inspiring story, and morita tells it with flair...then, unfortunately, the downward spiral begins. morita consistently takes his experience at sony and assumes that every other japanese company operates the same way, which is a fantastically wrong assertion (as the last thirteen years of japan's seemingly endless recession have shown). he also frequently takes good basic management techniques, like trusting employees and giving them creative leeway, and tries to brand them as somehow uniquely "japanese"...then there are all the claims which are simply out-and-out false, such as japan supposedly having the world's best construction technology. (it actually has perhaps the worst in the industrial world, as the kobe earthquake unfortunately demonstrated.)  or how japan is supposedly a nation fanatically devoted to not wasting anything. (yet it only recently discovered the concept of "second-hand goods", instead of throwing nearly-new furniture and clothing away. plus, japanese garbage trucks groan under the weight of the world's worst overpackaging.)..reading between the lines, a person can see the roots of so many of the problems that japan faces today. for example, morita spends a good deal of words attacking the excess of lawyers in the united states. while this can, of course, sometimes be a serious problem, it also gives u.s. consumers a way to protect themselves. japan's consumers, on the other hand, without an accessible court system, are almost completely at the mercy of bureaucrats and executives. complaints about dangerous products or chemicals in drinking water are simply ignored, because they lack any threat of legal action. in another example, morita praises the "trust" and agreements without contracts that exist among japanese corporations. in reality, this "trust" is a death pact, as bankrupt inefficient companies are propped up by their buddies, instead of letting them fall and create openings for fresh and innovative entrepreneurs...other than the glimpses into sony's history and corporate culture, this book is only interesting as a museum piece - yet another in the flood of "japan is going to take over" books that came out in the eighties. although, of course, considering all the "internet companies are going to take over" books that came out in the nineties, not even this is a uniquely "japanese" phenomenon...ps: anyone wanting a healthy reality check about the current state of japan should read "dogs and demons" by alex kerr.
tedious.this has to be the most boring book i have ever read. well, i haven't quite finished it yet as it's taking forever to push my way through it. and i'm sure that more boring books exist, i just haven't read them.....i wanted to learn about kkr and lbos - particularly as a division of kkr recently bought one of the vendors supplying my own employer. i was hoping for the big picture of what took place as well as some entertaining anecdotes. but this book consists largely of page after page of uninteresting minutiae of conversations between the various parties involved. there really is no need for such detail and a little bit of editing could have halved the size of the book without losing any essential information. and a bit of theoretical discussion would have been far more valuable than some of the biographical material. it felt a bit like watching someone else's home video. it probably means a lot to the people involved, especially as they'll get the in jokes and quirks of the participants, but it's painfully boring for strangers forced to watch it out of politeness...i'm sure that much of the conversation is fiction anyway. people don't reliably remember this level of detail of converstaions over a period of years. what are remembered are broad brushstrokes - and this is what the author should have written...there are occasional moments of entertainment - like ted forstmann obsessing about the evils of junk bonds. but most of the characters seem quite flat and uninteresting....the fact is: i wanted some of this information in this book. as it provided some of this, albeit with a lot of suffering on my part, i'll give it two stars...update: well i did finish this book eventually. my final opinion is much the same
porn for aspirational middle managers.i bought this for two reasons: because i wanted to learn about lbos, and because i had heard that the journalism was good, and was hoping for something like 'the right stuff'.  the cover of my copy blurbed 'unflawed' writing, and 'all the suspense of a first-rate thriller'...the last is true only if your expectations of a first-rate thriller reach no higher than michael crichton.  the writing is a plodding 'you are there' journalism-school pastiche of the new yorker: gulfstreams are sleak, ceos are silver maned, side-kicks are bantams, lawyers look like they model for gq, etc. investment bankers bark, curse, are struck by inspiration, work off grudges and wave their lingams around at the sort of comic book level stan lee would scorn.  i finally realised, after slogging through the first 200 pages or so, that 'barbarians at the gate' is, in large part, essentially porn for aspirational middle managers...there is no-one in this book whom i would want to know, unless i were a sociologist.  but i don't even trust the sociology, because the psychology is so superficial...i did learn something about the process of lbos, and for that a star is in order.  i didn't particularly enjoy learning it.
