if you like the back of william hurt's head....the only good thing in this movie was ms. howard's performance, she is innocent and believable.   i can't understand how good actors like weaver, hurt, and phoenix would let themselves be wasted on this. the 'plain' dialogue among the 'elders' is painfully numbing, choppy, and stilted.  and the directing drove me crazy, especially since m. night...insists on filming group scenes as is he was just passing through, or following them without ever bothering with close-ups. these scenes make me feel like they were done by an amateur filmmaker with a his first video camera.   if you like the back of william hurt's head, you'll get plenty of it in this film, the camera seems to avoid his face like the plague; which is too bad, since when he finally has a good speech, we are deprived of the anger i imagine was in his eyes.  i agree with others, i would have worked better as a 30 minute twilight zone episode.  rent it first before you buy, and save some money for a classic thriller, like psycho
total garbage.this movie is the most boring, uninteresting piece of garbage i have ever.wasted my money on. the plot is stupid, the characters are dull and insipid, and the whole movie leaves you asking, as the credits run, "so what?" don't waste your money!
god awful.i knew the ending within the first 10 minutes.  m. night shamalamadingdong disappointed me and should go back to his job at denny's
coloring is terrible!.i'm not reviewing the show itself, but rather the colorization. (if you've seen the show, you know whether you like it; if you haven't seen it, you can read the many other reviews.) the show is lighthearted fun and not to be taken seriously, but if i'm bothered by the colorization, it must be really bad. unless you like jeannie with orange hair and people who look like they've drunk a bottle of ink, skip this version and get the bw set.  then you won't be constantly distracted by weird and wrong colors
let's make this short and sweet....this is one of the most boring movies i have ever seen.  i knew from the very beginning of the movie that there was no way i was going to be able to stay awake through the whole thing.  i was right; i fell asleep about fifteen minutes into it.  recently, i was offered the chance to watch it again.  i thought, "ok, i didn't see the whole thing, it might have gotten better, so i'll give it another chance." ... bad mistake.  this little tale about a horse race across a vast desert did nothing to hold my interest for very long.  hidalgo is the name of the horse.  so what?  that's about as boring as this movie.  so why the 1-star markup? cause the main character is played by viggo mortensen, of aragorn fame in the smash movie series the lord of the rings- and i do like viggo.  i did not, however, like this movie.  it's kind of fitting it should be set in a desert- cause that's exactly where this movie should be buried, never to bore another wave of audiences again.  if you find yourself overworked and in need of a nice long nap, watch hidalgo; you'll be out in no time
child didn't like.my daughters ages 4 and 9 own this dvd and don't like it.  they also own the billy blanks tae bo for kids and love it.  my 9 yr. old especially likes the tae bo better.  i bought this thinking that it would give them another kind of workout, but they don't want to do this one at all.  i thought they would, and i'm sure as the other reviews have stated, love it but they didn't.  i guess it just depends on the child
big name cast adds up to unfocussed dud. the worst movie of this genre..incredible does describe this movie- incredibly bad! this movie doesn't know what it wants to be. at times one can see attempts to recreate and milk the genuine rage and drama of "mississippi burning" or the anger and impunity of "ghosts of mississippi", or a hybrid of those and bits and pieces of other movies of this genre. at other times it looks like its just trying to draw from the sex appeal and cheesy interaction of 2 of its main actors, matthew mcconaughey and sandra bullock. as a result this movie picks up the rear in that genre's list of movies for lack of originality, and the scattered hodge podge statements it tries to make. some of my favorite actors are wasted, either by being given cliched dialogue, over acting, or being put there merely for their brand name with no script to support their presence. if this script is considered a great adaptation of a great book, then i have no interest in reading the book. i'm sure the idea and the premise looked good on paper. but the direction doesn't guide the story with any coherence or identity of its own.  bullock is mere cheesecake and is unbelievable in her role, proving she's only worthy of b-grade "miss congeniality" type crud.  mcconaughey over acts so much (as can be said for keifer sutherland and others) that it can be said he balances out the under acting of patrick mcgoohan, kevin spacey and donald sutherland. samuel l. jackson should be ashamed of himself of not only his worst performance ever, but also easily his worst choice of movies to participate in.  even the extras in this movie are horrible. enough can't be said about the terrible direction in this movie, equating elongated facial shots with drama to a fault, making sergio leone westerns look much more authentic by comparison. this is not "a powerful film." it's a powerful attempt at using a big name cast, a brand name book and a capable director to use material that they know would easily jerk the emotions of its audience, and in doing that they resort to all the cliches of this genre scattering the story line in so many directions, culminating in an over the top, pleading hunk of cheese summation scene by mcconaughey that wouldn't hold water in any real court of justice. maybe people claim greatness to this movie out of guilt, or because they haven't seen quality comparisons and classics like "mississippis burning," that has both a great script and fabulous acting. i don't know. all i know is it tugs from so many hokey directions it takes the final scene to remind everyone how it started. among the top of my most over rated movies
the schoolhouse still rocks!.for those of you whose children grew up with "conjunction junction" and other grammar rock songs, it is probably  time for you to buy this dvd set for your grandkids! this collection has all of the songs that you remember (and probably some that you don't!) i recommend playing it on your computer for easier navigation to the videos that you want to see. i do not recommend downloading the software that comes with it. it was quite difficult to navigate. simply use the media viewer that you already have installed on your computer. i really give this product 5 stars; the 2 star rating was an accident that i can't remedy.
a major disappointment.i expected so much more from this movie, i guess since the cast included two of my favorite actors (jolie  washington) and also had the always on point queen latifah as well.  i watched with full expectation to absolutely love this movie, but i walked away bitter with shattered expectations.  first off i will say that latifah was wonderful here and she proved as the only reason i smiled on occasion during this movie experience.  washington and jolie on the other hand were so unbelievable (especially washington who really strained in this role) that i was constantly asking myself "do i really like these two?" and i had to remind myself of movies like 'gia' and 'training day' to answer with a resounding "yes!"..the film follows a rookie cop (jolie) as she helps a quadriplegic ex-cop lincoln (washington) track down a serial killer mimicking the killings detailed in a book called 'the bone collector'.  the ending is really annoying since the revelation of the killer, while not who you'd pinpoint, is not of any significance and so it manages to stir up absolutely no emotion whatsoever.  it's like "oh so he/she did it...interesting"...and i'm bored.  i'd skip this one for it becomes generic within the first five minutes and stays that way until the credits finish rolling
wannabe se7en.bone collector..upon the opening scene of the movie, i was highly upset.  it was only after the movie had begun that i realized i didn't buy a porn.  c'mon!  bone collector!?  that was a clever little marketing ruse you did there universal.  nice one.  you won't get me again...it's a psycho-sexual thriller, with angelina jolie hitting on a genius gimp who has a knack for riddles, nuts and bolts, and jigsaw puzzles.  this guy is so smart he could probably beat ken jennings in jeopardy.  he even has an awesome, magical straw that controls one of those tempur-pedic beds.  he can make the bed recline with a magic straw!!  unfortunately, he didn't do the bowling ball and wine glass trick...together with the gimp and his incredible pull within the police force that he is no longer a member of, jolie (who is transferred from to homicide because she used a dollar bill to measure something) begins to unscramble the riddle of corpses, clues, comic books, and ancient steam pipes, leading to a super-duper surprise hunky-dory ending in which everything is perfect, and butterflies land on retarded kids' heads.  only, there are a few major plot-holes:.1)	there is no way that jolie would have switched departments..2)	there is no way that washington would have had that much pull..3)	there is no way the serial killer would have left all the clues when he could just go for his main target to begin with..4)	the clues that are so cleverly figured out don't even lead to figuring out who the killer is...things learned from this movie: .-ed o'neill is more versatile than the al bundy role.  .-make sure to never get into a cap driven by other than an arab guy..-i hate the fact that queen latifah, a person as talented as a stick of butter, has somehow managed to squeeze into a small sliver of celebrity.  the fifteen minutes have been over for quite some time now.  leave...in the end it's a mediocre movie from which i expected more.  given the combo of washington and jolie, there really should have been greatness.  it's a preposterous renter at best
ridiculously non-believable.this movie is just so tragically non-believable, that it irritates the viewer and you have to quit on it. ..good cast, but what stupidity in the script. are they serious letting us believe that a serial killer is re-enacting crimes from an almost 100-year old novel...and so angelina jolie goes to a decades abandoned meatpacking storehouse and can still smell the manure??????..duhhh --- the place has been abandoned for decades. more non-believably, you mean to tell me a real estate developer hasn't snatched up the property and razed the building. that it has sat undisturbed so that even the manure is intact decades later?..i'm sorry -- when movies use plot devices so amateursishly like this, i bail on the whole project.
"funniest movie ever?" - not even close!.apparently this is one of those "cult" movies that has a small but dedicated following, even though most people have never heard of it. nothing wrong with that, but be aware that the reviews you'll read here are from a very skewed sample of movie fans. i love good comedy, and so does my wife, but both of us found this movie terminally dull. it's basically a one-joke movie -- the joke being that the people in it (the characters, not the actors) are totally untalented, but also totally oblivious to that fact. so they just keep on doing their unfunny bits. .."waiting for guffman" does not appear on the american film institute's list of 100 funniest movies. nor is it on the imdb list of 50 top comedies, as rated by thousands of movie fans. so anyone who tells you this movie is the "funniest movie ever" or "hilarious" is definitely out of the mainstream...i'll give guest and his usual crew credit for doing something a bit off the beaten path. the improv/mockumentary format has the potential to be funny, but in this mess of a movie, it doesn't work very well. there are some funny bits (david cross is always a stitch) but too much of it just falls flat. it feels like something that would have worked on snl as a 10-minute sketch, but as a full-length movie it just crawls. ..ok, i've said my piece -- and i'm sure that i'll get lots of "not helpful" ratings from the movie's rabid fans who make up the majority of the folks that will check out this title. but if you're not a fan of slow, dry, improvisational movies, be warned: you won't find "waiting for guffman" very amusing
i agree with "unwatchable.".horrible family you care nothing for, and nobody you'd want in your own, and that's saying a lot since every family on earth is dysfunctional.  even the nutty grandmother makes you want to slap her.  hell, i really want to slap everyone on the cast, crew, and the writers.  i bought this for 5 bucks, and it wasn't worth 5 cents.  these people are unsympathetic, unbelievable, and totally made up.  the women wear too much eye-liner and spend most of the film rolling their eyes at each other and showing their midriffs.  i bought the movie because of johnathan schaech (based--okay--on his pretty face and his presence in that thing you do), but he's not even in it that much.  he's better looking than all the girls in it too--including the phony poser lesbian with the fabulous midriff when alyssa dumps her.  i fast forwarded through this after the first half, pausing occasionally to hear dialogue that made dumb and dumber look like  hemingway.  ..in summation, if you like this movie, you have been dumbed down by the evil hollywood machine, and i suggest you check out good foreign films like a good marriage and beautiful scandals like valmont immediately.  there is no excuse for liking unmoving, plastic dreck of this nature.
unwatchable.character studies of dysfunctional families is a fairly common comedy device.  however, in most such efforts, there are enough likable traits to counterbalance the unlikeable ones.  we found no redeeming qualities in any of the major characters.  even the bride (who is supposed to carry the film) seemed fake and unlikeable.  we watched about 20 minutes of this dvd and ditched it in favor of something else.  for a much better "quirky family" movie, wait for "the family stone" to come out on dvd
cliched story, inferior animation..we're deep into the formula now with computer animated films -- and over the hedge is one of the most tired of the bunch. can anyone say buzz and woody? chicken run? the exterminator is the stock villain in cgi movies --almost identical to the vintage toy collector in toy story 2. how many times can you do the a-bomb joke.....worse still is the dialogue, the painfully unfunny one-liners, and the .see-saw animation that is either dull or like a pinball machine with sight gags and explosions. it is clear that each of these animators are trying to outdo one another, and that once again we see a cleverly-disguised lack of locations -- or interest. there must be nothing easier to craft and render than endless rows of geometric homes and a single proscenium of forest. this film is a by-the-numbers piece of merchandising with very little genuine artistry.
very complicated..after about 10 weeks of intensive dance lessons or a season of cheer practice your child should be easily able to perform the first five minutes of the "warm up".  otherwise, they will be very frustrated. it is very fast, very complicated.  well choregraphed but even the "break it down" segment moves at double speed.
byou.my 11 year old daughter found this too hard to keep up with.  i think it is best for those with a dance background.  the music is good, though
too fast, too complicated, my daughter was in tears.i wish i had read the other reviews before i purchase this dvd.  it is obvious that a profession choreographer was not involved in the making of this product at all.  you are shown too many moves at once and they are shown to you very quickly.  even the "break down" section of the dvd is impossible to follow.  very disappointing
oh. my. goodness..i'll start off by saying that this movie had a lot of promise in the beginning. the dialogue (especially a lot of sebastion's lines) was really witty and smart. .but somewhere near the climax, the movie turned into another sappy teen romance movie. that really disappointed me. i was hoping for something a little more than that. and (spoiler) what also really disappointed me about this movie was when annette lost her virginity. her character changed so fast that it was unbelievable! it would have been more interesting if she had stayed a virgin
femme fatales or very lame?.terrible direction, terrible writing, it almost feels like the director didn't know what he was working with. although this movie wanted to be in the same race and quality of the movie clue, it fails to realize that the plot and characters are incredibly riculous and not funny ha ha but funny stupid. it was a total watse of good celluloid
if this is "great," no wonder the french are exterminating themselves.the total absence of normative values makes for tedium, and revulsion, not for greatness...nor even, for that matter, for titillation...when even father/daughter incest is treated as a matter of callous indifference, it becomes easy to see why the french are exterminating themselves, by refusing to reproduce themselves. at the fertility rate of 1.4 children per family, the french nation will be gone in another few generations. this movie will help the viewer see why...sociologically and philosphically interesting, in that it epitomizes the banality of evil, and demonstrates the futility of putting lipstick on a pig. secularism is devoid of soul, and offers nothing to live for, nothing to live by.
sliding scales.this is the first movie i have seen whose rating slipped further the longer it played. .."eight women" is the story of, well, eight women, who are trapped by a snowstorm -- all 5 inches of it. the man of the house has been murdered in the night. young and old, black and white, of different classes, the women must try to determine who the killer is. "eight women" is also a movie about secrets, of which everyone seems to have several. the plot has more twists and turns than an alpine road on the tour de france. yet the first 2/3 of the film is tolerable, funny and even a bit interesting. the characters are self-interested and fun. there's dotty old grandma, a prissy, hysterical virgin aunt, the dead man's vampish sister and coltish young maid, two daughters, a somber yet elegant wife (catherine deneuve) and a black cook. plenty of class and age tension to make three movies...did i mention the music? every twenty minutes or so, one of the characters breaks into song. these are always those stereotypical french songs -- full of longing and sadness and references to sleep and springtime -- that are tedious to american ears. and bizarre. while one character sings, the rest do slow little dances. strange...by the 2/3 mark, i was going to give this quirky film 4 stars. but soon, the plot line spun out of control, getting more and more manic until it finally derailed completely with a tragic ending. definitely not recommended unless you are desperate need of a bizarre experience.
no depth.this really didn't help me understand the mind of lesbians.  it was poorly written or acted or presented or something.  i was looking for insight to try and gain appreciation for the lifestyle so that i could better understand the culture, but was left with a silly sex movie.  very disappointed.   i regret the purchase... should have gotten rent instead
how to destroy your career in one simple movie.george sluizer's original dutch-french version of the vanishing (aka the man who wanted to know) offers one of european cinema's most quietly disturbingly anonymous and everyday sociopaths, feeling his way one step at a time towards murder. if you've seen that version, you probably still can't get the final revelation out of your head, but the film had plenty more to offer than that, playing with chronology, subverting the usual cliches of its 'lady vanishes' plot (the hero wants to know what happened to his missing lover far more than he wants her to be alive) and throwing in some excellent characterization. i can only assume that for this 1993 us remake sluizer was so determined that no-one else was going to get the chance to ruin his film when he was perfectly capable of doing it himself, but few people could have anticipated how comprehensively he trashes his own work. his career never recovered...chief culprit is an astonishing performance by jeff bridges that has been overthought through in every detail to a truly disastrous level. a friend who produced one of his earliest movies noted that bridges was a great instinctive actor as long as you stopped him thinking about what he was doing, and this film is the proof of the pudding. every movement is overly mechanical in its precision, making him look like a rusty clockwork toy, while his voice is a bizarre mixture of tootsie, latka gravas from taxi and a dalek who have all been taking elocution lessons from dok-tah e-ville. no banality of evil here, just a looney walking around with an invisible sign over his head saying "please. let. me. kill. you. thank you. for your. consideration.' ..but the blame really needs to be shared out here. none of the performances are good: often, they don't even look good - keifer sutherland looks more like a baby hamster than a distraught man at his wits end in the hurried scenes at the gas station, nancy travis flounders badly and sandra bullock makes no impression at all as the object of his obsession. not that they're given any help by either director or writer todd graff. the script is particularly weak. the chronology has been altered to put the focus firmly on bridges at the expense of the couple at the opening of the film. worse is the rush the film is in, draining the life and character from each scene in its race to get to the next. rather than the high/low mood shifts in the couple's relationship or the apparently casual but careful establishing of the feel of the location, we just get a couple of arguments that give you the impression that he's probably better off without her. as for the new and improved happy ending - standard woman chased by nutter in the woods jeopardy stuff complete with lame `let's end on a joke like a tv cop show' moment - best not go there... which is advice that holds for this entire trainwreck of a movie. even a shockingly bland and uninspired jerry goldsmith score can't do anything for this one.
embarrassing.why did they even bother transferring this movie to dvd?  seriously?  the [...] child of a masterpiece, "the vanishing" sports some of the most half-hearted performances and sometimes downright hilarious performances of the 90's...this isn't a matter of comparison.  this movie, all by itself, just sucks. if i hadn't seen the original i'd just think, "what a brilliant plot, too bad they decided to bury it (no pun intended) with everything else in the movie". jeff bridges manages an unintentional bust a gut type performance as the sociopathic professor; his accent is so forced and ridiculous that one wonders occasionally if this a parody of that great, gut wrenchingly disturbing, hitchcockian 1988 movie.  sandra bullock and kiefer sutherland are themselves, which add nothing to the movie. ..and the ending.  oh, the ending.  we've been cheated.  totally cheated.  all the power that this clunker might have had is torn away in a fervor of "it has to be upbeat!" hollywood cornball syndrome.  sandra bullock is rescued, the villain is hit with a shovel, and everything is a-ok!  even though kiefer sutherland's original girlfriend has been buried alive and suffocated.  this is [...]of a great movie.
unable to review.unable to see the movie. received the original shipment, and later a replacement, and both had the same defects and we were unable to watch the movie
broadway's lost treasures.i can't write a review because i had to send both cd's back because they would not play.  i just ordered another one yesterday, and here's hoping that will be okay
great cd but didn't want wide screen.the cd was great and extra scenes on the cd were really good, however it could have been advertised that it was the wide screen cd and i would have bought another! so i wasted $21.00 as i have a hd tv but not wide screen.
i tried, i really tried......i've been told by many people that this show was an american monty python.  while it is slightly better than snl (bob odenkirk, the co-creator of this series, rarely got any of his sketches on the air while he toiled at snl, so this show was the result), it still isn't particularly funny.  the only sketches i liked were the "burger" commercial in season one, the iguana sketch (odenkirk plays an iguana very well), and the jesus christ superstar parody is really good (though not particularly funny...just well shot and edited, it feels almost like a tribute).  but other sketches drag on and on (particularly the infomercial parody), and many feel forced.  the repartee between cross and odenkirk doesn't really work well either.  i tried to get into this show, but just couldn't.  sorry...
boooriiiiiing!!!!!.i want the two hours of my life back!.after all the talk about what a cult classic this film is! what a waste of time! maybe this movie was a novelty to american moviegoers in 1973. that time is past (even then, the "robots attack people" concept was hardly new). now this is just a boring b movie with bad acting and anticlimactic action. this film is only good for academic or nostalgic purposes. unless you are doing a research paper on american sci-fi cinema, or you are in your 40s and enjoyed this movie as a kid, or you just like boring anticlimactic b movies, avoid this dull piece of drivel..i feel cheated!
bad porn.the setting of this film is in the late 70s, just before adult movie theatres were driven out of business by the invention of the vcr and the subsequent explosion of pornographic vhs tapes.  burt reynolds plays a porno director who has the effrontry to try and be "artistic" in his craft.  heather graham plays his psycho-starlet, and mark wahlberg plays a porn star who is....well.....let's just say, endowed...wahlberg's character quickly becomes a huge hit and encounters success he would have never dreamed of. wahlberg's character seems to be a sort of oblique allusion to john holmes, although i don't know if the film-makers would admit as much.   at any rate, he becomes arrogant and begins to believe that he is loved for factors other than his "package."  this hubris leads to his un-doing as the world of porn coalesces with the world of drugs and lots of shady characters...this sounds like it would be the framework for a good movie.  well, it could have been, but all the way through there seems to be something missing.  there are times the film "seems" to try and convey a message, but i'm not really sure.  . .one thing i do know is that i quickly remembered why i've never cared for wahlberg.  he has all the screen presence of a bowl of yogurt.   also, i was expecting a lot more skin than what the film delivered.  given the context of the film, one would think that it would be an excuse to parade miles of topless women.  that's simply not the case...in the end, however, the biggest problem of this movie isn't wahlberg or the lack of nudity.  the difficulty is that it's just plain boring.  i have more than a passing interest in the history of porn, and yet this flick failed to grab me
buyer beware.i give the dvd a 1 star not the movie. just to let you guys know about a new disc set coming out. finally this morning, disney has delayed the dvd release of the crimson tide: unrated  extended edition from 3/14 to 5/16. no word as to why
no stars from a  cold war submariner.i watched the film in the theater when it came out, was very disappointed in all the inaccuracies. trying to "entertain"/ educate people on a subject matter so serious with a plot so ludicrous is irresponsible at best. the pet dog was cute but also unrealistic. the book "the gold crew" had a more believable plot...  having served on a few ballistic missile submarines, i find it an insult to the crews of the boats especially to the captains and officers... it's understandable why the navy refused to bless this. by placing there seal of approval on this film they would be saying it could happen, which it couldn't as depicted. too much control and too many people in the loop to allow it... from november 15, 1960-may 25, 2001. the navy completed 3500 deterrent patrols which roughly equates to 671 years of combined ship service on alert ready to launch. and there still out there boring holes in the water
medicore at best.i really felt like i had to give some real insight to the people who are wondering whether they should watch this or not.you people writing the reviews are being waaay to generous to this movie.with how slow the movie started off you would think that the relationship between the two main characters would slowly and steadily build up-from a close friendship to a romantic relationship...the guys don't even display a close friendship at the beginning, how are they gonna jump from "a guy you see during soccer practice and around your building" to "hot and heavy can't live without each other love"?it's not believable, and doesn't make for a good coming of age love story that this movie tries to be.the movie just hits you with an abrupt and sudden love scene, and from there they are suddenly in love and everything.in fact,there is no indication that either character is gay until that scene.i mean it would have been nice if the movie showed that one guy was into his neighbor or checked him out from time to time, or even was interested in guys in general but as i said before the movie doesn't display any type of interest the guys may have in each other or just guys in general until the love scene...don't get me wrong,i enjoyed the movie but the reviewers here aren't really giving an accurate representation of the movie and are highly overrating it.so if your in the mood for an ok gay teen movie by all means grab some popcorn sit back and enjoy.if you're looking for a masterpiece of cinema involving a gay relationship.look somewhere else.this is not the movie
what a snooze fest..it is hard to believe that the same team that made gettysburg made this verbose waste of time.  this movie almost guarantees that the last full measure will never be filmed and that is a shame...it was a mistake to take stephen lang and put him in the role of jackson.  jackson was considered, even by his contemporaries, a military genius but crazy by half.  the film missed the mark with their attempt to show his religious convictions and his devotion to duty.  lang had him speaking in long winded prose that sounded like bad soap opera dialog desperately trying to be shakespearean.  the prayer scene in the morning? puke!  it could have been a voice over with battles scenes or soldiers marching, or anything else rather than what became just a terrible scene...most of the "women" folk of the south were equally sappy and long winded, and i hate to say it but i was glad when the too precocious for words overacting child died of scarlet fever i was glad to be rid of her.  her scenes should have been left on the cutting room floor.  i get it jackson was "such a warrior and a peaceful lover of children at the same time what a diametrically opposed individual" give me a break, i hate being force feed like that.  a better director could have gotten the same point across quicker and more subtly.  ..then there is chamberlain quoting shakespeare while all around him look off to the distance with thousand yard stares.  ..there is supposedly 4 to 6 hours of footage lying around to this film.  i would love to see it reworked by a better director into what it should have been.  a narrative like gettysburg that goes back and forth between a few central characters in a logical sequence without all the ham fisted attempts a proselytizing and all the noblesse oblige...if you must see it borrow it, rent it, but don't waste money buying it unless it is in the $3 bin at the local dirtmart...gettysburg is much better.  i actually missed sheen and i hate that guy
a nauseatingly addictive train wreck..i just got through watching this dmytryk film on tcm tonight, and all i can say is that if you are looking for the george peppard who played paul varjak in breakfast at tiffany's, forget it.  in fact, he is so cold and so stiff (i realize he's trying to play a nasty howard hughes knockoff), that a cardboard figurine would have been just as convincing in his stead...outside of great costumes and sets, this movie is long and boring.  where it's not boring it's a snicker inducing raunchfest.  poor alan ladd in his final role, barely having to act as he plays a drunken hasbeen, and elizabeth ashley who is the only redeeming character in the entire plot and also resembles audrey hepburn to a scary degree in the last half of this debacle.  carroll baker may be sexy in her lingerie, but she's so over-the-top with her heavy breathing and her lingerie that you actually want to cheer when her car goes off the road...i can think of better ways to pass my time for 2 and 1/2 hours than this...like watching the mating rituals of moth-eaten underwear.  still, you just can't stop watching it through to its unrealistic ending.  if i'd have thought beating up one of my old flames after years of his acting like a total jag would have changed him overnight, i'd have done it long ago!  if you must see this lousy piece of 60's smut, make sure you rent it or come across it on tv before you go buying it.  i've seen corpses that are more convincing than peppard was in this flick!
the carpetborers.this overwrought tripe is the cinematic equivalent to a dead fish.  it doesn't work as good trash or as high camp.  edward dmytryk directs harold robbins' source material with a lead foot.  george peppard made a larger artistic contribution when he was on "the a-team".  alan ladd, who had the misfortune to have this as his last film credit, essentially sleepwalks through this picture.  it's equally unfortunate that talented actors like carroll baker, elizabeth ashley, and martin balsam are associated with this swill.  heck, i even feel bad for former boxing champ archie moore in his having to play the thankless role of houseboy.  the film's lone redeeming quality are the costume designs by edith head(the women's lingeree in particular).  if you must waste 150 minutes of your time it's better spent watching paint dry or grass grow
truly sad....how dumb movies can get. then again, maybe i was stupid to expect a spark of intelligence in this film. just to give you fair warning, matt (the main character) is the only mildly pleasant person in this entire film. matt decides to get rid of sex for lent because of a bad break-up. in his endeavor, he proves to be a rather bumbly but sweet guy who is sadly surrounded by horrid jerks who mess up his life. most of the film involves matt trying desperately to keep his vow of chastity and/or his horrid male friends trying to either get him to break it or checking up on him by running flashlights over his bed in an attempt to find semen; no joke! not only are his friends hormone induced morons, but nosier than middle-school girls to boot! one of them even thought it would be funny to make his vow public, which led to a whole new series of taunting. since this film is full of dumb-male stereotypes, i rather wish they had added the one that portrays guys as automatically violent when they're angry, because matt's friends deserved to have their empty skulls bashed in (they irritated me a bit, can you tell?) however, as bad as most of the guys in this film are, the girls aren't any better. apparently the filmmakers decided to fit bad stereotypes for both sexes in the story, because all the girls were soulless harpies who manipulated matt and never got what they deserved. first, there's nicole, the one who dumped matt. when she hears of his vow, she decides she wants him back, refuses to take no for an answer, then rapes him (yes, rapes him) later in the film when he's handcuffed to a bed and asleep. nice girl, isn't she? matt's new love interest, erica, is not much better. throughout the film, she yells at him and throws tantrums like a five-year-old for no good reason. first, she gets mad because he didn't tell her the instant he met her about his vow for lent. she pulled up all kinds of dishonesty bull and claimed that he had wronged her. why, because he hadn't revealed his personal business to her the minute they met? they weren't even a couple yet! rather than realizing that she's a guy's worst nightmare and running for the hills, he spends the whole film tripping over himself to please her. her dumbest moment was later in the film when she didn't believe that his ex had taken advantage of him. you'd think the fact that he was handcuffed to a bed and struggling to get free would've tipped her off! again, he's the one who apologizes; why not just put her on her broom and send her back where she came from? normally i'm not this scathing in my reviews, but this film is the lowest of the low in intelligence and very high in crudeness. not recommende
"o" please!!!!!!!.for me this movie is a painfull thing to watch. i wish that i could give this 0 stars. the infamous fake "o" scene kind of recked true intamacy for me. it may be true that women do this but it is one of the worst kind of lie imaginable. ..one of the truths for us guys is that when we are cuddiling with a woman we fanasise that we are with the first girl we fell in love with. ..just fyi.
something little kids *might*  enjoy.i couldn't get into this movie. it was boring, too long, and i couldn't wait for it to be over with. george was annoying and he should've been tranquilized and thrown into the zoo. the only thing i liked about the movie was the use of computer animation to enhance the traditional cartooning
looks like a routine television program..i am amazed and mystified that most of the reviewers herein found the movie to be excellent!! as for me, i made it about thirty minutes into the film before turning it off in dismay. the fault in order of importance: poor screenplay, poor cinematography and poor performance by pacino, who seems to be vying for the most over-the-top performance. the film was absurd in many ways from the outset: the pans from star to star lasting just short of giving the viewer any purpose for any of the fast camera pans. close-up after close-up conveying no meaning, pacino overacting like jack palance in one of his not-so-famous european pieces of tripe from the sixties and seventies, an utterly dumb plot with pacino and company proving at the beginning that they are bumbling cops. ..first example, they chase the bad guy to a cabin which is on stilts or something like that; then, instead of staying on the ground below and smoking the bad guy out or something at least tactically sound, they storm the stairs and pacino stands right in front of the door yelling "police, you're under arrest."..they kick in the front door and find that the culprit has escaped through an underground water source. of course, pacino follows and dives right into the underwater stream, having absolutely no idea where the guy is or if there are boobytraps of some sort. ..cut to pacino running around in nearly zero visibility fog, glimpsing the guy for a second or two before losing him in the fog. stumbling around further, pacino is obviously disoriented until a shot is fired at him from, we must assume, his quarry. did the screen writer forget that pacino's colleagues are also supposedly chasing the culprit, too? ..inevitably and apparently not, because pacino spots a figure in the fog and plugs him. as i watched this scene unfold, i became thoroughly disheartened when it becomes clear what i knew already, that pacino has fired on and killed his partner. it was then that i decided that i had had enough. ..by the way, the european version, with stellan skarsgaard is infinitely superior. don't waste your money or on-line rental queue on this hollywood drivel. ditto for the other pacino junk i rented at the same time, the recruit, which i could only stand for about a half hour too
disappointing in more ways than as a remake.it's not just that this film is a bloated remake of a quick, clean, near-perfect minimalist thriller. it's not that much of the added material (particularly the internal affairs sub-plot) feels tacked-on and unnecessary. it's not even that pacino's character is a toned-down shell of the dangerously off-kilter detective of the original, that one of the more complicated characters (frya selmer/tanya francke) has been reduced down to set dressing, or that the ending ruins the film's moral atmosphere. it's the fact that nolan, a sublimely talented director, is unable to coax a believable performance from any of his leads. pacino does the method-acting bit again, taking it over the top in every single scene; hilary swank plays a pale imitation of her better roles as the down-to-earth hometown girl; and robin williams--well, he's robin williams. the kids in this film, katharine isabelle and jonathan jackson, turn in fine performances that, while hardly career-makers (which they couldn't be, considering how far their roles have been pared down), are a refreshing change of pace from their adult contemporaries' mugging. see the film for their far-too-short performances, but make sure you rent it, and don't pay too much to do so
the biggest miscasting in movie history!!!!.i give this version 2 stars, 1 for natalie wood, who is superb, and 1 for the story itself. rosiland russell who was a great actress,(auntie mame, the women), but definately not a singer, is miscast big time!! if they had done the right thing and cast ethel merman, the combination of merman and natalie wood would make this a classic today, which it definately is not. the bette midler version is far superior
not enough natalie and certainly not enough bump and grind.i suppose it's alright if you like overlong musicals focusing on maniacal, manipulative mothers
no habeas, not much corpus, and definitely not delictus.i hate lawyers...what is a lawyer, anyway? basically: it's a telemarketer in a decent suit, a guy who would be hawking the latest ronco hair-in-a-can super-duper late night special to folks in akron over his plantronic headset, only he won the genetic lottery and got shot out of an upper-middle class womb. ..shakespeare said it first and best: "first, let's kill all the lawyers!". former enron uber-dealmaker john wing put a little fast-times houston spin on that one: "get all the lawyers in a room---and shoot 'em!---in the mouth, so you *can't* miss!" ..exactly. anyway, "the firm" is a flick that purports to make the world of high-priced yappers jaw-rippingly exciting, so i was probably all amped up to despise it. ..but not really: back before i dug into a gig with the dark side in high finance, back when i was hefting a backpack over the sodden campus of my old alma mater, i briefly considered going into law: briefly, for about an hour. it was a desperate time, and i needed money. ..why did i consider walking hell's highway, if only for an instant? because john grisham, boring lawyer-turned-ripping-potboiler-writer-turned-back-into-boring-lawyer, a kind of tom clancy for the paper-pusher and green-eyeshade set, made it all sound pretty damned funky (and lucrative! hey, dig that bmw 7 series, baby, beep beep!) in his engrossing little novel "the firm": granted, i've read better prose on the backs of cereal boxes, but it held my attention. ..i mean, seriously: you're 19, and the whole flying out on the corporate lear to grand cayman and switching out briefcases full of cash sounds kinda cool. and strippers, man, plenty of strippers. oh, and did someone mention a bmw?..what's the difference between a lawyer and a snake? the snake at least has the decency to hiss before it sinks its fangs into your a**. ..now it's true: grisham writes like kim jong il sings, but---in "the firm", anyway---he was a master craftsman at moving things along at a bristling pace, from the pedestrian---hotshot law school whiz kid gets picked up by a memphis white-shoe law firm---to the pretty damned atrocious, all while keeping the pressure ratcheted up with a dense, suffocating sense of malice. ..grisham, like michael crichton, isn't a prose genius: he's not even mediocre. but he writes for film, and "the firm" cried out for cinematic treatment. ..so it's baffling that, with all the right stuff---tom cruise as winsome lead mitch mcdeere, gene hackman doing his chain-drinking gene hackman thang as the corrupt (but ultimately worn-out and pathetic) senior partner, and sydney pollack helming it up---that the big-screen treatment of "the firm" is such a yawner. ..talk about contempt of court...pollack takes all that intricately woven little grisham-plot and barfs big ugly chunks of it up on the screen. at its guts, really, "the firm" was really nothing more than the big career nightmare: i've bet the farm on this gig, i'm getting big money, i'm working like a fiend, my wife is having trouble remembering my name, and evidently i'm not doing tax-deals for loaded clients---i'm doing money laundering for the mob. ..pollack just mangles the whole thing, convolutes the simple, and renders up a flick that will have you checking your watch and yawning. casting is part of the problem: cruise does his thing, running around memphis with his briefcase. hackman drinks a lot and exudes pure armani-clad sleaze: "the firm" is all funny-wrinkles when he's onscreen, but hey, a man can only do so much. ..jeanne tripplehorn (cruise's squeeze), who plays lara san giacomo when she's not playing tripplehorn (seriously, google the two of 'em: astounding!) is a bitter old battleaxe who made me want to stick forks in my eyes. wilford brimley is just plain wrong as the firm's security chief: too bald, too cracker, too rotund, too silly, too low-end, to do the role justice. ..holly hunter is even worse: hunter is one of those eighties thangs who got pumped up as something sexy, which is baffling, given that she's about 3'8, and has all the sex appeal of an oompah-loompah. it doesn't help that she's a big, ugly southern stereotype, the caricature most denizens of dumpy michigan towns imagine southerners to be. you want her to die: she doesn't. pollack wants us to think she's clever and funny. she isn't. ..ed harris, i think, is in this movie. so is hal holbrook, which kinda ruins everything, because everytime hal holbrook is in a movie you know you're dealing with a bunch of friggin' crooks.  ..anyway, the coup de grace to the stupidity is the entrance, deus ex machina, of paul sorvino (don morolto---what kind of goombah name is dat, anyway? somebody call tony soprano!), who takes this juggernaut of boredom from the merely stupid to the totally ridiculous. ..if you wanna see tom cruise running around memphis with his briefcase for two hours, by all means belly up to the bar. ..otherwise, case dismissed. ..js
hard to find dvd.this romantic comedy was charming, funny, and clever. i recommend it to anyone who doesn't have a problem with heavy british accents. (if you do, try it with captions). it was fun, funny, and a nice pick-me-up when one needs a lift
let's make this short and sweet....this is one of the most boring movies i have ever seen.  i knew from the very beginning of the movie that there was no way i was going to be able to stay awake through the whole thing.  i was right; i fell asleep about fifteen minutes into it.  recently, i was offered the chance to watch it again.  i thought, "ok, i didn't see the whole thing, it might have gotten better, so i'll give it another chance." ... bad mistake.  this little tale about a horse race across a vast desert did nothing to hold my interest for very long.  hidalgo is the name of the horse.  so what?  that's about as boring as this movie.  so why the 1-star markup? cause the main character is played by viggo mortensen, of aragorn fame in the smash movie series the lord of the rings- and i do like viggo.  i did not, however, like this movie.  it's kind of fitting it should be set in a desert- cause that's exactly where this movie should be buried, never to bore another wave of audiences again.  if you find yourself overworked and in need of a nice long nap, watch hidalgo; you'll be out in no time
soo primitive.the movie is a about a guy, who does a lot of work and no fun and then feels sorry about that. that's pretty much the whole story. well, the idea is quite powerful but not new, the characters are done in the "comics" style and very primitive, the jokes are quite boring. ..actually what is really amazing, that it could've been ok to watch as a family movie, but a few really tasteless jokes made it pg13 rated without adding any fun, so the movie about family values is not appropriate for kids...too boring for adults, not appropriate for kids, too much moral for young crowd - i can't really think who might like it
a dreary melodrama marketed as a comedy [2.5 stars].don't watch click if you're in the mood for a light-hearted comedy.  the middle of the film is miserable.  of course, it has a hollywood happy ending.  the comedy bits are ok but few and far between.  if click had been marketed as a drama, this would be less of a problem. ..the story line has some great life lessons.  without giving away too much, the morals of this movie are: 1.  put family first; 2. don't wish your life away, but enjoy every minute of it, even the mundane.  for driving home those lessons, click has some value.  it is also great to see adam sandler do well in a dramatic role.  he has more range than you might imagine.  ..but there's something very unsatisfying about watching click that's not fixed by the sugar-coated ending or the few bits of sandler-esque pranks and smartass jokes. in short, it's a mediocre film
use your remote to turn this film off....i had heard that this film was "really funny" and "worth watching".  i'm not a big adam sandler fan but i am a fan of kate beckinsale and christopher walken.  i was sorely disappointed with this film.  the audience can't relate to the main character at first because he is just down right irritating.  i was hoping that the gags would get funnier but they didn't.  i also found most of the film rather depressing as we watch the main characters life being slowly destroyed around him.  overall click was ok, kate beckinsale looked beautiful as usual but even that was not enough to save it.  i would not recommend buying this film.
a wonderfull life? i don't think so...............acting----------------5 out of 10, walken gets all 5 points.directing-------------3 out of 10, 3rd movie with coraci, no more please.location/scenery------3 out of 10, bed, bath and beyond the only savior.comedy rating---------4 out of 10, come on, sandler will make you laugh atleast a couple of times.quality---------------4 out fo 10, 70 million price-tag and i see grain? ..total score----------19 out of 50, grade d+..violence-------------low, mostly comical, nothing nasty.blood/gore-----------none.nudity---------------none.sex------------------none.language-------------medium high, one f'bomb, lots more of the rest.overall--------------teens will love it, specially the younger ones..      i have enjoyed many a adam sandler movie, happy gilmore is still one of the funniest movies ever, and the waterboy will always be one of my favorite comedies as well, but he sure missed here. if not for the amazing, sensational and hilarious christopher walken, this would have been a total bomb. the jokes he makes at sandler's expense are right-on and it's a shame he wasn't in the movie alot more. sandler over-acts big time, and when he tries to get you to cry for him, well, i'd just about had enough by then. granted, you will laugh a few times, this is adam sandler, and for the most part, the man is a comic genius, i'd just wish he would have made either a comedy or a drama, not both...but what really, and i mean really dragged this movie down was the complete and total waste of one kate beckinsale. this is one of the hottest, sexiest, fiery women in film today, and she looked absolutely lost in this. if selene see's this, she is gonna kick kate square in the booty for wasting her time with this. drew berrymore would have been perfect for the role, and who knows, might have improved it even................a littl
can we be proud that we are american's for once.the film why we fight, i believe is nothing more than another movie that looks to criticize america. i felt that the movie, only told one side of the argument, and that side was clearly not pro-america. the film portrays the united states as a power hungry nation, which is looking to create an empire and extend its influence around the world. the film constantly criticizes the decisions of america leaders to engage into foreign combat. the film however, does not present an alternative solution. it fails to take into consideration that america may be acting out of self defense. the film constantly criticizes america for engaging in combat throughout the world. what i have to say to the director of this film is: is it not alright to defend your nation, after terrorist drive planes into two buildings, killing 3,000 people? is it not alright to defend your nation against religious zealots, who are looking to destroy your way of life? is it wrong to attempt to bring freedom and peace to the middle east, by toppling a murderous dictator? when i see these questions, i have to answer no to all of them. i feel that if america feels threatened, it should not have to seek permission to defend itself. president bush put it properly i feel when he stated "after the chaos and carnage of september 11th, it is not enough to serve our enemies with legal papers," and "america will never seek a permission slip to defend the security of our people." this film can criticize america and label it as a bully nation, but these terrorist must be brought to justice. president eisenhower once said, "peace and justice are two sides of the same coin." as the most powerful nation in the world, it is our duty to spread freedom throughout the world. it is our duty to allow the people of other countries the privilege of enjoying the same rights that we as americans, sometimes take for granted. since when, has it become wrong to defend your nation. why must america be criticized for engaging in conflict, when it feels threatened? is it not the job of the president of the united states to defend the 300 million people he was elected to represent? does anybody think for a second that these people would hesitate to attack america again, if they are given the chance? we can never let our guard down. freedom does not come free. on september 11, 2001 we saw firsthand how evil, those who want to destroy us can be. you can not negotiate with these types of people. the only way to solve this problem and protect ourselves is to act decisively with force. on the morning of the september 11, 2001 attacks, president bush stated that "freedom itself was attacked this morning by a faceless coward, and freedom will be defended." indeed freedom was and is being defended, and i see nothing wrong with that. words are not enough to protect our nation. president theodore roosevelt said, "great thoughts speak only to the thoughtful mind, but great actions speak to all mankind," and our great action, will be to defend this great nation. in the words of president hoover, "freedom is the open window through which pours the sunlight of the human spirit and human dignity," and it is america's job to ensure that the people of the world have the opportunity to live in freedom. remember: "words without actions are the assassins of idealism." herbert hoove
attempts to be provokative, turns out ultra-violent gore.the ideas behind 15 minutes aren't bad at all. take one robert deniro, put him in new york, mix him with some american-dream hunting eastern europeans on a killing spree, and try to provoke some emotions, and have a sly dig at the american justice system. lets see...nothing happened...only repulse...if, like everyone else, you plan on watching this film because deniro is in it, you will be dissapointed. he puts in a tired performance, almost as if he knows the film is a load of b.s. the attempt to be hard-hitting goes horribly wrong, instead it's just repulsive over the top violence, and its pointless...naked prostitute gets hacked to pieces, why? there are ways to create provoking films with such violence but they have to have meaning, such as 8mm (the horrible subject of snuff movies, hard-hitting meaningfull film), 15 minutes is far from meaningfull. we all know there are some deranged psychopaths out there doing just that, but when converting it to a film, it needs a deeper meaning, otherwise it turns into melodramatic hollywood [...]...if you like brain-dead gore and violence, lack of plot and cringing melodrama. go ahead
the mothman travesty.three problems with this film:..1. pacing - the film's pacing doesn't vary.  it's very boring.  as a matter of fact, this wouldn't be a problem if the film were much more tense (e.g., "speed"), however this film lacks the high-action intensity to pull off such a slow expository speed.  ..2. effects - too many sequences of this film rely on color and light superimpositions, and there is an overabundance of high-speed imaging.  the scene changes that employ erratic barrages of images desensitize the viewer from the thrilling "horror" scenes.  furthermore, they fail to make enough sequential sense of the film's plot to really mean much to the film as a greater whole.  the upshot: the film relies too heavily on the art of editing, to the point where plot twists are no longer interesting.  ..3. triviality - the plot's conclusion quails in the face of the "so what?" question.  the viewer is left with a sense of, "i sat through the film for that?"  in light of points (1) and (2), this obnoxious bit is the icing on the cake.  ..don't waste your life...alon
garbology.main line, main line.... those main liners.... you like to look at those main liners, don't you ginger... i mean kitty?  you the suffragette who just got offa the suffragette wagon...  the same wagon that was seen rolling by in the story of vernon and irene castle... wait a minute... that was the exact same footage!  i guess the makers of this fine movie assembled it out of stock footage.  in fact wynn, the main liner seems to be assembled out of stock footage of bill clinton.  did you know allabout the maiiinnne liiiiinnneee????  seems the whole worl knows about the maiiiiiiinnnneee liiiiiiinnnnnneeeeeee "philadelphia aristocracy"  see, in philadelphia, they're old skool, dig.  they even got a queen of pennsylvania, who sits on a throne and stuff.  played by margaret dumont when she's not getting scandalized by groucho marx.  and i believe there is a duke and duchess of bakersfield.  and just the other day i had tea and crumpets with the viscount of compton.  of the night train...  i mean wild i... i mean yeah, he was drinking ripple back when redd foxx was merely the duke of cornwall.  he was in line to the throne... or was that waiting for the mens room... see, over here in the states we take our aristocracy just as seriously as our prussian counterparts.  we are always to be seen marching around with those spiky helmets on, saluting the statue of kaiser bill's moustache
the mystery goes on.i had heard all the hype about this film and ginger's oscar, but after several viewings, i still find the film rather flat as an experience, and ginger's oscar is still a mystery.  i guess it proves the adage about winning one "for women, play plain or ugly (remember charlize theron) or play against type"
outdated..i'm sure this was a fun video in its time, but the moves are just too 80's
a politically-correct melodrama: a definite stinker.waste of money.  waste of time.  well-known cast.  amateurish direction.  plotless.  politically correct to the point of being stupid.  the film's incessant attempts at humor fail.  eric roberts' character laughs-off his grave circumstance throughout most of the film.  he is self-important, godless and emotionally false.  it's difficult to empathize with such an unrealisitic character.  the best performances in this film were given by gregory harrison and lee grant.  the best scene is gregory harrison and eric roberts' passionate farewell kiss.  most authentic moment in the film: lee grant's reaction to her dying son being carried off.  very difficult to watch through in one-sitting because it's so repetitive and vapid. you will wait and wait for something to happen and nothing ever does until the final moments.  if you choose to waste your time with this film, you'll be sorry you did
not as good as miyazaki's other titles.this isn't as good as spritied away or princess mononoke. it's not a bad film but it didn't capture me as well as the other films did
the second dvd is much better!.i purchased this dvd because i own the 2nd one and like it so much.  boy, was i disappointed!  the abs diet people must have decided to create the second dvd because this one needed a good edit.  the second dvd covers basically the same exercises but with better instruction and form.  skip this one and buy the abs diet workout 2
the floozie workout.a more apt description of this video would be "the floozie workout."  if you are a woman and serious about fitness be prepared to be insulted by the two floozies featured with tom holland on this exercise video who provide unnecessary comic relief in this otherwise solid weight training workout video..the video is intended to provide a circuit training program to complement the abs diet, a diet developed and promoted by david zinczkenko editor-in-chief of men'shealth magazine. the diet (details of which i won't elaborate on here) is a solid one and in many respects resembles the weight watcher core program - it emphasizes a balance of protein, healthy fat, and complex carbs eaten in moderate portions.  .the video provides three tracks - one for the absolute beginner, a second for intermediates and a third for those more advanced.  frankly, the advanced track is not all that advanced.  if you are interested in weight training and have no experience (be sure to consult your physician before starting an exercise program), i suggest you start with the beginner circuit.  after several weeks when you feel confident, you should be able to tackle the intermediate circuit and shortly thereafter the advanced circuits.  if you are looking for a serious weight training workout you should strongly consider jari love's "get ripped" workout - more rigorous, emphasizes tempo training, and grows with you (many variations demonstrated/discussed other than merely increasing the weight)..the video opens with a very short cardio workout and then segues into the beginner's workout.  holland introduces each exercise and then takes the viewer through one set of reps.  he is accompanied by two women who carry very light weights and go through the motions.  if you truly want to make this a circuit you need to repeat the exercise circuit at least once if not twice.  the intermediate and advanced circuits feature the same basic exercises as in the beginner circuit but take it up a "notch" by adding light weight to some exercises and in the advanced doing double duty on others (upper body/lower body).  if you are in any kind of shape you will probably benefit the most by combining all three circuits sequentially as cued on the video.  the whole workout will take less than one hour.  don't expect abs though.  if you want abs you really need to watch your diet - eat really clean - and do some serious core work and this workout just doesn't have it.
so sad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.i love to dance .........so i was excited to get this!! what a boring dvd!! did not sweat!! hated her complicated moves!!!!! she is pretty but not motivating.......my kids and i just sat on the couch and watched it thinking any minute it would pick up the beat!  i thought it would have real spanish latin and reggae songs and dancing!!!!!!!!!!!! no way it was just some beat and these girls all doing step to side then to front hands up now to the side......bla bla bla.........we expected upbeat motivating songs with lots of dancing and fun....i cancelled my order for all my other prevention dvd's on the way for fear they would all be like this!!!! incidentally i tried "pick your spot pilates" from some other girl and it was not alot of music or dance mostly floor excercise but it worked and had me wanting more .....so i blew my money on this thinking it would be motivating and give me some cardio to go along with the floor workout "pick your spot".....you are better off turning on the radio and jumping
yawn.... only for conspiracy-theory types.not worth it - only for anti-christians interested in conspiracy theory looniness. thoroughly one sided, but that would be ok if it weren't riddled with inaccuracies - e.g. that paul knew nothing of jesus' ministry, and never quotes anything jesus said. any new testament scholar sees paul's view of jesus as fitting hand in glove with what is in the gospels (and acts), though paul has his own emphases, language, and theological framework. this joker... i mean, film-maker, thinks that paul literally never believed that jesus was a real human, living on earth. geez. he could at least read the books paul wrote! the film-maker manages to assemble a few crank phds, largely from fields outside of biblical studies, who think that the gospels and acts were either meant as fiction from the beginning, or else simply ridiculously innaccurate attempts at telling the truth. oh, and there's the guy from the fringe, notorious "jesus seminar". do you find the following sorts of arguments convincing? "the jesus story has elements x, y, and z. so does the story of hercules. but no one takes the hercules story to be true! and elements a...n of the jesus story can each *individually or in pairs* be found in various of these 26 legends. so... " if you don't spot any fallacious reasoning in the preceding, this is the documentary for you! the production values are pretty good (cheapie old jesus-film footage aside), though intellectually, the whole thing feels like a sort of college film class project made by a "village atheist" type, who revels in cheap shots, scare-mongering (about those fundies who are no doubt going to sieze power any day now), a gotcha-question interview, and objections born of misunderstanding (e.g. thinking that evangelicals want an ancient-israel style theocracy, with death penalty for gays - oh, yeah, that's on the agenda!) a favorite cheap shot - attributing these words to jesus - "but those enemies of mine who did not want me to be king over them--bring them here and kill them in front of me" - words spoken by a character in a parable jesus tells in luke 17. honestly, knowing something about the subject, it was hard to sit all the way through this stinker. and you won't have to know much to smell a rat. sadly, the theologically and biblically illiterate crowd - e.g. who thought that dogma or the da vinci code were remotely accurate - will find this kind of propaganda-like presentation impressive. it comes as no surprise at all, two-thirds of the way through, when we learn that the director is a bitter ex-fundie himself. in a way, it's like a certain kind of religious film, in that it never even tries to rise above preaching to the choir
preachy, bad.the best part about this dvd is the features, particularly the interviews with dawkins and doherty. the director otherwise comes off as a preachy, smug arsehole, who gets a kick out of making fun of fundamentalist christians, which is like shooting dead fish in a barrel. the film itself is awful, mostly bad graphics, worse soundtrack and awful clips from old 50s christ dramas. awful stuff. the big finale occurs when the director gets into an argument with a christian school superintendent. superintendent: it's a matter of faith. director: but where's the evidence? superintendent: we're teaching faith and love. director: you're teaching lies!!! the superintendent, discovers that the director had misrepresented himself and the purpose of the interview and walks off in a huff. apparently that proves christ is a myth. obviously the director had no idea how to transfer the concept of the mythical christ to film. read challenging the verdict instead
don't waste your money!.i bought this dvd thinking i could get what my pilates class gives me right at home.  boy was i wrong.  this is a horrible example of pilates.  the sessions just goes through the motions.  they don't emphasize the importance of form and breathing through out each session which is really needed for any skill level.  the transitions are way too fast.  maybe i am spoiled by having such a great pilates teacher but this dvd is a waste of money!
too fast, bad transitions.i bought this dvd despite the mixed reviews and have to report that i was disappointed with the purchase.  i have another pilates tape (not dvd) that was one continuous workout which i much prefer.  with this one, there was no time in between transitions and there often were no clear transitions.  i also found that it went way too fast and tried to cram in too many things into each session
not my type of workout.i think i just don't like pilates because i really didn't care for this workout. plus, you are constantly roling up and down and from years as a ballet dancer we have always been taught that rolling your spine when working the stomach will not flatten the stomach it will cause the muscle to bulk up in your stomach and you'll have a round hard belly. this is not my idea of an attractive waist line and this is true because it happened to a girl in one of my classes. so, that's the main reason i just didn't like this video
this video is good enough, and that's it..this video tape works, but it is basically a clip of people doing a different exercise each, all pasted together to make a full workout.  i still think the moves work, but i'd rather follow along with someone doing a full workout with me
what the hell is this?  a movie about doing drugs?.maybe it's because i had never read the book and never heard of hunter s. thompson before this movie, but i found this movie to be unbearably boring and so utterly pointless!..at what point in the movie-making process while reading the script aloud, did they realize that this isn't a movie?  or maybe that the book couldn't be made into a commercial movie?..the "story" if it can be called such, is apparently about a journalist and his fat hispanic friend (called his lawyer) who go to las vegas to write an article on some motorcycle race of some sort or something.  that's completely irrelevant, because probably 5-10 minutes is actually spent on that subject, with an additional 20 minutes at most devoted to the guy actually trying to accomplish the task...the rest is just johnny depp as the main character rambling mindlessly about a variety of subjects, most of which deal with drugs, or drug-related things.  others having nothing at all to do with anything.  they are quite literally taking every drug known to mankind, and the movie chronicles them taking drugs...there are some scenes in which the duo are in their hotel room, where the "lawyer" freaks out in a bathtub and threatens to kill himself.  in other scenes, they are in the hotel club, or at a restaurant.  no matter where they are, they are always high on some drug, and johnny depp's character (thompson himself based on his experience, under a fake name) is rambling or talking very very quickly and nonsensically...there are cameos by minor celebrities, some of which are world famous today.  gary busey is on screen for all of three or four minutes as a highway sheriff who sexually harrasses jd's character.  tobey maguire is on even less as a hitchhiker who bails out of the car when he realizes the duo are stoned out of their mind and crazy...the only moment in which i had a great laugh was in the beginning, where they are hallucinating that they are being attacked by bats as they drive down a desert highway.  when the "lawyer" stops to pick up the hitchhiker, jd's char says "we can't stop here!  this is bat country!".  that line and its delivery alone deserve the movie its one miserable star.  i expected better from terry gilliam...if this movie was attempting to be shocking or pro- or anti-drug or stylish or artistic in some way, it is obviously only a most acquired taste, like a group of people who think consuming waste is an acquired taste.  there is no moral message here, nothing pro- or anti-drug, nothing shocking save that these two aren't dead by the third day from taking so many drugs, or stylish or artistic...not the worst movie ever, but definitely one of them.  i don't know what orifice people pull this "great movie" idea out of, but i'd like to examine that, and find out why
let's grow old and fat and drunk and stoned together.i was "treated" to johnny depp and benecio del toro in "fear and loathing in las vegas" on dvd. based on the late journalist hunter thompson's book, this one had a few very funny moments, and the not-so-subtle message that real-life in las vegas can be as hallucinogenic as a drug trip, but spent too much time showing us how people on drugs walk funny and trash hotel rooms and rental cars (without paying their bills, of course). it was a step up from bill murray in "where the buffalo roam", an earlier attempt to bring thompson's antics to the screen, but still a pretty low step.
long and boring.long on loathing. boring, i fear. this trip was at somewhere i've never been, and i don't want to go there. a place beyond the event horizon. who could care less about these people? great title for a book, or a film, though. for some reason i've given it an extra star. i don't know why. perhaps because it definitely belongs in anybody's collection of bizarre movies
yeah yeah yeah.i lasted 10 minutes. at times, i believe hunter s. thompson was able to write. this was not one of those times. his gonzo humor was just over the top, not funny, and stale to these tired eyes. maybe it was groundbreaking once, but i doubt it. maybe you should watch it while stoned. he probably wrote it that way.
speeding to hell.the story here dosen't matter. the main characters fuse into a missle of meth and insanity towards an explosive ending. scwartzman escapes his fate temporarily and murphy is blessed with a reprieve but rourke pays the full price for his evil concoction, meth. quirky directing and film editing can be somewhat distracting but not meaningless. roberts is so gay you want to smack his face. he an rourke have history on film and play out their familiarity. rourke is phenomonal again as an immoral genius, a role he plays better than anyone today in film. br
a totally boring movie.i terribly disappointed by this movie.  it bears some resemblance to the bone collector and silence of the lamb, but has none of the suspense, mystery, good acting and good story that these other movies have.  this lame excuse of a movie ended with with the killer appeared out of nowhere to confess his crime at the end.  the cops were basically two idiots who couldn't solve the crime on their own.  add all the stupidities up and you have one boring movie.
are we that numb to enjoy such terrible writing?.this movie is weak, poorly written and has some laugh-out-loud stereotypical cop-schlock dialogue. the acting is sub-par for such a wonderful cast. how numb are we to poor writing that we accept such drivel? i'm amazed at the way people compliment this film. really- deep? symbolic? c'mon! this is film is as about as deep as a kiddie pool
what a waste.this movie had many of the ingredients to make it truly great, including a phenomenal cast, lead by cate blanchett, and great scenery and cinematography. the actors playing elizabeth, cecil, and walsingham spoke and acted admirably, each phrase spoken with such honesty and feeling, but the words themselves rendered the performances useless. the director and the author of the script greatly misunderstood the characters and the material. they should have read elizabeth the first's biography by elizabeth jenkins. it is useless to say a movie does not need to be historically accurate but has only to entertain: had the author and director been more historically accurate, they would not have created the unbelievable character they created in elizabeth, who is in turn hysterical, defeatist, overbearing, childish, tyrannical, who never shows her core intelligence, her great love of her people, who had a private core described by her motto "semper eadem", be always one. elizabeth ruled with her advisors, she was not totally ruled by them. she would not have put up with norfolk screaming at her across the council table, nor would burleigh have allowed it. cate blanchett's wonderful acting and presence were pearls thrown before swine, wasted on a character portrayal that totally lacked any integrity, much less truth. how could the director think that the woman he was trying to portray was any kind of real woman? the ending had me blushing with embarassment for one and all. we are laughably given william cecil as wimpy and ineffective, and walsingham as the mastermind behind the throne. one of the reviews said that the director inspired rush to play walsingham much like the hindu god krishna. i suggest that he should have first read some english history
elizabeth the silly school girl.a work of fiction is a great thing, but to take the life of a famous historical character and potray it as accurate is wrong.  why not just make up a story with no historical basis
cate, oh my................to borrow from a previous reviewer:  a movie to kill an evening with if you have one that really needs murdering.
fact is stranger than fiction.i am a fan of historical fiction, and this has to be one of the most historically inaccurate films i have ever seen! what bothers me the most is that the general public, who hasn't read the tudor biographies like some of us have, will believe this stuff because it is their only exposure to the subject! i won't go into all the inaccuracies since other reviewers have already touched on them. why tamper with history, when it was actually more fascinating than what was portrayed in this movie.
poor history and a screenplay over-dramatic.i'm glad someone knows enough about english history to recognize the pure fiction of this film.  but in addition to points made about historical inaccuracy, i also had to object to the ridiculous portrayal of mary tudor.  over-zealous and fanatic (as was a common religious stance in those times - promoted by both sides of the protestant/catholic conflict), she was not insane as the film makes her in the opening scenes.  and throughout the film, there was this emphasis on milking the passions for all they are worth - no objectivity whatsoever.  i was sorely disappointed!..if you want to get to know elizabeth and the period in which she lived, i would recommend the superb bbc series, elizabeth r with glenda jackson.  and if you want even further background, look to the bbc again in the six wives of henry viii with keith mitchell.  tidbits can be gained as well from the movie mary, queen of scots (although a few historical inaccuracies can be found in it - for example, mary stuart and elizabeth never met, although it was mary's great desire) and even another title, anne of the thousand days.  those two more theatrical representations fulfill the desire for the more dramatic while still coming closer to the history of the times.  this film just doesn't cut it
great if you dig hallmark cards.i loved "my so-called life" and was expecting something good here, based on all these reviews. but the soap opera advertisements they stuck on the beginning of these dvds were a bad omen. still, i hung in and hoped for the best. i was sitting there watching and really wondering "do people really relate to this stuff?" the characters on this show look like they're from jc penney catalogs, or ivory soap commercials. white bread, sanitary, vapid... thankfully all the people i know in real life are a million times more interesting than these fake people. this show makes me hope that i never have the bad fortune to make eyes with some guy in a parking lot and start dating him. the kids on this show are cute, but all kids are cute. nothing can save them or the adult characters or anyone from the extremely boring writing. i am sooooo glad that the world is nothing like how it's portrayed on this show. never again!!
mary ann and sissy spacek.i saw this movie quite a few years ago (probably about 15 or 20 years ago). i must say the first time i saw it i wasn't really impressed. then i read a review of it and the review stated how great it was and that marvin was excellent and that it was just a great movie. so when it was released on dvd i went out and purchased it. i remember little about it from the first time other than it had sissy spacek in it in one of her first roles, if not her very first big screen role. i must say that i didn't find this movie any better now than i did then. i appreciate marvins career and his acting as well as gene hackman. these two guys are two of the finest actors of my time but this movie is just not that good. the story could have been much better and the core of it is good. marvin is a respected chicago underworld enforcer who is sent on a mission by eddie egan (the real popeye doyle from the french connection drug bust in new york) to collect $500,000 that an associate name mary ann has forgotten to pay. mary ann (gene hackman... and don't ask me why he is mary ann cause they never explain it) is in the mid west and has a meat packing place and slaughter house. he has sent back several other bag men to the chicago mob processed as hot dogs and hamburger after he has killed them. mary ann also is now with marvins old flame clarabell (jeez what is with these stupid names?). mary ann also deals in white slavery, enter sissy spacek. he sells and displays these girls nude in the same livestock pens full of hay that he does his pigs and cows. ..this is an interesting novelty kind of movie. if you are a fan of marvin or hackman check it out. even if you are a fan of sissy spacek. but alas this movie is just not that good. the old school mob vs the new middle america mob that has reached even the heartland could be interesting and is a little bit but this is just a pretty bad movie.
prime dumb!!!.i often ask myself how two really excellent actors in their prime would get committed to a project like "prime cut".  you would be hard pressed to find a dumber story, plot line or set of characters.  this is almost a purposeful testament to all that was worse with the 70's "lew wasserman" type production deals
bizzare rip off.what rubbish.  ridiculous situations, and poor writing doom this boring, stupid film.  probably, the worst film that starred either lee marvin or gene hackman.  a real hack job that was meant to snare unsuspecting theater goers who liked the stars
for fans only.i found this to be a collection of superficial soundbites. if a person is a fan of the major players they might enjoy seeing the interplay between them but for me this documentary is a bore
see it in new york (or on tour again...hint hint).way too much money was put into the movie.  the cast is way too old.  it completely lost all of the grittiness and the pain of the play.  it's very unfortunate that there was an opportunity to immortalize one of the great landmarks of the contemporary musical theatre and this is all we ended up with
i can't believe people enjoy this movie.this movie is complete garbage. i actually like robert downey jr as an actor but hated him in this movie. please do yourself a favor and don't watch this trash
2 out of 10.the pick-up artist is a dangerously bad film. there is absolutely no chemistry between robert downey and molly ringwald. molly ringwald may have been of the most iconic 1980's female actresses, and she certainly proves her worth here. ringwald looks too much of a virgin to me when her character wasn't supposed to be. that marks the moment when the film had lost its believably element. the real joke in this film has to be robert downey. his acting is insanely moronic. i often have to wonder if he wears a lipstick. i am pretty sure robert downey can make a great drag queen if he chose to. from the start to the end, i was annoyed. i couldn't see how dennis hopper and danny aiello got interested in this film and lend their hands in it. harvey keitel gives a fair performance, but i believe he is much tougher than that. comparing harvey keitel's performance in bad lieutenant, reservoir dogs, and mean streets to the pick-up artist, it is enough to make an apparent observation that harvey keitel should have applied his talents to a more different film than this. a smaller film that he did rightfully apply his talent was rising sun, and he pulled that one off better than he did in this film. why did they have to call it the pick-up artist? could they give the movie a better title such as the player
avoid this drivel at all costs.if amazon allowed zero stars, this would get it. absolutely awful.
a minus b movie..this movie really didn't show me anything exciting in salsa dance...the only exciting thing was seeing singers performers willie colon and celia cruz.
it was ok.ce-ce peniston was looking goodi was digging the vibe. the cat she married in the film reminded me alot of ronald "mr.biggs" isley. i was waiting for bro man to start singing.this film flip flopped between the christian vibethe sensual vibe.this film was a trip.ce-ce is still crazy stuffedi likes it.but ain't alot of acting there,but oh well.this film was just ok with a couple of funny parts
too much to swallow . . ..if you are in the market for a romantic lesbian love story -this is not the movie to look to.  the movie is 1 hour and 34 minutes long and i couldn't wait for it to be over!  i love lilly taylor -she was amazing in mystic pizza, who shot andy warhol, dog fight, and most recently made a special run during the last days of six feet under.  as a lilly taylor fan you will be sorely disappointed that she chose this role.  this story is about a woman who wants more out of life, but the script is so far fetched in how this transition unfolds.  she goes from minimal, menial high school drop out to physicist student extraordinaire in what seems like the span of a semester or two.  granted, the time table could have been better in this film, but that's only a very small part of it.  every single character in this movie is obnoxious and hard to like with the exception of taylor.  her husband starts off a sexist, chauvinist and ends the film in much the same way you would just like buy him a clue.  her children are bratty and always shouting they can't leave the room or scene quick enough.  her love interest is courtney love, and while i love her too -even of late with all of her bad press she's not likeable either.  courtney love is probably the worst of them all.  her character is afraid of change, afraid of being true to herself, worries too much about what other people think of her, wants to be accepted at the cost of herself, and as a result runs back to what is familiar to her and in the end it's okay with her.  the only redeeming quality in the movie julie johnson is that julie johnson did not want to go back to the kind of woman she was before her awakening.  she never lost her girlish vulnerability throughout the movie, and although cautiously and at times timidly eventually embraced the changes of her new life with admirable, quiet strength.
disappointing.it starts out well but half-way through, it loses its direction and suffers an identity crisis. avoidable
best show ever, but dvd has problems!.i bought this the day it came out and watched a couple of episodes without incident and then began watching "the bend in the river" when the problems started. at 1 hour 10 minutes and 43 seconds into the episode right when hannibal says "sure" the dvd just stopped and went to the main menu. the rest of the episode was missing...it just stopped so i tried it out on two other dvd players i have here and then figured i got a bad copy and went up to the store to exchange it. well, once i got it home the second one did the same exact thing, so i exchanged it a third time. the third copy actually plays through the episode but freezes for about 5 seconds in the exact same place that the others were messed up. i haven't even gotten to the other 5 dvd's but my assumption from reading the reviews here is that they are going to have problems too. ..i can't understand how they release these seasons of the a-team so painfully slow at universal and can let something with this many errors reach the stores. in the 10 months since the release of season 2 could they not have had some type of quality control make sure that the season 3 dvd's actually played? ..this release has absolutely no bonus features unlike the columbia house collectors edition ones, which have some outtakes and other things. and i have to wonder with this release just like the other two seasons why can they not put chapters in where the commercial breaks are instead of having to fast forward to get back to the spot i left off? just like season 2 these are double sided dvd's which scratch very easily and make all kinds of noises in the dvd player, i would have liked 6 single sided dvd's much better. and one last problem is that when you put the dvd you absolutely have to watch the universal studios introduction for about 10 seconds because you cannot skip it and access the menu. ..there are two good things i can say about this release the first being that it's the a-team, which is the best television show of all time and this is probably my favorite season. the second good thing is that a coupon is enclosed for $5 off of season 4 when it gets released. to have released this season with this many errors and problems on the dvd's is an insult to a-team fans everywhere who have waited 20+ years to buy this on dvd. universal needs to recall all of them and issue working copies. ...update: i have just gotten off the phone with universal and they have said that they will replace the dvd for me and others who are having problems. you can call them at 972-293-5903 or email ushe.consumerrelations@worldmarkinc.com and put a-team season 3 replacement in the subject line. i have added a star to my review since they're customer service was friendly and returned my call promptly, but i have still subtracted a star for each trip i have made to the store.
garbled philosophy.(2.5 stars).first time director steve pink has written the screenplay for two wonderful films, high fidelity and grosse point blank, so as a director, i would imagine that he would have to read the script before deciding to make a film.  either he had a case of blindness the day he read the script, or he didn't read it at all.  also, he didn't take the time to research writers adam cooper and bill collage, who, while still relatively new to the game, hav been responsible for one of the worst films of the decade (2004's olsen disaster, new york minute).  being said, accepted isn't the worst film of the decade, nor is it even remotely in the worst films of the year category.  rather, accepted is a seriously ambitious film, with a plot "as thin as nicole richie on a fad diet", to quote richard roeper.  that statement couldn't be more on the money.  to retread other reviewers, at the beginning of the film, sherman schrader (played by jonah hill, whose thirty second role in the 40-year old virgin was hysterical) says to main character bartleby gaines (justin long, of such bad films as herbie fully loaded and waiting...) "this will never work."  and it won't.  there are holes in every part of the film's design.  none of this will ever work.  it's impossible.  so, then, i pose the question: why make a film out of a plot that would in no way shape or form ever work?  and please don't answer my question with some stock answer like: "well, it's escapism.  it doesn't need to work."  which may be true, in some cases, if the screenplay is written properly.  accepted's is not.  every character (with one exception; more on him later) is a complete stock character, drawn from every teen/college movie ever made.  bartleby is the slacker type, who, done right (see ferris bueller), can actually be funny.  there is schrader, the fat kid that gets picked on, and in this film, made to dress like a sperm, a hot dog, and scores of other things.  there is the tomboy, or rory in this case (played by maria thayer, of the wonderful "strangers with candy"), who nobody seems to see as a beautiful woman (and she is very beautiful), but as one of the guys.  also enter the token black guy (to use terminology from not another teen movie), hands (played by columbus short).  of course, no "main gang" character list would be complete without the wierd kid that nobody understands, or in accepted, glen (adam herschman).  the film is also riddled with gross out humor, and to keep quoting richard roeper (from his review of waiting...), "you can do gross out stuff and still be funny, but it has to have some decent dialogue and characters."  so, you ask, why am i generously giving this film 2.5 stars if it seems like i hate it so much?  well, accepted does have some irresistable laughs, and it sort of grew on me, but only because of the things it has to say about the education system.  in college, you are required to take high cost classes that you don't really want to take, but are forced to anyway.  why not let kids take a numerous amount of classes to figure out what they want to do, and still have it count for their degree?  but, the way bartleby and his gang go about it is too loose for college freshmen.  if freshmen had as much freedom as this college allows, they would be passed out every night and never actually learn anything.  there are more kind of commonsensical things that the film says about our seriously damaged educational system, but i'll let you discover it on your own.  the only thing that kept me in the theater long enough to hear some of the insights was the what had to be improvisation of the brilliant lewis black.  there is absolutely no way that these screenwriters could have written such brilliant rants and raves.  it had to have been improvised, and besides, if you have listened or seen any of black's stand-up shows, his dialogue sounds much like his philosophies.  black plays ben lewis (aptly named dean lewis), schrader's ill-begotten uncle, who used to be a college dean, and now works in a shoe store.  it isn't long and lewis is fired and helps in bartleby  gang's plot to start a college.  with all of this information, i leave the decision to you.  weigh heavily the points i have outlined and determine if you want to spend nine or ten dollars to see this in the theater, or if it might be better to wait for it to come out on dvd.  i can't really lean either way; this is definitely a personal taste film
no habeas, not much corpus, and definitely not delictus.i hate lawyers...what is a lawyer, anyway? basically: it's a telemarketer in a decent suit, a guy who would be hawking the latest ronco hair-in-a-can super-duper late night special to folks in akron over his plantronic headset, only he won the genetic lottery and got shot out of an upper-middle class womb. ..shakespeare said it first and best: "first, let's kill all the lawyers!". former enron uber-dealmaker john wing put a little fast-times houston spin on that one: "get all the lawyers in a room---and shoot 'em!---in the mouth, so you *can't* miss!" ..exactly. anyway, "the firm" is a flick that purports to make the world of high-priced yappers jaw-rippingly exciting, so i was probably all amped up to despise it. ..but not really: back before i dug into a gig with the dark side in high finance, back when i was hefting a backpack over the sodden campus of my old alma mater, i briefly considered going into law: briefly, for about an hour. it was a desperate time, and i needed money. ..why did i consider walking hell's highway, if only for an instant? because john grisham, boring lawyer-turned-ripping-potboiler-writer-turned-back-into-boring-lawyer, a kind of tom clancy for the paper-pusher and green-eyeshade set, made it all sound pretty damned funky (and lucrative! hey, dig that bmw 7 series, baby, beep beep!) in his engrossing little novel "the firm": granted, i've read better prose on the backs of cereal boxes, but it held my attention. ..i mean, seriously: you're 19, and the whole flying out on the corporate lear to grand cayman and switching out briefcases full of cash sounds kinda cool. and strippers, man, plenty of strippers. oh, and did someone mention a bmw?..what's the difference between a lawyer and a snake? the snake at least has the decency to hiss before it sinks its fangs into your a**. ..now it's true: grisham writes like kim jong il sings, but---in "the firm", anyway---he was a master craftsman at moving things along at a bristling pace, from the pedestrian---hotshot law school whiz kid gets picked up by a memphis white-shoe law firm---to the pretty damned atrocious, all while keeping the pressure ratcheted up with a dense, suffocating sense of malice. ..grisham, like michael crichton, isn't a prose genius: he's not even mediocre. but he writes for film, and "the firm" cried out for cinematic treatment. ..so it's baffling that, with all the right stuff---tom cruise as winsome lead mitch mcdeere, gene hackman doing his chain-drinking gene hackman thang as the corrupt (but ultimately worn-out and pathetic) senior partner, and sydney pollack helming it up---that the big-screen treatment of "the firm" is such a yawner. ..talk about contempt of court...pollack takes all that intricately woven little grisham-plot and barfs big ugly chunks of it up on the screen. at its guts, really, "the firm" was really nothing more than the big career nightmare: i've bet the farm on this gig, i'm getting big money, i'm working like a fiend, my wife is having trouble remembering my name, and evidently i'm not doing tax-deals for loaded clients---i'm doing money laundering for the mob. ..pollack just mangles the whole thing, convolutes the simple, and renders up a flick that will have you checking your watch and yawning. casting is part of the problem: cruise does his thing, running around memphis with his briefcase. hackman drinks a lot and exudes pure armani-clad sleaze: "the firm" is all funny-wrinkles when he's onscreen, but hey, a man can only do so much. ..jeanne tripplehorn (cruise's squeeze), who plays lara san giacomo when she's not playing tripplehorn (seriously, google the two of 'em: astounding!) is a bitter old battleaxe who made me want to stick forks in my eyes. wilford brimley is just plain wrong as the firm's security chief: too bald, too cracker, too rotund, too silly, too low-end, to do the role justice. ..holly hunter is even worse: hunter is one of those eighties thangs who got pumped up as something sexy, which is baffling, given that she's about 3'8, and has all the sex appeal of an oompah-loompah. it doesn't help that she's a big, ugly southern stereotype, the caricature most denizens of dumpy michigan towns imagine southerners to be. you want her to die: she doesn't. pollack wants us to think she's clever and funny. she isn't. ..ed harris, i think, is in this movie. so is hal holbrook, which kinda ruins everything, because everytime hal holbrook is in a movie you know you're dealing with a bunch of friggin' crooks.  ..anyway, the coup de grace to the stupidity is the entrance, deus ex machina, of paul sorvino (don morolto---what kind of goombah name is dat, anyway? somebody call tony soprano!), who takes this juggernaut of boredom from the merely stupid to the totally ridiculous. ..if you wanna see tom cruise running around memphis with his briefcase for two hours, by all means belly up to the bar. ..otherwise, case dismissed. ..js
the firm.great movie but cd not perfoming in the last few scenes.  it gets stuck or restarts itself.  very frustrating and more frustrating to have to return new cd
still updated even after all these years!.i have been looking for a copy of this movie for a long time now because i wanted my kids to see it. i was very young when i first watched this film and it stuck to my mind somehow. good thing amazon had it and they do make shipments to my country here in asia..daryl hannah played a beautiful and believable mermaid. tom was also perfect for the role. i can't say their chemistry on screen is as perfect as that of tom hanks and meg ryan, though, but it wasn't bad. i can't imagine any other actor for the lead role in this movie..i let my kids watch it finally together with my niece. we found ourselves teary-eyed in the end. it was just so touching, we couldn't help it. even the theme song sang by rita coolidge was perfect for the ending. for those who wanna know, the title is "love came for me". .i'm glad i purchased the anniversary edition. i have a home theater and the dolby 5.1 surround sound was just what i needed. it would have been better if dts was used but i'm not complaining..for those who are thinking of getting this, i hope you make the decision to do so. tom hanks is a certified great actor. this movie will soon be in line with the classics like "gone with the wind" and "breakfast at tiffany's". it's already a collector's item. you won't regret it! besides, love stories don't get out of style
bad spot on dvd.we rec'd the splash dvd and were quite a way into viewing it when it just went digital garbage -- all our other dvd's seem to work alright and we have a laser disk cleaner and try to run it through regularly -- i already threw away the container -- we will run the cleaner thru again and see if it clears up the problem - this is the first time we've bought a dvd that had a problem - we've always been very satisfied with the amazon service -- and products as well...thanks for asking..pgammon
not worth the plastic it's stored on.to be honest, i've never been that impressed by the kind of programmes the history channel puts out - too much emphasis on entertainment and not enpough on decent research, historical accuracy, etc.  so it was no big surprise to find this programme seriously "skewed", as a previous reviewer put it...this is a thoroughly lacklustre product which suffers from the same shortcomings that i already mentioned...so rather than waste my time and yours reviewing something that isn't worth watching in the first place i just want to direct your attention to "the real da vinci code" released in may this year (2006)..it still isn't the definitive investigation - you'd need more than a couple of hours to cover all the relevant topics, but it has this offering seriously outclassed in every department- even as straight forward entertainment!
bad.this film repeats the basic premise over and over and over..it was so bad that i really couldn't believe it...the narrator talks about the holy grail being not a cup but mary magdeleine being the grail that carried not the blood of jesus but the unborn child...it says she went to egypt where she raised her child....then is states that davinci painted clues into his 'last super' which pints to the true relationship between mary and jesus. it speaks about the 325 ad council of nicea and about the sang graal , dadocument which supossedly  explains the true history of the christian faith....ithis poor documentary reapest the same footage almost all the way through this film..we hear the same quotes over and over.
absolutely nauseating!.i don't care what the hollywood media machine has told the world about this annoying and worthless film. every character is a cliche. warren beatty and halle berry have no chemistry! if this is what's left of his creative soul, he should just check into a home and get an alcohol addiction -- the anti-depressants are overwhelming his common sense..the only redeeming quality is oliver platt's natural comic presense. but that does not make up for this film insulting every ethnicity, culture, community, and individual in america, not to mention all of our intelligences..i was so disgusted and nauseated by this film's arrogance and hypocrisy that i had to leave my grandmother's house -- she still finds warren charming! if aliens were to see this movie as a first impression of us, we would all be gone in a flash of brilliant white light, which anyone who likes this movie would deserve. this movie makes me angry for living in hollywood..by the way, warren beatty "raps" throughout this film, so have a trash bag and smelling salts handy. zero stars
we're in real trouble.bulworth is ostensibly warren beatty's brave political satire in which a conservative senator suddenly starts liberally voicing those opinions that the rest of us are supposed to be thinking but are afraid to say. he tells a black church congregation to, "put away the malt liquor and fried chicken and stop supporting running backs that stab their wives." if that's what you were thinking, you'll love this movie..otherwise, bulworth is jaw droppingly bad. to take such a hight position as to attack beatty for suggesting that black characters need a white powerbroking partriarch to come to his senses before their concerns can be publicly considered is to give bulworth way more credit than it deserves. it's distinguished from movies that are simply "bad" through its inclusion on the short list of truly dangerous ones. not content to be racism hiding in plain site, bulworth's racism is disguised as its own solution. drug dealers have their transactions justified as the only commercial avenue open to otherwise well-intended african-american youths. nina (halle berry) articulates an informed point, and it's a joke because attractive young black women look funny when they talk smart, like high-grammar versions of zip coon. in so doing, beatty reminds black americans that no matter what they accomplish, we know who they really are..however limited the potential of the opening premise (bulworth plans his own assassination for insurance purposes before inevitably changing his mind), the film never approaches the kind of farley brotheresque world that would have been its natural destination. the sincerity of the politician's catharsis is hidden from us, both because his new outlook is originally motivated only by the insurance scam and because once beatty starts rapping his lines, he never stops, making the actor (as opposed to the character) look uncomfortable for the duration. that this movie lured audiences and critics into its didactic spell is astonishing..the film's ambition to be more than a cute little movie while being exactly the opposite reminds this reviewer of roberto benigni's embarrassing "life is beautiful" from the year before. both have to be seen to be believed
city hall  (1996).cast:  harold becker.cast:  al pacino, john cusack, bridgett fonda, danny aiello, martin landau, david paymer, anthony franciosa, richard schliff, lindsay duncan..running time:  111 minutes.rated r for language and some violence..."city hall" is one of those hopeful yet ultimately frustrating films that never really delivers toward its potential. it's as if the characters, the plot, and the pacing of the film were kept apart throughout filming, and then only introduced in the editing room.  the film begins with a lackluster conflict, the accidental shooting of a child by a drug dealer with relatives in the ny mob families who looks as if he came directly from central casting, and acts just as stiff. before we even know anything about this character, he's confronted by a possibly corrupt cop ( the entire background motivation and confusion regarding the cop's rational for meeting with the drug dealer alone, without backup and without reporting in first is left completely unresolved), gunfire is exchanged, and everyone is dead, including the innocent child, who is clearly injected into this formula for nothing more than aesthetic/emotional purposes, and is treated like "cinema-chum", shot dead for instant sympathy by the audience, only to draw in the bigger fish in the water, the primary characters...on the heels of the shooting, we are introduced to our principles, al pacino as the mayor, john cusack as the deputy mayor, single-handedly managing the entirety of new york. the completely contrived setup of the administration of a city the size of new york being managed, at least from all appearances we are given on screen, by these two characters is beyond laughable, but  insipid.   the central plot of the movie springs from the reaction by city hall to this one shooting incident, as the world is (we suppose) put on temporary pause for days afterward in new york by this event. cusack abandons his supposed position with city hall and becomes a knee-jerk mickey spilane, trodding beside bridget fonda on some half-ass investigation of the politics surrounding the now dead cop, suspected of corruption, and the question of why the drug dealer was ever on the streets in the first place, having been questionably released on parole years before. everyone phones in their performances, which appears as if everyone approached the movie with high hopes, then got distracted by something better to do, (possibly calling their agents for better scripts once this movie started filming) and just showed up to through with the dialogue.  numerous gaffs, faux pauxs regarding life in new york, cornball accents by cusack, fonda's character operating with the depth of a spring puddle, vanilla backgrounds, boring dialogue (save al pacino's impassioned, yet ultimately weak tirades toward the shooting of james bone and his personal conversations with pappas) make for a really unsatisfying films; "city hall" just can't deliver and feels like a tv movie of the week
worthless.would have given quot;0quot; stars on this one.  boring and lacks any direction
boring.not very good selections from the series i watched as a kid. thr students in my class got bored of them after a few minutes
the novelty's worn off, and it's left as a former shell of itself.on tuesday november 30, 1982 i had just come home from a scout meeting, and i turned on the television, and not knowing what was on my father got all hyper, and told me to turn it off, and i didn't even know the name of this. i looked it up in the tv guide later on, and unfortunately, due to the fact that i was still shaken up by the other night i didn't dare share the name due to the fact i'd get a sermon. i was at a crucial age in my life where i was 15 where i had desires for girls, but emotionally i was not prepared for them. i can understand the fact that it's a morally bankrupt film, and was capturing the fact of the free-sexual revolution, but i don't see the connection considering that it was always burning since the world's been turning, but our parents put thier hands over thier ears if we were to tell them that. i guess looking back my parents argument is "there's a time and place for everything", but guess what that would've been a perfect time to help me understand. i know that a few months later that i brought it up to my aunt who's a committed christian, and she paled, which led up to the sermon, and to be honest i felt like i couldn't win. i feel with this movie i had to not let it go until i got to see it because it was important for me to see it in it's entirety, and i didn't get to see this until i was 20, and i brought it back up to my parents as my father's friend had just opened a video store in cherry hill, nj., and the battle started again. i have felt like a eunich i didn't get to watch this movie all this time, and when i did i found it rather appealling, and now wanted to add it to my collection i was getting flack as i actually bought the blank video, and tried to get it copied onto the videotape. looking back i would've been better off just buying it, but i know i have to wonder if i would've come to same conclusion. i got the tape finally when i was 25 years old, and watched it once, and since then i lost the appeal. i saw it from a different light that my college professor was showing it from. i didn't focus on the colors, or the scene where ben was looking into the goldfish bowl after being dumped by elaine, and thrown out of a campus because of the fact that mrs. robinson took away ben's virginity, and this was when ben was trying to get together with elaine. i found this to be coincidental, but rather truthful when i had a woman make a phone call one night when i was working in a convience store, and it was a rather seductive one, and then the woman just turned it off when i finally met her kind of like mrs. robinson doing it to ben, and especially when he was in too deep. the fact that this happened could've been an alternative lesson my father could've taught me if he didn't want to talk about the sexual nature. with this mindset i don't own this anymore, and have no inclination, or intention of owning it again. i can't honestly say if i bought the tape instead of waiting for the blank copy that it would've made a difference. i feel that once i saw the fact that mrs. robinson made a blank promise to make ben happy for the rest of his life it just ruined it for me. this is where the sexual revolution tone takes over as no one would've ever suspected a woman would be a seducer because men are supposed to, or it's implied that it's a man's job to have an affair, but that's the world's standard, and morally it's wrong for either side to cheat on one another. it left me feeling that i wasn't worth the time to talk about this movie to, and about the way the relationships in the movie, and made to feel dirty because i wanted to know, and angry that i had to repress myself, and my feelings, and my character to fit this model that pleased my family. i just feel that it was more worth if you are really wanting to see this movie just buy it, and not worry about your parents helping you. mind you it is a pg rating, so anyone 13 and under not without a parent.
be warned.i love this film.  it's epic storytelling on a grand scale and timeless viewing.  i was thrilled to see it being released on dvd , unfortunately it seems there was little if any restoration on the print used.  i have only viewed sections of the film so far but every frame i have seen has surface dirt or scratches.  in one section there are long scratches down the entire side of the picture.  i was so looking forward to seeing something close to a pristine print which is what a film of this calibre deserves.  i'd have given 5 stars if it had, so the minus three is for the appaling print .  one of  the worst i've ever seen
worst movie i've ever seen.i would have given this film 0 stars if possible.  this film was long, boring, and painful to watch.  if you like jane austen films or other bbc period films, do not be deceived by this one; it is nothing like those types of films
0 stars: these movies are worse than the original..these movies are just total nonsensical rubbish about mutated babies.  from a horror movie fan's perspective, i remain completely unimpressed with the merits of these films and that includes the original, "it's alive".  the only thing about babies (mutated or not) that scares me is having to change their diapers...it stinks and this entire trilogy stinks too!  what a worthless...waste
skip it lives again, and go straight for island of the alive.it's alive 3: island of the alive is down right hilarious. nothing is better than watching mutant babies grow up and eat people. i mean seriously. my personal favorite scene was the court room scene with the "baby" in the cage. good laughs. .in this flick, michael moriarity portrays a father of a mutant "baby." the government decides to put the lil' suckers (theres five or so now) on an uncharted island. five years later, they decide they need to get "fluid samples" off the creatures for scientific research. michael moriarity goes along for the ride. well the "babies" have grown into five year old "adults." and one of them has had a baby of their own. yes indeed, moriarity is a pappy. all is well until they all die. except moriarity. the monsters want to get back to civilization and moriarity gets stuck with the job of taking them there. somewhere along the journey, they chuck him out into the ocean, cuba picks him up, he gets back to the states, bla bla bla. all in all, this is a funny movie that deserves a four star rating on a b-movie scale. watching this movie alone is like getting beat to death by golf clubs, but watching it with a bunch of b-movie lovers is a riot...if you liked "island of the alive" i recomend: the awesomely bad movie "creature," it's sci-fi on drugs and totally funny..what i learned from island of the alive: cuban officers are nice and funny
a horrible movie.the first x-men movie was fantastic. the second movie sent chills down my spine and was even better. this third movie was absolute trash and i will never buy it
dissapointing..this dvd is a complete rip off, the performance is more focussed on bonos sunglasses, with a camera in his sun glasses of all things, keep it simple and exciting, that means proper editing. its oviuous this editor should'nt be editing any shows what so ever and needs lessons as to how to tell a story to an audience. we are not at the show, so stop trying to create an atmosphere, of swishing shots, because the atmosphere for the viewers is the flaming living room, and your job is to bring something into the room, not try and pull you in, with disasterous effects - what? a great big switch of off on the remote and a $13 dollar cash in at the second hand store. thnak you very much - for nothing
poof!!!.well, my gosh, what a waste of time, u2 really should give it up and just go away and stop plagaraising everything with their marketing money making schemes (u2.com members, ticket prices.)..i won't go on and on about u2 being sold out, where it all went wrong, all i know is that u2 are getting by and panicked when popmart was'nt well recieved, mainly because they were silly enough not to finish the record and get a tour booked ahead of it...so the dvd... boring whats wrong with it .1. crap editing, as others have mentioned.2. the band look bored.3. bono looks like fat elvis.4. bono can't sing anymore.5. was it really neccesary to have a camera in bonos sunglasses?.6. extras??? two thirty second clips of zoo tv and popmart both of which they have'nt released on dvd and both of which are impossible to buy as vhs is extinct now. (despite being their best live shows supporting two of their greatest albums.).7. the credits are listed as a extra feature..8. plagued by material from the overated overhyped and boring album "all that you can't leave behind". ......has its moments, but at the end of the day its the performance that counts, not the lighting effects and the fancy but pointless and annoying unwatchable!! camera editing...if you want to have a collection of u2 live before they turned crap and commercialised add "rattle and hum" "actung baby" "zoo tv live from sydney" and "popmart" vhs's to your collection, thats if you can dig them up from anywhere...u2 have yet to release a decent dvd, dissapoiting for the biggest band on earth
boring.i'm going to have to disagree with the majority of the reviews on this movie. i have seen plenty of russian films, and many of them have been slow and entirely reliant upon the emotional component. mikhalkov, for example, is a director who can do this. this movie suffers from pretentious screenwriting, and a lack of underlying meaning or moral lesson. although the acting isn't necessarily bad, you don't get attached to the characters. i got the feeling that the cinematography and the colors didn't match the movie's theme and plot. at times it got so boring that i wanted to stop watching, even though i never do that. anyway, i do not recommend this movie. if you want to watch some good russian movies, go with "brother", "burnt by the sun", "prisoner of the mountains", "war", or "unfinished piece for the mechanical piano
it was broken.i received my cd tape and was very excited to watch it with my son.  the first time was ok however, the 2nd time it skipped.  i cannot watch the entire tape b/c of this. i had thrown out the receipt so i could not return it...jennifer neuma
land of oprahisms.having avoided seeing this film, i found that the mistake of sending my partner to the rental store on his on, brought "tuesday..."unbiden into our home.my aversion to oprah and her ilk, does not cloud my dislike of this film. a bad film is a bad film.devoid of any real plot and hampered by some very poor acting on the part of all concerned, and directionless directing, this film should not be seen by anyone who values the aforementioned,to me a reasonable premise should move a story forward. something should occur, my interest should be engaged. this film takes reams of pre-packaged aphorisms and greeting card verses, and attempts to build the plot from words alone. it is as if someone picked up the telephone book and said, "hey,this book is full of words, lets make a movie."in a way a movie about the different lives of those listed in the telephone book would be more interesting.to be honest, jack lemmon was not very good in this film. he played the same character he always did. just older. hank azaria was just awful. he talked as if his mouth was filled with stones, and was wooden and expressionless. maybe he was too embarrased to be there. as to the other actor's; well they filled up the space nicely.the look of the film was cheap and of the movie of the week quality. the sprayed on snow in a winter scene looked as fake as it was. they even covered the green leaves on the trees. some better acting, some good r rated dialogue, and maybe some nudity would have spiced up this film. as it stands,however, it will only be of interest to fans of oprah and dr.phil, etc. the purveyors of our national state of pity and feeling soory for ourselves.it is seldom that we find car keys under our chairs, but films such as this perpetuate the myth that a few nice phrases, a good cry, and a genial talk-show presenter will somehow make it all better.i,for one, think that a nice cuppa is more beneficial. then pull the finger out, and just get on with it.(to the grammar and form police: i did have this in paragraphs, but the editing process scrunched it all together. sorry
great movie..really bad transfer.love this movie but the transfer was so pathetic that i returned it to the vendor. this dvd is absolutely the worst transfer i have ever seen. mgm goofed on this classic
nothing new here.i loved what the bleep, but this was very disappointing. there was no new information, it was basically a very boring repeat of everything that she said in what the bleep. we know the vague concepts already, we are looking for specific information for practical application. that is what this video is advertised as providing; unfortunately, it offers none at all...it just felt like an cheap effort to make another buck on the what the bleep hype. watch what the bleep, it's amazing. pass on this one, it's a waste of time and money
don't bother.i loved what the bleep? and i specifically wanted to learn more about 'creating your day'...this video teaches nothing about how to create your day - nothing...it's just ramtha (jz knight) talking about the fact that you can create your day.  i heard you in the movie!  i bought this to give me some additional insights into how to create my day...it does not teach any how whatsoever...do not buy this video!..buy "the secret" @ thesecret.tv...buy "the attractor factor" by joe vitale...buy "wealth beyond reason" by bob doyle...do not buy this video
please people - go read harry potter!.hmmmm.... infomercials now seen as documentaries? if you are in need of hope then i guess you'll believe anything. harry potter was so much better than this .... guess jk rowling has a much better imagination than jz knight...post-september 7 review given all the hoopla over what the bleep - quite frankly: did the people rendered homeless by the tsunami create that? did the students injured at the recent shooting at dawson college in montreal (canada) create that? or even still ... did the people who were on the new zealand airplane that crashed in fall 2006 in the pacific create that as well? sometimes others impose their wills on innocent bystanders through brutal force and that is not creating your day. that is just plain tragic. we are not victims of life but neither are we masters of the universe either.
what a load of [...]!.i was so disappointed with this dvd.  oh my goodness, it just rambled on for me and wasn't to the point.  i loved the film "what the bleep?" and was looking for more.  i've just read "ask and it is given" and am in the middle of the follow up book " the amazing power of deliberate intent" both by esther  jerry hicks (abraham-hicks).  i was abit reluctant to go down the road of "channels".  abraham-hicks have got my attention, they're written with grace.  i personally don't recommend this particular ramtha dvd, perhaps there are others by ramtha that are more engaging..
dvd will not play.i purchased this dvd and it was scratched to hell. it will not play without continuously skipping
pick up your violin, david.....i liked david cross more when he was the violinist for king crimson in the 1970's.  his comedy pales in comparison to his progressive rock credentials.  hopefully, david will call up robert fripp and get it together with crimson again..
not his standup routine.i think david cross is a brilliant comic - even more amazing is that each show (shut up you..., pride is back, etc.) is different material, not the same jokes again and again.  i would love to see a dvd of one or more of these standup shows.  however, this dvd is purely a documentary following cross around to po-dunk clubs where people heckle him.  i don't want a documentary about how crappy being on the road doing comedy is - bring on the jokes - give us a dvd with his full standup routines!  please
you've got to be kidding.i love david cross's comedy,  i love his stand up, i love mr. show. but this dvd is not kinda boring, it is one of the most boring movies i have ever seen.  there may be a few folks who find something entertaining in this dvd -- there is no accounting for taste. but 98 out of 100 normal people will simply shake their heads trying to figure out why this dvd was released
i love david cross but.this movie was kinda boring. not enough of cross' standup. also when there was footage of his stand up, it wasnt that funny
sad to say this lowered my opinion of david cross..don't get me wrong--like a lot of you looking over this dvd, i like david cross's stand-up comedy a lot and i've always enjoyed mr. show, too.  ..i think this documentary disappointed me so much because i found its overall effect neither very entertaining nor engaging (things i like about some behind-the-scenes documentaries), but instead rather formless and mean spirited...while we do get a candid look at the exhausting realities of life on the road on a tour (i admit cross does run into some impossible crowds and pain in the a** people), so much of this dvd seems designed to make other people--including *fans* of cross--look stupid.  for a comic who routinely (and hilariously) criticizes religious and political thinkers for their intolerance, cross himself frequently comes across as a pretty intolerant and elitist guy.  ..it's just odd to me that cross would take his tour out of comedy clubs (a neat idea) and into rock clubs, then get irate when crowds behave like they're at a rock show.  director lance bangs had the opportunity to: (1) widen our understanding of what it's like to be on the road and (2) ask some interesting questions (how do you make people laugh? how do you deal with the exhaustion, the disappointments, of being a performer?).  ..instead he just delivers a documentary full of easy cheap shots and unenlightening minutiae.  bangs has done some good work in the past with musicians; i don't know what happened here...save your time and money
noam chomsky - distorted morality: america's war on terror?.could fall asleep easily. reminds me of poly. sci. 101.the q  a session in the end is good.
noam is an hypocrite.noam hates the western world all the while living in america and enjoying the conforts of western civilization. maybe he should live in a communist country to get some perspective on what his ideas amount to...some people have told that i dont really know what i am talking about here. i can only recommend them to read what noam wrote about cuba. hope to see you there noam
disapointed.found this presentation very poor. after reading many of his books prior to seeing him deliver this speech, i was a greatly disappointed. it was a mumbled fumbled repetitive delivery with the most important facts obfusicated with a line like -i think you all know what im referring to here. i suggest read his books they are much better structured and more to the point. i give this dvd one star and repeat- read his books! dont be lazy and expect to get much out of this, i ask myself how can he be an mit professor with such poor teaching skills, an off (ice) prof ?
brilliant !!!!!!!.once again, chomsky shows he is one of the most brilliant men alive! it's all america's fault! - the evils of capitalism! long live socialism! yet the man is able to publish the same book every six months and charge $14.95 for it brilliant!.from marxist to capitalist in one easy printing!
horrible work out.this is the worst work out tape i've ever purchased...its a waste of money...there is nothing latin about this tape..and her moves are so repetitive...u won't even work up a sweat.however the viva latin rhythm work out was excellent...highly recomende
not fun!.i did not like it. i was expecting a bit more of salsa steps instead it looks more like gymnastic. not good if you know what latin dance means
gary moore is not the greatest on this dvd -1.i know gary moore is not the greatest on this dvd. i bought it was  not very happy.then i seen another dvd by gary moore called ballads  blues 1982 -1994.also on the dvd was live blues with bb king...since i love blues gary moore  bb king.it was a import only a few sellers were selling it.i bought one when it came i put it in my dvd player.this dvd of gary moore with bb king blew me away.i went back on amazon to see if there were any more left.they were all gone for about 2 or 3 months.was told the dvd is rare  hard to find.after keeping my eyes open for a while.it was for sale on amazon again bought 2 more.i did not know if the dvd would be available again.its a piece of history to own for gary moore  bb king fans
very best in live blues...gary moore tears it up,,,.buy this dvd if you want to here the best in live blues, a guitar players, player gary moore is a tone machine with a heart and soul. if you play guitar or are thinking of picking one up to learn get this dvd you will never have buyer remorce, you will enjoy this over and over again... thanks gary.you are keeping the blues guitar alive and well....notice that on the first song gary is playen a heritage h157.made by the guitar builders in kalamazoo mi they are the same ones who built the first les pauls in the fifties..check out heritageguitar.com and wolfeguitars.com.the rest of the show he is playing a gibson les paul, and a strat. the strat just dont get after it like the heritage h157..buy this one its a good one...great dv
moore hates america and freedom..micheal moore made me vomit while watching this movie. america would be a better place if he left here, which he should because he obviously doesn't appreciate everything that his country does for him. his extremely one sided argument has no historical value, and it a piece of brainwashing propaganda that he made in attempt to try to convince more people to hate that country that gives them so much
the magic of moore.i am not sure where to start with this movie, or this persuasive visually essay. after all, that is what it is. anyone who states this movie is entire fact, despite political stripe, is really not being honest with himself or herself. many of michael moore's arguments and positions on topics really follow a "1 + 1 = 3" formula. for instance fahrenheit 9/11 opens with the bush/gore 2000 election. how different news channels weren't displaying solidarity with the results of the election. then the film states how bush stole florida from gore. how did bush do this? well his brother jeb was the governor at the time, which is how! now i am not saying that isn't shady, and i was living in florida and voted in that election, i recall how crazy that entire process was. but you know how this entire situation could have been avoided? if al gore won tennessee (his home state) and arkansas (president bill clinton's home state, after all gore worked with him for eight years). had gore won these states, he wouldn't have had to worry about florida! nevertheless, jolly old michael moore omits these types of facts throughout the entire film. i know many people on the right side of the fence were upset with this movie and feel it shouldn't have been made. my response to that notion is "if you are that upset gop, make your own movie." ..as for president george w. bush, i have a question. is he the dumbest kid on the street or is he the devil himself? because i find myself getting really confused, i am not sure how he can be both. i imagine someone who is really evil to be very intelligent, not to be stupid. consequently, president bush seems to be both, as ominous as hitler, but as dumb as porky pig. i am confused, but i think that is the ruse behind moore's mix message in this movie...i want it to be understood i don't think bush is the brightest crayon in the box, but i don't think the fault of the world is his pratfall. it just isn't one person who makes decisions in government; any college level course will explain that information to you. there are many shadowy and dark figures in american politics that are both republican and democrat. these factors fall into every element of contemporary america. ..as for 9/11 itself, what a terrible thing to happen to any country, the fact it happened in new york city was unspeakable. i am able to say i had been to the wtc before and after the attack. seeing the aftermath was quite moving, to think one of the greatest cites in the world became a target of hate and pain. as for the human-interest story about the solider that was killed and his mother coping, was touching. however, what about every soldier's family who had to deal with a death related to the war on terror? not just in this current war, but in every war that was ever fought? the bloody shirt technique was both moving and a low blow all at the same time. as i write this, i feel conflicted, but please remember that movie making has the magic of editing. was that mother's pain fake, no? was her son not a hero, of course he was. but every war has a casualty, which is why it is war. and for every mother, who is upset her son/daughter is involved with this war, there is another mother/father who is pleased her son/daughter is defending the united states. i think michael moore should have selected more than one family for his visually diatribe, what do you think? ..i suppose i understand moore's plan, blame people here in the united states because after all if al gore were president we wouldn't have terrorists, right? if al gore were president we would all have better public schools, lower taxes and no crime, right? finally, if al gore were president there would be no plot against the united states, united kingdom and other countries, in regards to blowing up public airlines? right? remember that the wtc was attacked back in 1993 by terrorists, when bill clinton was president. just some food for thought...in modern times, we as a country should stand together and be a democracy, blaming each other and falling apart is giving terrorists what they want. especially with all the horror going on with issues around the world today. my greatest concern is this; once bush is out of office are we still going to be blaming him? or are we going to be moving forward? there are still some hard core gop members who still hate bill clinton for things that are wrong in this country. come on people. ..in conclusion, the moral of the story is don't believe everything you see on tv. this movie should be an inspiration for people everywhere to tap into their critical thinking skills. the problem with this country isn't bush, michael moore or the war in the middle east. it is that fact that more people are involved in voting for the next american idol, not the next american president.
the chopped it up.we saw the movie in the theatre and loved it. the dvd we just purchased was horrible. they chopped out so much of the movie it made it un-watchable. it is only good for a coaster under my drink now
i expected better.i'm not going to proceed to judge this movie on the unhistoricity of the claims it makes about christianity.  by now, thanks to this film and the book of the same title, most individuals interested in christology should be aware that this story is nothing more than ignis fatuus.  that being said, i will make this critique based on the quality and presentability of the film, and not on the controversies it has stirred within certain caucuses...as a movie the code leaves much to be desired.  there are gaps in the story line and overlooked pieces of evidence in the louvre museum by the police that no respectable law enforcement agency would fail to detect.  for example, langdon and detective neveu, after successfully evading captain feche in the museum, strike a series of clues (writings, bloodstains, keys) that the entire investigatory team analyzing the crime scene failed to uncover. langdon and detective neveu fail to ask each other seemingly obvious questions that- if answered- might end the movie immediately or take it in a whole new direction.  ian mckellen, a fabulous actor of extraordinary talent, lacks complete credibility in this film. ..so what went catastrophically wrong?  well, it wasn't the book or its author dan brown, who has been selling copies of the code faster then they can count them.  and although the performances were at best questionable, by themselves these are not enough to sink the movie.  the most obvious answer as to why the code is so deficient is ron howard, the director.  mr. howard simply lacked the vision and forethought to successfully and credibly present the da vinci code in a manner believable (as a film, not history) to the audience. i think most individuals who gave this film favorable ratings were captured by the mystery and romantic luster most conspiracies are imbued with, and had a pre-formulated supposition of jesus and his relationship to mary magdalene
a history of violence.i was very disappointed with this film.  i had hoped to learn about the "birth of a nation" and "prenatal" life in the region.  but the entire film is about postnatal fighting...the film is appropriate for people who find fighting to be glorious - for people who like to keep score of battles and casualties like some kind of sports game...this ugly film depicted the entire society as being barbaric.  in fact it sanctified the barbarism as being something heroic.  surely the beautiful people and the rich culture of this region deserve more than this.  surely the viewers deserve more than this history channel pandering.
femme fatales or very lame?.terrible direction, terrible writing, it almost feels like the director didn't know what he was working with. although this movie wanted to be in the same race and quality of the movie clue, it fails to realize that the plot and characters are incredibly riculous and not funny ha ha but funny stupid. it was a total watse of good celluloid
if this is "great," no wonder the french are exterminating themselves.the total absence of normative values makes for tedium, and revulsion, not for greatness...nor even, for that matter, for titillation...when even father/daughter incest is treated as a matter of callous indifference, it becomes easy to see why the french are exterminating themselves, by refusing to reproduce themselves. at the fertility rate of 1.4 children per family, the french nation will be gone in another few generations. this movie will help the viewer see why...sociologically and philosphically interesting, in that it epitomizes the banality of evil, and demonstrates the futility of putting lipstick on a pig. secularism is devoid of soul, and offers nothing to live for, nothing to live by.
sliding scales.this is the first movie i have seen whose rating slipped further the longer it played. .."eight women" is the story of, well, eight women, who are trapped by a snowstorm -- all 5 inches of it. the man of the house has been murdered in the night. young and old, black and white, of different classes, the women must try to determine who the killer is. "eight women" is also a movie about secrets, of which everyone seems to have several. the plot has more twists and turns than an alpine road on the tour de france. yet the first 2/3 of the film is tolerable, funny and even a bit interesting. the characters are self-interested and fun. there's dotty old grandma, a prissy, hysterical virgin aunt, the dead man's vampish sister and coltish young maid, two daughters, a somber yet elegant wife (catherine deneuve) and a black cook. plenty of class and age tension to make three movies...did i mention the music? every twenty minutes or so, one of the characters breaks into song. these are always those stereotypical french songs -- full of longing and sadness and references to sleep and springtime -- that are tedious to american ears. and bizarre. while one character sings, the rest do slow little dances. strange...by the 2/3 mark, i was going to give this quirky film 4 stars. but soon, the plot line spun out of control, getting more and more manic until it finally derailed completely with a tragic ending. definitely not recommended unless you are desperate need of a bizarre experience.
would be good if not for the star.who in the world decided david caruso was a good actor?  i've never before watched such a cardboard, two dimentional, boring portrayal of a charactor in my life.
o v e r l o n g.i continue to be astounded at how carelessly amazon reviewers throw around their 5 star ratings.  this movie is overlong and not especially comedic or romantic.  the main character (or the actress who plays her anyway) is appealing, but her motivations to start a new life aren't convincing or justified.  her "romance" with the waiter is ludicrous and the ending is contrived and predictable.  it actually took me 3 days to see the ending because i just didn't have the patience to view this from beginning to end in one sitting.  if you are a patient, die-hard romantic with 2 hours to kill, i guess you might enjoy it.  i am not and i did not
it really sucked.horror movies are a dime a dozen now, and nothing really speical about them anymore. sad to say, considering its probably my faviorte genere. this movie was a disappointment from the start. whoever did editing on this movie needs to be fired. i mean they are standing there talking, and it just cuts away when you think something is going to happen. i didnt watch the whole movie, it sucked that bad. i bought this movie used, and i'd gladly give it back to the owner free of charge.
man,this movie sucks..don't believe the hype. this movie sucks. nothing happened. the ghost of a boy and a lady showed up every now and then,then the movie ended. i'm not one to usually complain about or laugh at cheap effects. i actually think that the so called low buget 1980s movies look a lot more realistic than todays cgi. but i just had to laugh at the sound that the ghosts made. i imediately reconized it as a sound i used to make with my mouth all the time as a wee lad
a typical male movie: cars, girls, and no sense.i mean, nothing made sense in this movie and it literally made my head spin. nothing but fast cars, severly underweight h00chies, and plenty of rock/hiphop music. it was like watching an extremely long music video. sean is supposed to be in high school, but as old as he looked i guess he was on the 10 year plan. on top of that, he talked like forrest gump. in order not to go to jail, sean moves to japan to live with his dad. sean was able to find himself a crew real quick. and if he and his friends were suppposedly in high school, how come they had so much time to race, fix cars, and go to parties? shouldn't they have been studying for entrance crams? if it wasn't for bow wow and vin diesel (small part at the end), i never would've watched this waste of a film
kitsch is global.a 130-minute barrage of unrelieved bathos and sentimentality, this swedish import doesn't so much insult your intelligence as complacently assume that you never had any in the first place, wouldn't know what to do with it if you did have it, and in general favor entertainment that bypasses the brain entirely and addresses itself directly to the tear ducts. the plot is of the type commonly described in laudatory reviews as "well-worn," which seems to be a euphemism for "shop-worn," "clich," or "stupefyingly unoriginal." here it is (spoilers follow): daniel, a big-shot conductor in emotional difficulties and poor health, returns to the quaint rural village of his childhood, takes over and revives the local church choir, heals himself and everyone else in sight with his life-affirming yet charmingly diffident zaniness, finds love, finds his inner child, and finally, at the moment of his and his choir's greatest triumph, croaks. a great director and screenwriter might have been able to conjure some life out of even this forbiddingly stale and schmaltzy program, but kay pollack isn't up to it. instead, in a kind of perverse tour de force of misbegotten inventiveness, he celebrates, embraces, wallows in the schmaltz, throws it at you until it's dripping off you like oobleck, and somehow keeps finding more reserves of it tucked away in odd little corners of the film. indeed, there's something horrifyingly impressive about the way this movie gets relentlessly stupider and more bathetic from the first frame to the last: it almost bespeaks a kind of strange talent, albeit of the ed wood variety; and while watching it i almost suspected a cynical provocation of some kind, as in the kingsley amis story about the poet who, at the end of a long and successful career, publishes a volume of intentional gibberish in order to expose the critical establishment as a passel of clueless poseurs. (speaking of whom: "as it is in heaven" was nominated for best foreign film at the oscars in 2005, after being strewn with similar honors in sweden, where it was reportedly seen by some two million viewers. we're used to this kind of idiocy from the academy, but what's going on in the country of strindberg and bergman? has someone been putting something in the kttbullar?) ..a standard feature of movies like this (and books like this, if it comes to that--cf. ayn rand) is that characters are presented not as human beings but as representatives of some principle or other that the filmmaker deems important and relevant. aiiih is no exception. the parade of didactic marionettes includes:..-- daniel's love interest, a ditzy twenty-year-old blonde, who represents the life force;..-- the humorless, sexually repressed, hypocritical preacher, who represents the church, which as we all know is a sinister combine bent on stamping out the sex drive and repressing all manifestations of joy and spontaneity, especially in modern scandinavia;..-- the wife-beater whom everybody at first inexplicably tolerates, and then finally locks up and forgives--who represents violence and what to do about it;..-- the retarded kid whom daniel insists on letting into the choir, chiefly so that he can become the film's symbol of the virtues of inclusiveness and the deep human wisdom of special people. (incidentally, it's about time somebody realized that sentimentalizing retarded people, in movie after movie, as symbols of purity/goodness/wisdom-beyond-the-ken-of-those-cursed-with-normal-intelligence, or whatever, is just as disrespectful and exploitative as making cruel fun of them; it just seems nicer. can't we have a movie that depicts a retarded person as a human being? the only one i can recall seeing is "best boy," a documentary about the life of a retarded man that came out about 25 years ago. apart from that they've been reduced to targets of witless ridicule, as in "there's something about mary," or turned into plaster saints as here.) ..so, to sum up: save your money and your time, which would be better spent sleeping or watching reruns of "the o.c."  run, don't walk, from your local art theater if this is the main attraction. and don't forget the moral of the story, rather comforting to me as an expatriate american living in a europe that preens itself on its superior wisdom and sophistication vis--vis the usa: kitsch is global.
aspect ratio revisited.in previous reviews the aspect ratio of this dvd set is often mentioned. i have to agree with those reviewers who state that the aspect ratio is wrong. it may be true that the series was shot in 16:9 and i remember seeing it that way on belgium tv, but this is not that version! when watching these dvds it very soon becomes clear that something is wrong: the top of people's heads are frequently cut off, sometimes an action that takes place at the bottom of the screen is not visible. i also own the dutch dvd-set of this great series which has 4:3 aspect ratio, no extras but very cheap, less than $10,00. comparison showed that the signature editon used the 4:3 version and chopped off the upper and lower part to get a 16:9 version. again, if the series was originally shot in 16:9 than this is not that version! shame on you hbo for passing this chopped up version of a brilliant series as an expensive so called special edition
warning - this is not the definitive version.according to the internet movie database this miniseries was originally filmed in 1.33:1, so that means that the signature edition is reduced from fullscreen to widescreen for modern theatre-style tvs.  that means a lot of the picture has been removed.  in my view this is a fatal flaw.  if you want the real version, get the older dvd set, as (in my opinion) this one doesn't have enough extras to recommend it even for people who own widescreen tvs...update:.recently i purchased the signature edition of this miniseries as my old one was badly damaged.  so i had the opportunity to compare the two side-by-side.  i immediately put a sample of both the old and new dvd episodes.  contrary to a later reviewer's assurances that this dvd set was filmed in 16/9 ratio, and that it was cropped for the original tv airing, i can now state with absolute certainty that that is not the case (or if it was, this edition has suffered a further cut, giving the viewer even less image - at least vertically - to watch).  the signature edition is definitely a cropped version, as it showed a distinct loss of image at the bottom of the screen in the clips that i chose to compare.  this does not apply to the titles, which have been re-done for this edition, and are an improvement for those of us with big screen tvs.  it may be that the miniseries was filmed in something like 1.66:1 as it may be the case that in the horizontal plane some image has been recovered, but if it was filmed in 16/9 (1.78:1) the signature edition does not reflect that...also, this dvd set has some very apparent visual flaws that are not evident in the original dvd release.  during the special effects sequences (during spaceflight etc.) there are often visible horizontal mismatches on the film.  these happen with almost every space sequence and are very distracting indeed because the eye is naturally drawn to the flaw.  to be completely fair there's no way i can tell whether this is a dvd flaw, or if it's due to the transfer from my dvd player to the tv - but it shouldn't be there and i don't experience this flaw with any of my other dvds...so my warning still stands.  this is not the definitive edition of this miniseries.  the original dvd release is the series as it was meant to be seen (uncropped vertically).  the signature edition shows less image and a poor quality image, and the visual artifacts make the spaceflight sequences virtually unwatchable, especially on a larger screen.  needless to say, i returned this dvd set for a refund.  in my opinion it is sub-standard...if this series was indeed filmed in 1.78:1 the definitive edition has yet to be seen on dvd.  i would like to see such an edition in the future - perhaps remastered and enhanced for 16:9 viewing and perhaps in a hdtv format so that it can really be appreciated on big screen tvs
the nadir of many a career.movie: *1/2  dvd quality: ****  dvd extras: ***..don't be fooled by the pedigrees of the distinguished cast and crew members; "in dreams" is without doubt the career low for director/screenwriter neil jordan as well as actors annette bening, aidan quinn, stephen rea, and even robert downey, jr. (who's made a handful of turkeys throughout his rollercoaster career).  the film aspires to be a psychological mystery-suspense-thriller in the vein of "psycho" and "the silence of the lambs", but is completely undone by a cut-and-paste script filled with unlikeable and unbelievable characters; uninspired direction; shallow performances; choppy editing; and a grossly ineffective musical score.  only one scene in the movie is played convincingly, and that's the one in which annette bening finally begins to go over the edge mentally; pitching her voice in a lower tone and undergoing swift changes of emotion, bening gives a brief and tantalizing glimpse of what she might have been able to achieve with a similar character in a better movie.  unfortunately, that one scene does not make the chore of sitting through the other 97 minutes of pretention and tedium worthwhile...in terms of technical quality, the dvd presentation of this bomb is more than acceptable.  picture quality is clear and sharp; the sound is a bit fuzzy in one or two spots, but that may have been the intent of the filmmakers - i was so bored and so eager for the movie to be over that i didn't stop to replay the bits of dialogue in question.  the dvd extras are so-so: thumbnail cast and crew biographies that mention much better movies; several lackluster screens filled with "production notes"; and finally, the theatrical trailer, which is probably the best thing on the disc because it's short and features quick flashes of the film's visual highlights.  "in dreams" is not recommended viewing, even for those viewers who enjoy bad movies for their camp value
what a shame.i love aitf. always have. and was very excited about the fact that 'it' was going to be available on dvd. it was - as most of us know - a 'landmark' tv show. it changed tv. but what a shame. the picture quality of the dvd is absolutely horrible. no better - in fact - than the vhs tapes i have of the show. [that i taped myself] and what excuse is there for no 'extras'? compared to other 'complete seasons' - like the 'mary tyler moore show' or 'here's lucy' [among others] the aitf is a disgrace. even the box it comes in is done on the cheap. without question - aitf should have been [at least] digitally remastered. 'all in the family' is a 5-star show. 'the complete third season' is a 2-star effort. [at best] i have no idea what the first and second season are like - but i already feel as though i've been robbed - and am not about to make that mistake again
the bad editing in the recent u2 dvd's is getting tiresome..i work as an editor on high-end projects (mostly commercials and music video's with a couple of well regarded concert dvd's and award winning short film work to my credit) and i have to say that the editing on this disc (and the previous 2, to a lesser extent) demonstrates a real lack of sensitivity to the material...there is an epic quality to u2 in concert. each song is its own experience... its own mini event; and instead of letting the power of that experience unfold naturally and organically... letting the music/performance tell its own story (and what a story it is!) the editing imposes itself on the music and the performance(s) and the effect is that you are taken out of (or at least not fully drawn into) the marvelous natural flow of power that is u2 live...all 3 of these dvd's are worth having simply because the band's brilliance in concert mostly transcends the poor editing but these discs could have been truly amazing documentations of almost religious experiences had the director/editor gotten out of their own way and really understood and felt into the event(s)...what a shame
quite dissapointing.with so many good acters in this film you would think this would be a good film.its a rubbish love story.it had a few good songs and thats why i havwe giving this film 2 stars.this movie is not worth watching
winkler was the good part.if you must watch this film, watch it for winkler, who gives an interesting preview of his future role in "arrested development".  watching this movie for "prinz" and "stiles" is counterproductive.  not only have the actors "failed to make the best" of the script, the script was written from the viewpoint of the super-rich hollywood elite who live lives with zero financial consequences.  thus, we watch as young adults walk out on culinary school, muse about becoming "singer-songwriters", and "stop paying attention" to their college plans.  much like the "friends" genre that this movie shamelessly imitates, this is a "time porn" piece, where the characters have little else to do besides "mature romantically" and "find themselves".  a movie for history's circular file
scewed and slanted.they spend the first half of this movie saying how great the ultimate warrior was.  the journey is awesome!  then all of the sudden, the paid wwe guys just began to bad-mouth the warrior. maybe he did have questionable judgment - but why are they trying to make us feel bad about someone we loved?  they take some very low blows. they say that the warrior was a bad wrestler. actually he seemed just fine to me when i was young, and i really can't distinguish one's ability from the other. they just all gang up on him and make outragious allegations. vince says quickly that the reason why the ultimate disappeared for 3 years was because he failed a drug test. as soon as he says this, they fade to black then come back with a new issue. what drug use? which drugs? presumably they're talking about steroids. but what about that high and mighty hulk hogan with his admitted drug use. let's not talk about that - let's just keep ganging up on the warrior. they completely ridicule him changing his name to the warrior. and they also just try to badmouth him so much. who cares that none of the wrestlers liked him? i don't! he excited the heck out of me way more than any of the dorks who say bad things about him -including hulk. and oh yeah - they don't even let the warrior defend himself.  why did i have to find out from imdb.com that he was asked to appear but declined? why don't they address this?  this "docu" is more slanted than "fahrenheitt 911" every wrestling and ultimate warrior fan will start out loving this docu then hating it. it just leaves you with a bitter taste in your mouth, tired of all of the whining and bitter trash talking.
nothing golden about this one.this film is based on a concept that has potential - a mathematical key to the interconnectedness of all things - but it doesn't deliver.  clearly, the writer wants us to believe that there is one elusive key to the intriguing patterns all around us, but he pretty much drops the ball right there.  usually with this sort of plot, you are at least given the illusion that *someone* knows the answer and what's more has some clue about what to do with it as well.  there's no such suspension of disbelief in this one, nor even an attempt at such.  ..adding injury (if you count eye strain) to insult, the whole thing is shot in grainy bw with annoying mtv-style jump cuts.  in the awards for obnoxious splash films of the year, this one takes the cake, but not the pi
pi.when a movie producer in 1998 foregoes available spectrum of colors and technology opting to feed his audience grain-black, white and jittery gray, the result had better be good. that fraction of members of the technicolor-drunk general viewing audience who will even stipulate to watch such a thing do so at decided perils of time and money, push play alongside mr. benefit-of-a-doubt and strain to see if it works. thus begins the argument of effect and more specifically, that of color. the problem with a black and white movie is that very few movies that resort to that, despite some grand intention, do not work, or, in the alternative, do not work as well. citing two examples - sin city which is near-tolerable acting paired with an absurd choice of black and white, tantamount to robbery, and good night america which is all and about the same. the dilemma with black and white productions is that regardless of how well it comes together, there seems always a thread of an argument in the back of one's mind that if one must resort to black and white to make one's point, one might be better served as a charcoal artist. color is the medium of life. from a budgetary perspective, black and white films save money as the 'challenges' of color, which, in a good feature, can be excessive, are thus eliminated. yet complications arise - for instance - i wasn't sure if that was blood or motor oil dripping from that guy's hand. similarly, the entire cast in sin city could have been wearing hot pink, in shades of course, and we would never know. yet of course this is no excuse to dislike a movie - or is it? one wonders, however, that, if pi production would have had more money, would they have opted for color? moot point. it's done...notwithstanding the obvious that i don't prefer black and white movies and incidentally don't know lots of people who do, pi, although a courageous artistic attempt with significant merits ranging from creative camera work, clever symbolism and high-octane guts, seems to lanquish for other reasons. despite pi's visceral intensity which is delibertaely hot-wired throughout, spinning out scenes that sizzle the nerves, after max's third or fourth headache it gives up the ghost. as as result, the movie stays earthbound, weighted down by a mediocre revolving-door plotline (obsessing man chases number grail looking for key to life while beset by outside forces including the recycling feeds of his own troubled mind), unremarkable narrative with a gem here and there, failing repetitive effect and thin, uninspiring 2-d support cast, leaving the movie wanting for depth and intelligent character interplay. unresolved imagery and scenes lent the impression that this creative endeavor was a bit out of control and ad-hoc which is no fatal flaw in and of itself but in this case was signficantly detractive. despite a reasonably decent stockpile of cinematic victories the battle wasn't won. the themes inspiring pi have excellent potential however this movie trafficked the runway like an antiquated flying machine - airborne one second, belly down the next. as a fine creative exercise, the creators are praised for their effort and bravery - pi is as bodacious as a skunk engaging rush-hour traffic and commands the watcher's attention until that undefined moment when boredom sets in. contains subterranean theme seedlings which likely served as brain fertilizer for the subsequent more advanced spin-off -  "a beautiful mind"
what a pity!.i hope people don't start to think of this movie as alien 5.  in my mind this is a whole new venture, one that is separate from any of the work that sigourney weaver did on the first four alien films.  the first 4 films are pretty good and i really like the whole series.  it works rather well and i would love to see another alien film with sigourney in it.  i think they could pull off one more film.  ripley's a great hero...this movie was pretty bad.  the only reason i give it 2 stars is because of the special effects.  i felt like i was watching a scooby doo version of alien.  whoever greenlit this film clearly just wanted to make money.  the plot was..well..stupid and the atmosphere of the movie was pretty much non-existent.  each of the first four alien movies were provocative in some sense no doubt because of sigourney's involvement.  this one was as boring as a white wall and it was as cheesy as a funhouse at a state fair.
"in good company" is not good company."in good company" goes on and on at the end a little bit, and the ending especially is not fulfilling character/plot-wise.  if it had ended 15-20 minutes before it actually did, i would give it three stars instead of two...i admit there were quite a few times when i laughed a bit to myself, but it didn't make me fall off the couch or anything. there were other times when i thought the actions of some characters were weird or forced...overall it isn't an entirely bad movie, but, like i said, the ending is unfulfilling.  overall not strong performances coming from scarlett johansson or topher grace
the star wars trilogy... not.these are not the original theatrical realeases. in addition to the changes made in the special edition versions of the films, american cinematographer noted in their review of the dvd release that they had gone so far as to change the color-timing of the transfer so that the color scheme more closely resembled the more recent prequels. though they are an impressive technical achievement, i'll be buying the academy award winning films that i saw when i was younger
lucas strikes!.note: this review is not about the trilogy (which is great). this review is about the many dvd releases...the worst thing that ever happened to george lucas is when peter jackson released the extended version of lotr. jackson showed fans we could demand, expect, and receive more from hollywood. the impact of peter jackson sent shock waves among fans, who released a four-disc edition of one of the greatest movies of all time. even old hollywood guards, like ridley scott and james cameron (no surprise they are not americans) took notice and improved their dvd releases. this change has been powerful, except in the case of lucas and to some degree his pal steven spielberg, who continues to stick to their old habits by being dinosaurs when it comes to business and satisfying the consumers. ..the many re-releases shows greediness, stubbornness, and lack of respect for fans. no one is upset with him for cleaning up the original version, but please allow fans to have the 1977 version and the updated version with better picture and sound quality. in addition, please stop using the "limited edition" you like to use to get fans to buy new copies of star wars; it is both false and tiring. release these films in anamorphic widescreen with 5.1 surround sound and allow the 1977 version of the movie be release...lucas's creditability has gone downhill to some degree because he is only known for his star war movies. unfortunately, his latest releases have only damaged him further because the quality of the prequels has been less than stellar. his shady practice of video/dvd releases of his past glory has resulted in some fans losing respect for him...one must wonder what went through lucas mind when peter jackson won an academy award for best director and not him. maybe if he focus on making quality films (like he once did) and not playing the dvd re-re-re-release game, then he could win one.
worse than bad.this movie is silly at best, racist at worse. i can't believe ice cube actually wrote the script for this mess. my opinion of ice cube has been drastically lowered. it's the old black jiving and shucking all over again. this movie has all the classic black stereotypes. it even has a scene where smokey gets so high that he ends up in the chicken coop thinking he's a chicken. remember the old minstrel shows?: "nobody in here but us chickens." there's no  plot to speak of, just a bunch of insults, getting high, stealing money, potty jokes, black people knocking each other upside the head. some character get punched out, and smokey (chris tucker) goes over and yells in his face, "dude, you been knocked out!" that's a typical "joke" from this movie. how about a dogcatcher getting bit on his behind by a dog? hilarious---not. after watching this dvd with my family, we tried to think of one funny or worthwhile scene, and we couldn't think of a single one.
would've given it nil stars if i could've....dated, derivative, self-indulgent  unintelligent.  this is truly bottom of the range stuff.  the acting, directing, soundtrack and script are all dire.  none of the characters are even remotely sympathetic, in fact i was hoping they'd die slowly and painfully.  i note that billy bob thornton was both star and a scriptwriter - methinks his true nature is revealed in the script and the part he chose - an arrogant, amoral, misogynistic, self-important coward (with zero sense of humour).  don't waste your time watching this drivel, it will leave you with a bad taste in your mouth that no amount of tequila can erase.
mediocre is good?.i was very disappointed after reading all the glowing reviews for this movie and then watching your average "bad guys on the run" movie.  gee, billy bob thornton plays a crazy bad guy who shoots people and he doesn't like cops at all; he even uses bad language!  a friend was watching it with me and he thought i was watching the lifetime channel. this movie just plodded along down cliche boulevard
forgettable western!.this film has some good actors in it but the plot is pretty shaky and hard to follow at times.  it is not comparable to other great westerns made during the sixties.  eli wallach is good but confusing--who and what is he after?   the color is good and it sounds like a sergo leone picure but it isn't.  what a shame!!!  it could have been made better--less comedy and more plot and of course --action and suspense!!!!  buy or rent on your own if you dare----i wouldn't
not  for babies.sorry, but i have to give this dvd a negative review..first of all: what age is it really for?  there are many fragments that introduce spelling and addition. don't you think it's a little bit yearly for your 6 months old (and probably even 3)?  the dvd needs much more real life objects, it sounds and looks very dull and boring. i always thought  that children learn through play, songs, rhymes, and etc, but  not through dull repetition. even alphabet is introduced without well known "abc song".  i am giving this dvd two stars because it has nice classical music and it did catch some attention of my 18 months old son (so far we saw it ones). as much more age appropriate material i would recommend:.hap palmer "baby songs: abc,123, colors  shapes";.bee smart baby- vocabulary builder;.baby babble - speech enhancing video;.baby einstein- van gogh (world of colors);.the wiggles-"toot-toot"
made me seasick.i loved the first movie...and i'm sad i can't say the same here...as rene rodriguez of the miami herald put it: the worst kind of sequel - the kind that exists only to give you more, more, more of what you particularly liked about the first film, without ever justifying its own existence. indeed, in my view, dead man's chest was just that, and it didn't please me nearly as much as the first...what the filmmakers did was listen closely to what audiences said about curse of the black pearl. the audience liked the swashbuckling action, the audience like the humor, and of course, the audience l-o-v-e-d capt. jack sparrow. the filmmakers took this feedback and tried to incorporate these things into dead man's chest. oh boy did they try - way too hard. it shows...swashbuckling action? let's give them a three-way sword fight between the three main characters that lasts twice as long as it should. swashbuckling action: check...humor? let's bring back pintel and regetti, the comic relief of the first movie, and make them a bigger part. we don't have to explain how they got out of jail and why others of barbossa's crew didn't. we don't have to explain why they both vow to help bring jack sparrow back when, in the first movie, they helped maroon him and almost shot him. they're funny, that's what the audience wants. and hey, lets have most of the cast on an island inhabited by cannibals. we can have jack roasting on a spit, then have it become a shishkabob later. we can have the crew in hanging cages, swinging back and forth and rolling downhill in them. this whole scene of the movie will be utterly pointless, but it give them the laughs they want. humor: check...jack sparrow? we'll have plenty of him, but just doing these silly loony toon-like stunts. not putting him in different critical situations that display his cunning and convincing negotiation skills and his quick-thinking. and what of the central threatening situation? whether it was escaping from a sinking dory or fighting a ferocious battle with his former first mate or facing death by hanging, jack was always calm, cool, and collected. not this time. so what if it goes against him (as one filmmaker said himself) always believing that if he can just hang on long enough, that everything will eventually turn in his favor. make him visibly afraid. make him panic at the sight of a black spot on his hand. make him cringe at the first sight of davy jones. yes, jack sparrow's mannerism will be a bit different this time, but its johnny depp in the same pirate costume - it should satisfy the audience. jack sparrow: check...but what of the other things that make a film good? things like, say, a story? aware that the film did need a tale to tell, the filmmakers decided the "plot" of dead man's chest would be four individual dilemmas thrown clumsily together: cutler beckett wants jack sparrow's compass (why? we'll have to wait for the 3rd movie to find out), norrington seeks to restore his now-shattered career to it's previous glory, will and elizabeth must get beckett what he wants in order to escape the hangman's noose, and jack sparrow attempts to weasel out of a 13-year-old bargain made with davy jones. what does this all come down to? only one character accomplishes what he/she set out to do in the whole 2.5 hours. norrington brought davy jones' heart to beckett - but will had to steal the key from jones first. that's the only thing that actually gets done in the movie. how could that have taken 2.5 hours to do? it didn't. then what filled up the extra time? the pointless stuff i mentioned above. as ty burr of the boston globe put it: it goes absolutely nowhere and takes 2.5 hours to get there...i'm not someone whom filmmakers can show three men sword-fighting and a group of savage cannibals chasing someone down a beach and expect me to be impressed. there needs to be a point, something to it all. as dana steven of slate put it: without a beating heart at its center, this chest feels empty indeed. one star for effort...and for davy jones' creative design (tentacles for a beard, nice)
sunk without a trace.what a disappointment! i absolutely loved the black pearl but was admittedly  nervous about a sequel. as it turned out, i had every reason to be. it whole purpose of this movie seemed to be to return those characters from the original, major or minor, who seemed interesting. that they did but, unfortunately, the producers forget to give them a credible plot and interesting things to say...depp seemed to play his role even campier than before while keira must have, somehow, pissed off the writers so that they refused to give her any real meaty part of this movie. legolas, i mean, orlando bloom also seemed to be sort of drifting along, sometimes good but more often, haphazardly. to my mind, the only real interesting addition was that of davey jones. except for times when it was hard to understand what he was saying (due to the tentacles 'n all), at least his was a unique addition to the movie. i do sort of object, however, to associating him with the flying dutchman legend. the two have nothing to do with each other, fantasy or not. and don't get me started on the cannibals!..any way, i think this movie merits the two y'ars i gave it. while considerably beneath that first movie, it is somewhat watchable and even enjoyable at times, but it is most definitely not as good...and, as a final thought, the very last scene of the movie? lose it entirely. it simply was unnecessary.
i wish i could go lower than this..this is horrendous movie. i will never claim it as the movie of my generation. it's one of the many reasons why i absolutely hate the "80's". the others are:breakdancing, the yuppie lifestyle,power hungry businessmen/women, women with manly handshakes, new wave music, and junk movies like this. i know that the main character is nothing less than a manipulator who is only concerned about himself, and what he can get out of life. he ridicules his friend because he's sick, and doesn't feel like driving ferris around...especially in a ferrari that mysteriously gets lost in the parking garage, so what am i left to believe i have to wonder if this is where ice cube got the inspiration for "it was a good day". i don't care what decade it was, or what was cool back then, or now manipulating your friends is "not" i repeat"not" cool. i know with john and johnette q. public this is something of a sexual relase. i could picture private parts of men and women everywhere getting soaking wet from this movie, and i find it so repulsive that everyone out there finds this funny.
wow bad even by decoteau standards.a real time waster.  not even decent underwear scenes for those who buy these things for that
this movie sucks..i was watching cinemax one night, bored out of my mind and unable to sleep, when this movie came on.  the acting made me laugh.  the premise made me laugh.  everything about it made me laugh.  hey, at least it was fun to make fun of anyway.  just kinda mad that i wasted a good 80 minutes on this piece of crap
are you kidding?????.dont watch this movie the only reason you should watch this movie is to see how bad it is they shoulda called it backstreet boys from hell even the cheesiest horror movies seem amazing compared to this its a true waste of time
painfully stupid..ring of darkness (david decoteau, 2004)..former porn director david decoteau, whose most notable mainstream flicks have been the puppet master franchise (he directed 3, 4, and 5, the last two under assumed names), takes an absolutely brilliant idea and makes an incredibly stupid movie out of it. now, to be somewhat fair, not only is it a made-for-tv shlockfest, but one that certainly didn't have the budget of a danielle steel miniseries (imdb estimates the film's budget at three-quarters of a million dollars). still, it would be hard for this movie to be worse than it actually turned out; about the only thing that saves it is its premise and the fact that decoteau took nothing seriously...we open with gordo (club dread's greg cipes) fleeing from a mansion. just as he gets to the beach and seems as if he's going to get away, he's cornered by four dark shapes. cut to an announcement that boy band take ten are auditioning for a new lead singer. (i'm sure you can draw the proper conclusion.) after a round of auditions, during which you're liable to get as sick of the catchy little tune they play just as much as you did any nineties boy band hit, the four remaining members of the band choose three possible replacements for gordo-- shawn (guiding light actor coltin scott), jonah (decoteau staple jeff peterson), and xavier (baywatch's jeremy jackson), who are all flown, with xavier's girlfriend stacy (american idol finalist ryan starr, whom you will be pleased to know does not sing at any point in the film), to the band's island mansion. which, of course, looks very familiar. as the three continue the auditions in a slightly more stressful situation, weird things start happening.....with all the young-and-beautiful male skin on display, you're likely to think you're watching a victor salva flick. however, comparisons with the superior salva end there; decoteau directs as if ring of darkness (the title, by the way, has absolutely nothing to do with the movie itself) were his first film, not his fifty-second. i haven't seen this much obvious shot repetition in a movie since night of the lepus. the acting is atrocious, as one would expect from folks who cut their teeth in ta-fests (the two notable exceptions to this are adrienne barbeau, who plays the band's manager, and coltin scott), the script is bad even for a horror-flick parody, and the whole thing is just on the right side of unwatchable to keep you glued to the screen...or maybe you just want to watch a boy band get theirs. i know that was my motivation.
bad backstreet boys.if you've ever seen a david decouteau movie (brotherood, leeches, werewolves of new york) you know what to expect:  a homoerotic mishmash of ridiculous plotting, hunky boys in skimpy underwear; and relentless padding consisting of slow motion swaggering and lots of pecs and abs.  in ring of darkness, adrienne barbeau (swamp thing, fog, creepshow, maude) plays the boy band's seductive manager who stages an audition to replace the band's lead singer who tried to leave them after he found out what the boys in the band were in reality.  barbeau does well as always, but the rest of the insanely attractive cast needs acting lessons badly.  by the time you've figured out just what these hunks do to keep their looks, you've had to sit through some pretty derivative plotting and a predictably campy ending.  decouteau needs to rethink his future projects and at least come up with more than just pretty bods
roll over , play dead, and don't stop.this is one of the stupidest, silly, totally misdirected movies i have ever seen. i have always loved "disasters in nature movies". i was not disapointed. this was truly a horrific catastrophe. the best part  of the movie was.....was..... was.....i am getting there..............  the story had no meaning. adrienne barbeau should sell raffle tickets the next time she needs money. her talents were totally wasted. hers was the only talents being wasted; no one else in the movie had any.  this dvd also will do nothing for the environment, as it is going straight into the garbage. if ryan starr wants an oscar she'd better start by asking him out on a date, because julia roberts and halle berry have nothing to worry about anytime soon. she does have potential though. there was nothing unique about the band members. there was no reason for their actions. i can honestly say the same thing about the producer and director of this sewage on screen
wow, this is bad!.i think this may have grazed my top ten list of bad horror movies (it is right up there with movies like "half-caste"). this just redefined the word bad. it is defecation. the best way to describe this is to imagine an episode of the power rangers meeting an mtv boy band video: it has very bad acting, slow, generic killing scenes (each victim is surround by members of a boy band and smothered so you cannot see what they do to the victim) at least half of the movie is a generic music video (singing throughout the movie) you almost have to see it to believe it, and i definitely wouldn't recommend seeing it. this movie is the equivalent to getting kicked in the groin or going to the dentist. this movie will make you want to hurt someone, or vomit uncontrollably. it will make you want to peel your eyelids off with a fork. oh and did i mention it was bad
very boring.i've been wanting to see this movie and i finally did on logo. i'm just happy i waited untill it came on tv. i though it was going to be way better considering what reviewers everywhere said about it. the romance was slim to none. i thought the other guy on the cover was going to have a bigger role. well, i won't say too much without destroying the movie for those who have not seen it. anyway, i would much rather watch beautiful thing, get real, all over the guy  the incredibly true adventure of two girls in love
eh.bland, bland, and more bland...it seemed to be trying for some kind of emotional resonance, and fell far short of the mark.  with the except on the main character's mother, nearly every single character was completely unlikeable.  and a little lea delaria goes a long, long way...it does replicate the 80s very well, but it just feels so devoid of humanity
echo parque.my main motivation in seeing this movie was to better understand the reputation of echo park, a little area nestled next to downtown los angeles. i moved to echo park in late 2004...it's depressing - the vicious cycle of drugs, dropping-out, and  domestic violence. and it's all here, told through the eyes of latina teenagers. it was easy to see the woman's hand on the direction of the piece with the important roles that women played...i didn't care for the movie as a whole because it felt sluggish and uneven. i also found myself not caring about any of the characters. so-and-so gets shot, la la loo goes to jail. whatever!..as an aside, though, the evil neighborhood druglord was called ernesto. it turns out my next-door neighbor in real-life is also called ernesto. luckily, it's just a coincidence
this film sucks..this is a bad movie, plain and simple.  there are few films more boring and badly acted than this one...rent it or borrow it if you must but save yourself the money, you'll regret purchasing this film...this is just a self-promotion vehicle gone bad
capital  boring....what were those people who gave this 5 stars watching?  if you want to see two people jabbering for 80 minutes this is it.  this was adapted from a play, but still...  this would be an "f" in any high school play.  i want my 80 minutes and $20 back
tedious."incredible" i saw one review describing this production.  the meaning of the word must have been changed in the dictionary because this is not incredible.  it is slow, convoluted and uninspired.  no chemistry exists between the actresses, with no connection to the audience.
reconsider before you buy....i rented this movie for about six dollars and i have to say even that was a waste of money. i thought this movie was incredibly over acted, boring and hard on the eyes. the thing that annoyed me the most was the monologues that each of the main characters did. they were exaggerated and reminded me of the kind of acting you would find in a infomercial. for the superficial people out there i wouldn't watch this movie hoping for eye candy because you won't get it. when i found out that the two women starring actually wrote and directed the film it finally made sense why the acting was so horrible. ..i have no idea why this movie has any stars at all it was horrible and that would be considered a compliment
bad, worse, want 2 buy it.this is the worst lesbian movie i have ever seen - way worse than claire of the moon, which was pretty bad.  i read the reviews so i bought it but i won't do that to some other sucker.  bad acting, bad story line, unattractive women, no hot scenes whatsoever..don't waste one red cent on this one
the second worst dinosaur movie.first off, special effects mean nothing compared to actual quality. but at least this is better than the abomination that was jaws...the only dinosaur movie i can think of that's worse than this is raptor, which consists of parts of the three carnosaur movies cut  pasted together...it has some redeeming feature in that ian malcom and john somedoy (i forget his last name... the guy who owns the park) were actually interesting characters. i guess steve speilberg finally realised that monster/animal attack movies only work when you have characters people are going to give a monkey's rear end about. unfortunately, the boring, stereotypical alan grant was the central character in this...if you want to watch a steven spielburg movie that's actually good, watch e.t. or something. or "the lost world: jurassic park" (even though recommending a sequel may seem lame, the sequel is a million times better than this)..if you want to see a dinosaur movie, then watch either the sequel to this movie, or arthur conan doyle's "the lost world". i would also recomend the 'carnosaur' movies but i think they're out of print...if you want to see a movie where sam neill plays an interesting chracter, watch 'in the mouth of madness' or 'triangle'..but definitely avoid this movie. the only reason i even own it is because it was sold in a box set with "the lost world: jurassic park
outfoxed is junk..outfoxed is a propaganda pure and simple.  it is made by left-wingers and is prejudicial, if not more so, than the fox news.   it is made by people who see some kind of great right wing conspiracy in the media.   it is made by people who like to silence any fair exchange of ideas and who want to dominate the news cycle with their contrived and simplistic stories that left-wing democrats are the good guys and right-wing republicans are monsters who want to molest children, take away lunch programs, and discriminate against women and minorities.  ..people who praise this film think it meets some kind of standard of real journalism, but it doesn't.  it is not necessary to pretend that it is anything other than what it is. it is a  propaganda film as was triumph of the will.  the ersatz "journalists" behind this anti-fox diatribe are objecting to the fact that there are conservative opinion shows on fox news channel.   they don't like that some news channel would give a voice to conservative opinions because that makes it more difficult for them to achieve their own hidden agendas.  the would prefer that if you have to put conservative voices on the airways you surround that one voice with five or six liberal voices to keep it in check and to make it appear that the conservative voice is an out of the mainstream of american political life point of view.  the propagandists behind this film deliberately confuse that fact with the fact that there are also news programs on fox.  it is the necessary plot of their lame story line.  people who praise this film as some kind of real journalism, either don't understand the difference or are themselves political hacks. ..the bottom line is that they are jealous that fox has been successful at what it does, and that they are nothing but failures at what they do.
not so fair and completely unbalanced - see my media scorecard.pundits would have you believe that fox news and rupert murdoch are the antithesis of quality journalism.  they even based a bond villian on murdoch in one ofe the more forgettable movies. nothing gets a liberal's eyes rolling than when you say you watch fox news.  this attackumentary wants you to believe that fox is biased and not credible.  watch this attackumentary and listen for yourself to what they are saying and draw your own conclusions...the former reporters gripe throughout this "piece" that rupert murdoch changed how reporters operate, for the worse in their opinion.  what actually happened is that these reporters had to work for a change.  they had to work hard, something they probably never did before.  murdoch, like any driven person, demanded nothing less than excellence from his employees.  those that could hang, rose with fox news.  those that could not keep up appear in "outfoxed"...fox does have a bias on its commentary section.  this draws ratings.  the thing that the pundits seem to have a problem with is separating the journalism from the commentary sections even with fox putting a big sign up saying "commentary".  they are so used to their "mainstream" liberal journalists blending their personal views and possibly slipping in actual news that they cannot tell the difference anymore...here is my latest scorecard:  mainstream media:  latest and greatest from reuters, a major supplier of news to the always objective "mainstream media"; fired a reporter for falsifying photos to show violence worse than actually happened.  this photographer decided that his photos (or the war) was not alarming enough so he added a few more smoke plumes and darkened the overall image.  how many other war photos have been doctored this way?  on the reuters' news page there is no mention of this deliberately manufactured garbage.  you had to go to their main page and look way over to the right side to find the story.  i guess they still have enough shame to be embarassed about this incident. ..the bastion of liberal "non-thinking"; new york times has had several reporters writing stories about events that they did not actually do background work on.  in other words, they phoned in their stories without any actual knowledge of the events.  they also revealed secrets that hurt the world's efforts on fighting terrorists.  cnn - nicknamed the clinton news network during the 90's for swallowing anything the clintons had to give and asking for seconds, the only thing they were upset about during the whole lewinsky scandal was that they wanted to be the ones under the desk.  on their online "news headlines" section they repeatedly have lou dobb's column appear mixed in with news as if what he says is news.  lou dobb's is the paid liberal mouthpiece for cnn and everything he states is opinion not news.  you would think they would put him on their opinion section but unlike fox they don't have one.  they think it is perfectly all right to mix opinion with news.  usa today breaks a huge story on a massive phone tapping scandal.  oops, turns out it wasn't as massive as it seemed and the data was given voluntarily.  over 70% of the american population agreed with the bush administration on this move despite his otherwise low approval rating.    cbs's dan rather, this is the man man who nearly wept on camera when the republican revolution swept through congress in 1994.  all his hopes of a liberal presidency were washed away.  he launched a smear campaign against president bush using the worst journalistic standards imaginable.  his background investigation was nil.  people discredited this story almost instantly and yet he persisted on reporting it.  after everything was said and done he still tried everything in his power to prevent having to recant.  the editor for the los angeles times had to put out a memo to his people to try not to be so biased during the 2004 election.  finally there is newsweek, whose irresponsible reporting was the direct cause of riots that led to a score of deaths and untold injuries.  they were so eager to report the desecration of islam's holy writ that they failed to see if it actually happened.  they ended up recanting with a pseudo apology that laid the blame on everyone but themselves.  the blood may wash off easy but do the memories and guilt remain?   that is a question the reporters and the editors can only answer. if so, that is the punishment you deserve for abusing one of the most important and influential professions in the world.  perhaps others will think twice before fanning the flames of hatred just to sell a few more issues.  ..these are just minor examples of how the "mainstream" media operates.  these are real stories and influence real events in the world, sometimes with serious consequences.  this is not the same as news commentators spouting off at the mouth about an issue of the day.  if you want more then read the book bias by bernard goldberg to get a real understanding.  i will stick to fox news as i have yet to find a major scandal regarding how they report the news.  like any prudent person i take my news from a variety of sources and choose for myself on how to interpret what it all means.  i do take news with a grain of salt if it is coming from sources that have proven they are more interested in being first than in being correct.  cnn, reuters, cbs, newsweek, ny times all fall squarely into the "dubious at best" category...all i have gotten from this attackumentary is a bunch of liberals and hack reporters whining because fox separates the opinions from the facts,allowing people to decide for themselves how they want to interpret the news and america loves them for it...the liberals hate fox news.   fox actually investigates and reports on what happened; not what the liberals wished would have happened.  they show the liberals for what they are, full of $%$^.  they hated it when fox repeatedly showed then president clinton walking in a funeral procession laughing it up, that is until he saw a tv camera and started shedding crocodile tears...fox news made the general public aware that the budget successes of the 90's was due mostly to newt gingrich.  clinton had a disastrous first 2 years of his presidency.  gingrich's congress would not send clinton the pork barrel projects so he couldn't spend to excess.  i wish we had gingrich leading the congress doing the same to president bush...i am sure rupert murdoch is feeling "outfoxed"; right now his network is ranked numero uno as it has been for some time.  this dvd is hovering between 2000 and 3000.  i am ranked higher than it is.
macgyver on stupid pills.as mentioned in another review, stolen scenes from runaway train. not just clips, but entire scenes. also the plane crash scene from cliffhanger. still worth $3 - $4 for a dvd just for the other action
worst movie i ever saw.i have seen some bad ones in my day but this is the worst. i couldn't believe i wasted 2 hours of my life on it..they literally stole scenes from runaway train in this. not the ideas, they stole the filmed scenes. the train kept going from one engine to the four in rt. the continuity was a joke. had a semi truck go from tandem axle to single back to tandem..seems like some of the actors must have had a house payment coming up
we all hated this film.i bought this dvd because a friend said it was one of the funniest films he had ever seen. we're still friends, but i'll never listen to one of his reviews again--our taste must not be compatible...my wife, daughter, and i seldom agree on anything but we unanimously consider this the worst movie we've ever seen. it's the only movie i've ever turned off before the end...on the plus side, watching most of this film has given me a new perspective on cinema. i used to think i knew bad movies. now i know that most movies are at least pretty good, and it's only a very few that are truly bad. this is one of those very few bad films...best in show belongs to a genre of "comedies" that i find boring at best, but often cruel and mean. other films of this type are "waiting for guffman", "bottle rocket", etc. if you enjoy watching pathetic people struggle then perhaps you'll appreciate this movie
better not shown.i imagine this movie might be funny if you're really into dog shows.  i'm not, so i couldn't tell you.  mediocre at best.  "this is spinal tap" was better
disappointed.for such a great actor, i expected to see his best films-not a collection of his so-so films. the movies are good, but it's a huge diappointment to true de niro fans
love deniro, but bad selection of one of america's greatest!.what about once upon a time in america, the untouchables,cape fear, men of honor, the godfather, taxi driver and 15 minutes?    i would have purchased this collection in a heartbeat if it included his best work. the films in this collection are good, but does not reflect his all of deniro's most popular performances (with the exception of goodfellas).   this collection is like qualifying for the olympics.  a little taste of what you can do before you collect the gold metal. analyze this should have been in a comedy pack along with meet the parents and raging bull.  wag the dog, although ok, should have been left out
unplayable dvd's.all of these discs are such poor quality that they continually freeze in any dvd player.  no wonder they're so cheap, you get what you pay for
a simple appetizer.ninety percent opinion, ten percent fact.  for more in-depth analysis and much harder hitting investigation based on mainstream media reporting view any of alex jones' later films.  9/11: the road to tyranny, martial law: rise of the police state, and terrorstorm are far better.  heck, you can view them all for free on google and youtube.  alex is a man so concerned with getting the word out that he releases all his works for free himself
0 stars - it's like watching a recruitment video for the kkk (filled with errors).i counted ~15 factual errors (aka lies) during michael moore's opening speech.*..i stopped shortly after...i'm not going to waste my time on such obviously factually-wrong fiction.  how stupid does mr. moore think we are?  i was *there* watching the election unfold, and what he reported is not what happened.  ...* example: he said fox news pressured nbc, cbs, abc, and cnn to change their minds, and give florida to gore, and then bush.  what a load of lies.  fox news has no power over the other nets.  nbc, cbs, abc, cnn operate independently, and reached their decisions independently, without influence from fox...* and furthermore, the other nets did not call for bush (as moore falsely claimed).  they labeled florida "undecided", and left it that way for several days...* also, moore claimed that a recount showed gore won florida.  false.  a bipartisan committee counted the votes a few months later, and not only did bush win, but the recount *increased* his lead from a few hundred to several thousand, because of conservative communities in western florida.  (many other non-biased groups found the same result.)...this video reminds me of his columbine documentary, where men's ties kept changing colors in the middle of their speeches (it's called creative editing).   moore has no ethics.  propagandist...as far as i'm concerned, he's no better than a kkk member.  .same mental disorder  illogic.
bedlam.the bedlams that greet the current republican administration each morning for usa `involvement in iraq' have actually relegated this dvd to second-rate..it is obvious that the producers of this so called `documentary' are more likely to be fractious to mr. bush in particular than accommodating to the american public at large..it is also obvious that mr bush is not the type of person to succumb to self-pity..mr moore must be happier receiving ready cash from the other camp though...in the meantime i can still see very long queues moving slowly waiting for the full truth behind 9/11 to unfold.
not worth it.boring!  all this time is spent during the dvd talking about the john fisher technique, but not really showing you anything specific.  lots of great video shots of dogs romping about with their owners and shots of classes being conducted, all being voiced over about the 'great john fisher technique'.  who cares!  i didn't order the video so that i could go look for a trainer who trains with this technique, i ordered it so that i could train my own dog.  so little instructional information was given and the video was so boring, me and my dogs fell asleep watching it.  what a waste
a huge disappointment.like most people, i loved the original friday - a true classic. i had heard that this one wasn't as good, so i rented a copy just to check it out for myself...this movie is straight-up garbage. mike epps can't carry chris tucker's jock. what a waste of what could have been a very good movie series...stick with the original; don't waste your time or money on this one
still more disney pabulum.i've always loved kay thompson's brilliant "eloise" books.  eloise was born 3 years before me, although she benefits from a case of arrested development (not unlike dennis the menace), having reached the age of 6 in 1955 and never aging since. i've been to the plaza hotel as a child in the late '50s and early '60s, and my mother spent many happy years in the big apple, some as a barbizon resident.  ..my grandmother once remarked to my mother that the oil portrait of eloise in the plaza lobby made her think "she must be the manager's daughter," since no other explanation could account for such an "ugly child" being so prominently displayed!  kay thompson was a graduate of the same high school in st. louis as my mother, and went on to achieve many wonderful, gutsy, triumphs in hollywood as a dancer, choreographer, designer, and actress (including her role in "funny face" with fred astaire and audrey hebburn as the vogue-ish magazine editor who advocated "think pink!").  i greatly admire the multi-talented and mercurial thompson and her  inspired illustrator, hilary knight who did as much as thompson to bring eloise to life.  for that matter, i very much like eloise herself, who was by all accounts kay thompson's alter-ego...the first eloise book was subtitled "a book for precocious grownups, about a little girl who lives at the plaza hotel."  eloise was a child, but the books were not meant for children. adults, especially those who've raised children of their own, understand that children are not better, wiser, smarter, and kinder than adults. but since at least "pollyanna" if not before, disney studios has been churning out a constant stream of propaganda films asserting just the opoosite...and now, kay thompson's wonderful playful, innocent, bratty, obnoxious, sweet eloise has been beatified by disney as their latest child sage.  the problem with these lies (and all others) is that they blind people of all ages to their own shortcomings while unfairly blaming them on others...children are not wiser and better than adults, and they never have been, and they never will be, even if jimmy carter did think his 11-year-old daughter amy had the last word to say about nuclear weapons (he was mistaken, of course).  children are typically much more cruel than adults, and if they say sweet innocent things from time to time (which is rare) it is only because they haven't lived long enough to learn better.  ..but they will learn better eventually; although some of them will suppress or deny their life-lessons to become seriously committed adult hypocrites.  adults who don't get this either don't have children, or don't pay attention to them as they really are, disney studios' party line notwithstanding.  ..in the books, eloise's charm lay in her vulnerabiltity, her precociousness, her smart-aleck attitude, and her essential warmth, which asked no quarter and took no prisoners...delightful as childish qualities, but lacking in, shall we say...nuance.  disney tries to make her into an all-wise marriage counselor and social activist do-gooder. as such, eloise is transformed from a delightful child into a *very adult* sociopathically manipulative prig, which quite ruins the film...as it also ruins real life when people go wrong like that...this was never the character thompson and knight developed, who was simply a charming self-absorbed brat...and, by the way, a lot more credible as an actual child.  eloise's future as an adult has been speculated upon. some think her a likely candidate for alcholism, drug addiction, and perhaps certain dysfunctional sexual disorders, as an adult child of an absentee mother and no father at all, raised in circumstances of artificial material luxury and moral decadence. ..such concerns are not unfocused, but since we all know that eloise will never, and can never, get any older than 6 years of age, they are, i would suggest, unwarranted.  ..meanwhile, i wish disney studios would either go away or do something else.  of course "children of all ages" (sanctimonious children and smug, narcissistic adults who can't or won't grow up) will eat this junk up as disney knows very well.  ..but i think kay thompson would spin in her grave at this pc propagandistic re-working of her own special "inner child" who was so much more real than this disney caricacture: not despite, but because of, her obvious childish failings...on the plus side, the film's production values could not be better, and the little girl who plays eloise is...perfect.  julie andrews is absolutely wonderful as nanny.  the sets are great.  i loved the first half hour of this film, before the disney message (children, especially little girls, are the master race) became apparent.  it's certainly well done!  i did wonder, since there seemed to be an emphasis on making the time frame seem 1950s-like, why the featured toy store was toys r us instead of new york's flagship toy store, f.a.o. schwartz?
not too clever romantic comedy.when i saw that the movie was from the creators of legally blonde, i figured it would be original and hilarious, boy was i wrong. it is so ridiculously predictable, i mean they should have put a twist somewhere in the plot. the plot wasnt even that great. when topher grace was trying to show is affection for kate bosworth he was being too mean and way too obvious. i mean kate bosworth's character had to be stupid not to see that topher was in love with her. plus bosworth's character was quiet annoying. her hair was bothering me the whole movie, and that whole retainer thing at dinner was such a weird part. i agree with another review who said "what 22 year old would wear a retainer let alone take it out on a date with a moviestar" let alone on a date with a human, it was gross. i would not recommend this movie     , entirely too predictable and too lame to enjoy.
this is funny?.nope, it is not funny. some people might not consider me qualified to review this, as i did not even finish watching it, but personally, i was highly offended. madea is nothing more than violent and abusive. end of story. once she got out the belt and started beating her foster child, i had to turn it off, as i was highly disturbed. who promotes this as being funny? that is a sad situation which unfortunately happens to lots of kids, and as a teacher and former camp counselor, i have unfortunately had direct contact with many children who have been abused in a similar way. i am sure anyone who has had direct experience with victims of abuse would agree with me that it is never funny to promote any form of domestic abuse. and all the other scenes were extremely boring. do not watch this movie, unless you think abuse is funny, and then you are just sick
worst treatment of one of the most under rated tv shows ever.to charge a ridiculously high price for an abridged release of any tv series is a crime. in this case it only adds insult to injury. this tv show was never fully appreciated, much less promoted in it's original run, which coincided with the early years of the simpsons. but that can be credited to fox television's still relatively early, unsure of itself years when it wasn't quite sure where to emphasize its marketing. nevertheless, that's no reason to perpetuate that crime in its dvd release. chris elliott was perfectly cast in this role of the live at home with the folks, 30 year old paper boy. it gave him an avenue of extention for the dry wit he demostrated in his years on david letterman (who can forget, the man under the stands, and his marlon brando routines on that show). watching this show you can see where producers cast him as the lead in "cabin boy," again, another unappreciated work. the wit and sarcasm are the same, as is the way he irks those around him, including his own folks, which includes his real life dad bob elliott of classic old time radio fame, and elanor donahue of "father knows best" and "andy griffith," where she played a before her time sexy pharmacist named ellie. i give this series 2 stars merely due to the quality of the episodes themselves, which  was the perfect marriage of writers who worked around elliotts' delivery and humor. on that it should get a 5, but the collection offered here is a disgrace. this show ranks as one of the top 2 tv shows to get cut short before given a fair chance, along with "police squad," which at least was given a second life in movie theaters via "the naked gun" movies. elliott deserved better than just "cabin boy" towards that end. try again on the dvd release boys. either do it right, or it shouldn't have been done at all
unconvincing.colin firth and kevin bacon head up the cast as a comedy duo from the 50's whose careers are ruined by a scandal involving the murder of a young woman. bacon does a pretty good job as a creepy funny man, with firth as the anchor of the team. off-stage the comedy roles they play are echoed in their lives. but i found "truth" confusing and unengaging. i found it hard to care at all about the demise of the duo. and as several have noted, lohman as the reporter who seeks to uncover the mystery of the murder is not credible. give this one a pass
i wish i could go lower than this..this is horrendous movie. i will never claim it as the movie of my generation. it's one of the many reasons why i absolutely hate the "80's". the others are:breakdancing, the yuppie lifestyle,power hungry businessmen/women, women with manly handshakes, new wave music, and junk movies like this. i know that the main character is nothing less than a manipulator who is only concerned about himself, and what he can get out of life. he ridicules his friend because he's sick, and doesn't feel like driving ferris around...especially in a ferrari that mysteriously gets lost in the parking garage, so what am i left to believe i have to wonder if this is where ice cube got the inspiration for "it was a good day". i don't care what decade it was, or what was cool back then, or now manipulating your friends is "not" i repeat"not" cool. i know with john and johnette q. public this is something of a sexual relase. i could picture private parts of men and women everywhere getting soaking wet from this movie, and i find it so repulsive that everyone out there finds this funny.
long gray line.the movie overall is really a great story; the quality of the dvd is what really is what i find as poor quality.  it's almost as though some one  copied it using a video camera recorder.  i already own a copy of the vhs tape and it is a far better version of the film.  the actors are classics.  i can only say good things about maureen o'hara and tyrone powers.  ward bond also.  there were others who were in supporting roles who deserve mention; still the story is one that really what is s classic piece of americana that deserves remembering.
this disney release was rushed..i'm a language teacher and i have a number of dvds that i use at school as language tools.  dvds are great because they're inexpensive teaching aids when it comes to foreign languages...but only when the dvds actually have other tracks than english.  nowadays practically every released movie has language tracks and sometimes subtitles in other languages but this dvd seems like a hearkening back to the dark ages when people were lucky just to get a movie on this format and no extra effort whatsoever was put into a movie's release on dvd.  i was pretty disappointed to discover just as the dvd was shipping that it wasn't what i thought it was going to be.  i suppose it's my fault for assuming, but i feel ripped off just the same
you've got to be kidding..this movie is basically about 12 yr. old boys crying with each other.  when does that ever happen?  the dialogue is completely unbelievable considering the age of these kids.  what 12 yr. old worries about "..never getting out of this small town."?  .i guess if your childhood consisted of sitting around and crying with your friends, then you might enjoy this movie in some lame nostalgic sense.  i have a feeling oprah would like this movie.
just not gripping.admittedly the film is clever and the acting is good and it has it's moments of entertainment, but overall it's long and pretty boring.  it seems it would have been better suited as a play, which apparently it was originally.  i had just finished re-reading romeo and juliet when i rented this, thinking i was still in a shakespeare mood, but this didn't do it for me.  i suppose if i had just finished reading or watching hamlet, it would have been better.  my favorite parts are oldman's silent scientific discoveries, completely amusing.  couldn't wait for the movie to end, honestly
profoundly unfunny and completely unwatchable film..completey and utterly unfunny performances by oldman and roth. stoppard may be a brilliant playwright but a filmmaker he is not, having botched a great potential for his play on the big screen. we get instead a literal and utterly uncinematic treatment of his much-touted play. watching the first fifteen minutes of "heads, heads, heads, heads, heads, heads, heads, heads, heads," is colossal torture, like status elipticus. it's suited to the stage maybe but can never play well on the big screen. having hopes it might pick up, that was dashed as the entire film seem to lack any momentum or any type of cinematic sensibility whatsoever. a classic blunder of failing to recognize two different mediums. don't take my word for it, watch it yourself and see.
mediocre retread.i saw this with a group of strangers with candy fans, and everybody was pretty disappointed.  each scene of the series was overflowing with humorous touches - the film is strangely sedate.  at the same time, a ton of jokes are lifted straight from the television show.  the things they don't lift are missed - why did they swap gerri's manically comatose father for dan hedaya laying peacefully in bed
rent it!.i have to disagree with the other reviewers.  i enjoyed the series, and probably saw most of the episodes, but this wasn't worth the time.
sorry i bought this.this dvd is very cheesy and i am sorry i bought it.
i never received the video!.i read the statement: will send in two to three business days. it's been almost one month. i never received the video.  i'm not happy
bad dvd release..the series is brilliant. this dvd release is not. both the original and the replacement that amazon sent me were defective. scenes would skip, certain episodes would "stick" every few seconds, some episodes and special features wouldn't play at all and would just kick you back to the main menu, and disc 1 on both copies was completely unplayable. (i would get "cannot play disc" errors.)..i was afraid that maybe my dvd player was being finicky, but then i bought the first-run, individually released seasons through amazon marketplace sellers and ebay. they play just fine, with no problems. i'm not sure what happened with this release and why there are so many glitches, but my recommendation is to find some copies of the originals and buy those. they're always some used copies floating around on amazon and ebay. mine are used, and they play great...btw, you get pretty much the exact same extras and features with the first-run releases, with the exception of maybe a couple of things, so you're not really missing a whole lot. plus, the boxes are sturdier
it skips chapters.i have now received 2 copies of this dvd and if you notice there are 3 episodes or more that do not play correctly. my personal favorite is the episode were jerry is trying to become homecoming queen. it skips a whole chapter... the weesle  the chicken... maybe the best comedy i have ever seen. please check your copy and see if this happens, it is not the fault of amazon it is a bad transfer to dvd that needs to be fixed. if you need to see this chapter it will go black screen for a short time after the locker scene, and skip to the next chapter. to see the chapter, go backard 1 chapter. i have had the same problem on all dvd players
nick cage in a bad role.nicky cage was not very good in this cinematic decomplishment, as he turns  in a horrible acting job in this dull and boring movi
tawdry choices for the brat pack....i was excited to see this until i found out which movies would be included. weird science? come on. it should have been the breakfast club, pretty in pink and st. elmo's fire
so many gaps in the story.this movie is the story of a gay cuban writer who eventually makes it to the u.s. to escape the persecution he's suffered in cuba. and that's about all that can be inferred from this movie. there are large chunks that are spoken in a different language. but there are no english subtitles so you have no idea at all what's going on. this disrupts the already choppy flow of the movie so that it has almost no cohesiveness at all. whatever the message of this movie is, whatever it's trying to convey, it's lost in the plotless story
made me seasick.i loved the first movie...and i'm sad i can't say the same here...as rene rodriguez of the miami herald put it: the worst kind of sequel - the kind that exists only to give you more, more, more of what you particularly liked about the first film, without ever justifying its own existence. indeed, in my view, dead man's chest was just that, and it didn't please me nearly as much as the first...what the filmmakers did was listen closely to what audiences said about curse of the black pearl. the audience liked the swashbuckling action, the audience like the humor, and of course, the audience l-o-v-e-d capt. jack sparrow. the filmmakers took this feedback and tried to incorporate these things into dead man's chest. oh boy did they try - way too hard. it shows...swashbuckling action? let's give them a three-way sword fight between the three main characters that lasts twice as long as it should. swashbuckling action: check...humor? let's bring back pintel and regetti, the comic relief of the first movie, and make them a bigger part. we don't have to explain how they got out of jail and why others of barbossa's crew didn't. we don't have to explain why they both vow to help bring jack sparrow back when, in the first movie, they helped maroon him and almost shot him. they're funny, that's what the audience wants. and hey, lets have most of the cast on an island inhabited by cannibals. we can have jack roasting on a spit, then have it become a shishkabob later. we can have the crew in hanging cages, swinging back and forth and rolling downhill in them. this whole scene of the movie will be utterly pointless, but it give them the laughs they want. humor: check...jack sparrow? we'll have plenty of him, but just doing these silly loony toon-like stunts. not putting him in different critical situations that display his cunning and convincing negotiation skills and his quick-thinking. and what of the central threatening situation? whether it was escaping from a sinking dory or fighting a ferocious battle with his former first mate or facing death by hanging, jack was always calm, cool, and collected. not this time. so what if it goes against him (as one filmmaker said himself) always believing that if he can just hang on long enough, that everything will eventually turn in his favor. make him visibly afraid. make him panic at the sight of a black spot on his hand. make him cringe at the first sight of davy jones. yes, jack sparrow's mannerism will be a bit different this time, but its johnny depp in the same pirate costume - it should satisfy the audience. jack sparrow: check...but what of the other things that make a film good? things like, say, a story? aware that the film did need a tale to tell, the filmmakers decided the "plot" of dead man's chest would be four individual dilemmas thrown clumsily together: cutler beckett wants jack sparrow's compass (why? we'll have to wait for the 3rd movie to find out), norrington seeks to restore his now-shattered career to it's previous glory, will and elizabeth must get beckett what he wants in order to escape the hangman's noose, and jack sparrow attempts to weasel out of a 13-year-old bargain made with davy jones. what does this all come down to? only one character accomplishes what he/she set out to do in the whole 2.5 hours. norrington brought davy jones' heart to beckett - but will had to steal the key from jones first. that's the only thing that actually gets done in the movie. how could that have taken 2.5 hours to do? it didn't. then what filled up the extra time? the pointless stuff i mentioned above. as ty burr of the boston globe put it: it goes absolutely nowhere and takes 2.5 hours to get there...i'm not someone whom filmmakers can show three men sword-fighting and a group of savage cannibals chasing someone down a beach and expect me to be impressed. there needs to be a point, something to it all. as dana steven of slate put it: without a beating heart at its center, this chest feels empty indeed. one star for effort...and for davy jones' creative design (tentacles for a beard, nice)
sunk without a trace.what a disappointment! i absolutely loved the black pearl but was admittedly  nervous about a sequel. as it turned out, i had every reason to be. it whole purpose of this movie seemed to be to return those characters from the original, major or minor, who seemed interesting. that they did but, unfortunately, the producers forget to give them a credible plot and interesting things to say...depp seemed to play his role even campier than before while keira must have, somehow, pissed off the writers so that they refused to give her any real meaty part of this movie. legolas, i mean, orlando bloom also seemed to be sort of drifting along, sometimes good but more often, haphazardly. to my mind, the only real interesting addition was that of davey jones. except for times when it was hard to understand what he was saying (due to the tentacles 'n all), at least his was a unique addition to the movie. i do sort of object, however, to associating him with the flying dutchman legend. the two have nothing to do with each other, fantasy or not. and don't get me started on the cannibals!..any way, i think this movie merits the two y'ars i gave it. while considerably beneath that first movie, it is somewhat watchable and even enjoyable at times, but it is most definitely not as good...and, as a final thought, the very last scene of the movie? lose it entirely. it simply was unnecessary.
tedious....if you are a casual cheap trick fan, don't buy this dvd. the sound quality is poor and the performances are uninspired. even the great bun e carlos seems to be just "going through the motions." after seeing an inspired cheap trick show in person back in the early 80s, this dvd depicts a mere shadow of the former band that i knew back then. if you are a hard-core cheap trick fan, it won't be  total bust, but i wasn't happy with it. if i'm going to shell out money for these dvds, i'd expect a lot more than what i got in this case.
very dissapointed.....this dvd release is from a lackluster performance by the band in sydney, australia, in 1988. to be fair, i don't know if it's the band's fault or production's fault... but something is wrong here... the band seems uninspired, the sound is not great at all (far, very far from it!). also, the set list is short...the feeling you will have is that this is no this band's greatest performance by a large margin... and you will wonder why, if it was to release a live dvd, they decided for this cold concert..
[poor] concert footage.i recently bought this dvd and was extremely disappointed.  the sound and light quality were both awful.  the band was totally uninspired.  this live effort pales dramatically next to "live at budakon."  the voices are worn out, the energy is gone.  it's out of tune and the audience is minimally involved.  after watching it once - it's off to the dust bin!  (for a much better live concert - try queen live at wembley, styx return to paradise - or even journey 2001
i'll be there... but not for long.there's a reason why they talk about the "voice of an angel" -- it's because charlotte church certainly doesn't have the acting presence of one. her acting debut "i'll be there" is proof enough -- only the presence of its star got this tepid little drama into theatres, where it rapidly dropped out of sight. rightly so...seventeen years ago, paul kerr (craig ferguson) of the love rats had a fling with a groupie at a concert. fast forward to the present: kerr discovers that unknown to him, his ex rebecca (jemma redgrave) gave birth to a daughter, olivia (charlotte church), who is now a well-adjusted paper girl...the problem is, olivia has been kept a secret from her dad. rebecca is embittered, but kerr wants to get to know his daughter, and similarly olivia wants to get to know her father. music seems to be the thing that will bring the angel-voiced girl and the burned-out rocker together, but rebecca doesn't want her child to follow in her father's footsteps..."i'll be there" was hyped months in advance as being inspired by the life of actress liv tyler, who, despite being only in her twenties, has had an immensely interesting life. well, maybe someday she will get a biopic, because "i'll be there" is only similar in one way: it involves a rock star and his daughter. otherwise, it is boring in about every way that tyler's life is interesting...with a forgettable script, not much humor and a goofy premise, the movie doesn't have a lot going for it -- it reads like a disgruntled teenager's absurdist fantasy, scripted for church to act out. and not a terribly interesting teenager, either. it gets increasingly ridiculous when olivia decides to pursue music to bond with daddy dearest; it's an obvious ploy to show off church's vocal skills. ..the best that can be said of church's performance is that at times she looks sweet. as for acting talent, she is bland at best, but she does perform some good songs, and her voice is as pretty as ever. just watch the songs and fast-forward her actual scenes. redgrave does as good a job as she can, and ferguson wrings some pathos from his performance as an aging rocker. his is the only memorable role in the film, and it's a shame that the movie didn't focus on him rather than the dull miss church...miss church appears to have chosen a role that glorifies her in the middle of an atrocious film -- also known as the britney spears approach. "i'll be there," but i promise i'll get out as soon as i can
interesting script - poor acting.fresh horses, on paper, would have seemed to have been a perfect hit script. you had molly ringwald, with her porcelain skin and delicately curly red-blonde hair. you had andrew mccarthy with his boyish charm but also the male strength beginning to come through. you had a romantic triangle. you had the "class divide". the brat pack was loved by millions. how could this fail? ..the problem really does seem to come down to the actors themselves. there's very little "energy" at all to this story which is supposedly about passion overcoming logic. molly is a 16 yr old girl in rural kentucky. when her stepfather begins fondling her, and her mother does little to help, molly tries for the only escape she can find - marrying the older bad-man-in-town, viggo mortensen. she claims she never slept with viggo - only used him for escape. then viggo's father began fondling her, and now she wants out of this house as well. ..to get momentary relief from her homelife, she hangs out at a friend's home, which is a 24 hour party. here she runs into andrew. andrew is a very serious student who has just gotten engaged to his high-class, wealthy girlfriend. the girlfriend rambles on and on about china patterns, having children and living the perfect life. andrew goes with the flow until he sees molly - and is instantly in lust. molly leads him to believe she's 20, single, and interested in him. it takes maybe 3 days before he's sleeping with her. to his credit, he does tell his fiancee promptly, and breaks off the engagement. ..you'd think everything was wonderful now, right? however, andrew learns from friends about molly's lies. he decides to keep seeing her anyway. however, he doesn't want to introduce her to his family, and has no intention of marrying her. he says he loves her - but his feelings seem to be more related to sex. at one point he even gives her a wad of cash to buy her off. ..there's a telling scene near the end when andrew thinks molly has been publicly stripped by her husband. andrew storms off to their house to have a talk with viggo. andrew is deliberately rude - laughing at viggo's artwork and putting him down. but it's viggo who is the calm one here. when molly shows up, viggo points out that molly's been doing all this lying and scheming so that andrew would be a knight in shining armor and ride off with her. he asks andrew - if you're saying i'm not good enough for her - it seems that you think you're too good for her, right? andrew finds himself agreeing - that he won't take on molly himself. he wants to get molly away from viggo, but then is going to abandon her to her own means. how could he figure that molly would be better off with nobody at all, vs with viggo? ..fast forward to a year later, and molly has in fact found herself a "wealthy college boy" to take care of her and is taking classes again. she's happy, and andrew is sad. i suppose you have to give them credit for a not-typical hollywood ending to the story. ..the landscapes are often gorgeous, and the various details of high class, low class, city, country are all played nicely against each other. so the problem really comes down to the main actors. molly and andrew maybe have gotten too used to playing ensemble roles where each person just has to be a stereotype without a lot of depth. you really get a sense of shallowness when you're watching this movie. andrew has an entire life including a long-term romance, that he's set in. in just 3 days he's thrown it all away for molly - but you never get any real sense that he cares about her. molly was supposedly taking some quite desperate steps to find safety in her life - including seducing and lying to andrew in order to convince him to rescue her - but she never seems to care much either. ..intriguingly, only 2 people really seem to have depth in this movie. one is ben stiller, andrew's best friend. it's ironic because ben's character is shallow and cares more for himself than for those around him. even so, ben really seems authentic as someone who isn't used to having to worry about others - but who really does try his best, many times, to get andrew to wake up to reality. the other is viggo mortensen. you only glimpse viggo once until the end of the movie - he's just referred to as a "rough guy" who has done many bad things. when you actually encounter viggo (after andrew has in essence broken into his house to confront him) you're prepared for the worst. however, viggo is very patient, very well spoken, and quite intelligent in his commentary. he doesn't thrash andrew for sleeping with his wife. instead, he lays out the situation and makes both andrew and molly face their failings. molly deliberately lied and used andrew as a tool of getting a better life. andrew, for his part, knew he'd never actually rescue molly but led her on repeatedly to have time with her. ..some have said this is the worst movie ever. many sections of it can be very painful to watch. however, i do find glimmers of meaning - especially in the ending discussion with viggo. even there, though, you would think this would be a moment of great soul searching for andrew and molly. instead, both seem to think, "yeah, i guess that's true. oh well, see ya." i don't mind gloomy movies at all - in fact i really appreciate them sometimes. however, if a movie has no depth of character or quality acting, it just makes the whole experience fall flat.
not the worst movie ever made.first of all, this is not the worst movie ever made, nor even the worst movie ever made that was given a budget and some name stars. the worst movie ever made was "autumn in new york", but that is a different review. ..no, this not a great movie, but it is very interesting. and for once, thank god, it doesn't end with everything tied up in a pretty hollywood bow where everthing works out for everyone. it has a gritty sort of realism that transcends the walk through performances of the stars of the movie. and the scenery works well for the overall feel of the movie, bleak...more interestingly for me and others of my generation who grew up with the brat pack, this marked the end of these actors forays into trying to do the teenager thing. for molly ringwald, she didn't do anything of note again until "the stand" six years later, and for andrew mccarthy, well it could be argued that he still hasn't starred in anything of note again (although he probably made some money from "weekend at bernies" i  ii)...anyway, probably better to rent than buy, i am only buying it to complete my 80's collection.
do not buy this movie~ worst ever!.this is seriously the worst movie ever.  the last time i saw it was in the theater, and i still can't get over how bad it was.  in fact, it ruined a perfectly good date with a perfectly good guy.... we didn't speak for six months after we saw it together!  i too wish i could give it no stars.... and obviously people aren't looking for this movie since the last review was in 2002!  i can't believe you can even buy it on dvd
this is funny?.nope, it is not funny. some people might not consider me qualified to review this, as i did not even finish watching it, but personally, i was highly offended. madea is nothing more than violent and abusive. end of story. once she got out the belt and started beating her foster child, i had to turn it off, as i was highly disturbed. who promotes this as being funny? that is a sad situation which unfortunately happens to lots of kids, and as a teacher and former camp counselor, i have unfortunately had direct contact with many children who have been abused in a similar way. i am sure anyone who has had direct experience with victims of abuse would agree with me that it is never funny to promote any form of domestic abuse. and all the other scenes were extremely boring. do not watch this movie, unless you think abuse is funny, and then you are just sick
unlikeable characters,  bad vibrations.i was into the concept, the idea that memories which you no longer wish to keep can be permanently erased from your mind. unfortunately, by the time these scenes were shown i was sick and tired of the various characters. they were whiney, boring, combative, and very profane.(the r rating is well deserved). at times i felt  i would have very pleased if the entire cast(almost) had been rolled by a beer truck--at least then the misery i was feeling at having to watch these neurotic n'er-do-wells would be over. it didn't happen and some masochistic urge forced me to watch to the end. ..to be fair, there was one enjoyable area. the tenacity and will of the jim carrey character in refusing to let go of the memory of the kate winslet character, along with some nice special effects as this played out. also, the ending would have been very compelling--if only i could have cared! i didn't.   ..this should have been an excellent movie, but wasn't.  pity
african-american experience.not a good script kind of slow, a regular movie if you are into history in america, but if you dont live there, or got any interest in this particular plot, i wont recomended, is borin
not true to the book.my twelve year old who read and loved the e. nesbit book five children and it hated this movie.  i have also read the book, and the movie has very little in common with the original story.  there is no eccentric uncle and cousin horace or secret door in the greenhouse.  the children are not sent to the country because of the war.  even the wishes the children make are not true to the book.  my nine year old enjoyed the movie because she had not read the book.  .so, although it is pleasant, clean, family entertainment, i think e. nesbit would have been disappointed at the adaptation of her book.  it seems to me that the producers of this movie merely plagiarized e. nesbit's idea of five children and a sand fairy and then totally wrote their own story borrowing from c.s. lewis' chronicle of narnia series
quite possibly the second worst movie ever made..fact- there are a lot of bad movies. another fact- most of them came out last year, and many came out this year. in fact, 2005's shaping up to be 2004 all over again. 5 children and it proves this, and makes me cringe for the future of movie making if this is what passes as a family movie these days. not since a wrinkle in time, quite possibly the single worst movie ever made (even worse than elektra, overdrawn at the memory bank, van helsing, and the day after tomorrow), have i been so disgusted at movies making as a process. 5 children and it further proves that all you need to make a movie is a half-assed plot, some valuable lesson, and a quirky creature. even worse, it features freddie highmore, the most annoying child actor since haley joel osment. i swear to god, this kid signed a pact with the devil in order to become famous. he was annoying in finding neverland, a total darsh in charlie and the chocolate factory, and even worse here. why was this kid even hired? he looks like the human incarnate of stewart little, and apparently, all it takes to make him poor-looking, is giving him old clothes. giving anthony hopkins ratty clothes in hearts in atlantis didn't make him look like trash, and it's not working here. the kid still looks like a snobby, richie-rich brat. but that's just one of many problems with 5 children and it. i'll get to the point, and say that this movie is a must-have for abusive parents. in fact, i may just buy this movie to use as discipline for when i have kids in the future, and they do something stupid like kill someone, or sleep with louie anderson. also, i pity eddie izzard if this is what his movie career has come down to...i haven't read the book this is based on, and have no intention of doing so after seeing this atrocity. the movie starts out with 5 children (duh huh porridge) leaving their parents at a train station. it's taking place during either world war, and so their father goes off to fight, and the mom...i don't know, leaves to discover her inner goddess or something. the kids are sent off to distant relatives, one of which looks an awful lot like a certain character in a series of unfortunate events. the uncle is obsessed with math, the aunt is off in her own world, and their son is asexual. he sports a mullet while at the same time looking like benjamin franklin. while wandering around the house, the children discover a door in the attic that leads to a beach. this is almost a narnia rip-off. when they waltz around the beach, they dig up a big shell. inside the shell, is eddie izzard trapped inside a cg creature named it. poor guy. eddie brings this character to life with a disinterested tone of voice, and doing his best impersonation of pepe the prawn of muppets fame. it turns out that this guy can grant a wish each day. since the children's' relatives gave them tons of chores to tend to, they wish for these to get done. it grants the wish, and the children go back home. well, it granted their wish, but not in the way they expected. it made clones of the children to do the chores. and of course, they make more trouble than good. in fantasia fashion, they break dishes and screw things up. there's another catch- any wish it grants, fades away at sundown. so all the clones fade away by evening, and everything's back to normal. this happens a few more times with the wishes before the little benjamin franklin look alike gets suspicious, and catches on...there are a number of problems with the movie. first is in the casting of the 5 children. freddie highmore plays a total whiney idiot who constantly complains about how the wishes are greedy, only to make greedy wishes himself. at one point, he makes a wish to fly away and see his dad, in which it grants him magic cg angel wings that have the power to move at 8 frames a second from ms paint technology. but because the kid's an idiot, he spends too much time flying around, and the wish fades away before he can really do anything. the other children are just around to give freddie someone to talk to. the oldest boy is the typical older, stronger character who somehow knows more than everyone, despite having about the same knowledge of their situation, the two girls are nearly identical in unimportance-ness, and there's a baby boy who vanishes every few scenes. when the kids venture into the city, the baby's kinda left in the streets to do his own thing, and the next thing we know, he's being carried around. i'd then wonder where the hell he even was before that, since no one was carrying him. and how about those wishes that the kids make, or how many it takes before they want to see their parents? wishing for stupid gold to buy new dishes that their clones broke (of which they never do, and the relatives never notice) is bad enough, so why don't they wish for something half-decent? and poor eddie izzard. he really sounds like he doesn't want to be there. never once does he seem happy or anything close to interested in his role. maybe because he's a cg monster with back-in-1998-graphics for most of the movie, and then a puppet for the last segments. or maybe he's just plain drunk. it is funny how all the good cg went into it, and everything else got the short end of the stick though. and finally, the ending and its message? any parent, even a jenny jones guest one, could do better. if your kids are still watching the movie by this point, i can promise you that they will hate morals from that point on...the visual quality of the disc is pretty poor. lots of grain and artifacting, as well as some compression issues. the worst parts are when cg is used, like when the children walk down a staircase and several clones of little ms. freddie highmore are on the staircase as well, cleaning. all of them look blurry, almost like the production team was using a blue screen for the fist time. as for the audio, it's all center focused, and get this- has some static when a character screams loud. how could something like this even get put into a final product?..special features? apparently, the production team never heard of those either. all we get are subtitles in english, french and spanish. that's all. not even a trailer is included. not that i'm surprised. i doubt the director and cast would've done a commentary for such a horrible movie. but you'd think there'd be even a 5 minute making of featurette included. no such luck. the disc's a flipper- one side's widescreen, the other's in full...simply put, if your children have already been punished with a wrinkle in time, this is going to be the final nail in the coffin. i honest to god don't know why this was even made aside from reminding us that freddie highmore is in charlie and the chocolate factory. god, just look at the box- it even mentions that movie on the cover. that's probably the lone selling point of the movie. stay away from it like gary busey's teeth
i give it one star only because ralph fiennes is in it.this movie has been terribly hyped-up, for reasons unbeknownst to me, perhaps politically, i presume, in the usual hollywood fashion.  it has got to be one of the most slow-moving, boring, uninteresting movies i have had the pain of having to waste my time on ~ while attempting to sit through it.  however, the one and only good thing about it is that ralph fiennes is in it ~ but that is all.  don't waste your money and time on this dud, as i'm sorry i did
a well acted snooze fest with juvenile politics.this is billed as a thriller but there are hardly any thrills.  it would have benefitted from some judicious cutting to make it a little leaner.  the shaky camera work detracts from some decent scenery...the politics of the film contain no subtlety or shades of gray; i can almost see a couple of college sophomores hitting the bong and sitting down to hash out the script:..bong-hitting liberal student who has no clue about the real world #1:  ...and then she discovers the evil corporation has been testing....bhlswhncatrw #2: (interrupts)  "evil corporation"?  why are you being redundant?..the only plus for my wife and i was the acting, which was great.  fiennes was especially good, underplaying his character in the early parts of the film, resulting in a character with depth and nuance.  i only wish the rest of the film was worthy of the performances contained within it
the constant gardener.i'm starting to appreciate john lecarre novels more than i did when he was all over the bestseller list. this film version of one was acted well, but in 30 minutes there just wasn't anything to engage my interest. not its characters and not its plot. a good cause worth building a story around, but not this story. i quit watching, so i guess i could be wrong, but i doubt it.
i thought it was gonna be about a guy who gardens constantly....this movie starts off with a woman and a man kissing each other goodbye, then the woman goes on a plane.  then it flashbacks to when they first met; at his lecture.  his name is justin and her name is tessa.  tessa gets pregnant and after 9 months loses the baby.  i'm not sure what tessa's profession was, nor am i interested, but i think she liked going to other countries to help out certain people...very slow moving and boring.  it kept going back and forth from flashback to present, most of the time i wouldn't know what was going on
two stars and two thumbs down..i was really excited to get this dvd set. upon arrival i quickly popped it in my dvd player and watched attentively as i became very bored and very disenchanted. ..the dvds are organized in to various chapters which sound interesting, however, the selection of artists seemingly do not fit in to the themes of the chapters. i felt like the directors of the show were really stretching to make a connection within the topic of each chapter. to the lesser-informed this dvd might give you some background of the world of contemporary art but it will most likely confuse you as it does. ..to make a long story short, i was looking for a dvd that would key me in on the artist's m.o. but really this set only shows you a general overview of their art while focusing on the artist's neuroses and not explaining the relevance of their works in recent history. ..my suggestion is to forego this dvd set, pick up a concise book on modern art and draw your own conclusions as you will
not enough instruction..the first 13 minutes are of dance instruction, but the rest of it is behind the scenes with no further instruction.  and the suggested dance moves weren't really for beginners, but we did pick up a few things
this video is of poor quality..the audio is hard to hear and the filming is hard to follow. my children were not interested, unimpressed and frustrated with the video. a complete waste of money
a disgrace to any integral female.there are two main female characters in the plot: one is a man-eater who will sleep her way to the top (although she may not even need it because she is good independently) and the other is the jealous and depressed housewife who gave up her career for the sake of her husband's. this is a man's fantasy and nightmare come true in one; and a boring cliche for all the intelligent and responsible females of the world. to all the hollywood men out there: you can't brainwash us anymore with your b/s; okay??
just not gripping.admittedly the film is clever and the acting is good and it has it's moments of entertainment, but overall it's long and pretty boring.  it seems it would have been better suited as a play, which apparently it was originally.  i had just finished re-reading romeo and juliet when i rented this, thinking i was still in a shakespeare mood, but this didn't do it for me.  i suppose if i had just finished reading or watching hamlet, it would have been better.  my favorite parts are oldman's silent scientific discoveries, completely amusing.  couldn't wait for the movie to end, honestly
what horrific garbage!.while i was watching this movie i thought to myself, "am i going to die?  have i gone to horrible movie hell?"  you see i was trapped in a theater.  it's like being tortured by some horrible nightmare but you can't leave cause b actors are pretending they can act just because they're fat.  the in crowd gives you that feeling like when it's grossly bright outside and it's a sunday afternoon and you're in a car and you've been sitting for 6 hours and you feel sweaty and there'a a football game playing on the am radio and you want to escape.  in conclusion, this movie turns me into melting snow.  but i suppose there are worse movies-- (see my review on gummo)
alot of junk movies have been released lately.and this is one of them. the characters were to silly to be funny, musically shorts were dim, animation was cheap, usual for disney, script was bad. suitable for those 5 and under, maybe
this movie has nothing to it!.this movie is dumb. it would be alright if yo u got to know all the other characters. and i think i saw this movie before, it was called madagascar! don't get this movie! it short and pointless. if you want to watch something with your kids, don't pick this up. i recomend chiken little or the incredibles! sure chiken little might be short, but atleast it tells about its characters! i really don't recomend this one...at all!....p.s. don't buy it, watch it or... anything else that is similer. what a snoozer, twenty bucks is such a loss
walt disney would never have put his name on this.."the wild" is under the "walt disney pictures" banner, and even rated g, so i expected it to be a picture for the whole family, of which the studio is proud. i hoped it would put me in the disney mood prior to our family trip to walt disney world...disappointed am i. it's mediocre and has just about nothing in common with the walt disney legacy. to be sure, it is not unusually offensive (the way the usually superb ron howard offended me with his witless and crude destruction of "dr. seuss's how the grinch stole christmas"). it is just irritating and amateurish in its writing and direction. for those of you who know something about animation, has no one informed the director "spaz" (his self-chosen moniker) or any of the animators the concept of the "hold"? a "hold" in animation is when the movement stops for a moment to emphasize an expression or an attitude or a gesture. it is priceless when used well (and gives the animator a few frames worth of a break, besides). perhaps the all time masters of the hold in animation are chuck jones (think of wile e. coyote and the road runner), tex avery, and bob clampett during the golden age of warner brothers cartoons..."the wild" has a total of zero holds. everyone and everything is moving twenty-four times every second from movie's beginning to end. who can watch that? my eyes just couldn't take it. the attitudes and gestures were all there. they were just there ten times more often than any human mind could process...but that could be forgiven if the story was clever, conveyed a meaningful theme and was told with clarity, drama, and humor...instead of clarity, every sentence of dialogue was written to sound ironic or sarcastic or "funny" or "witty," never actually achieving real humor or wit. it's hard to know what any character really wants if they never express themselves clearly and simply. (i suppose once in a while they did, but that was the exception.) there is no attempt to make the squirrel's romantic crush remotely believable, and the father-son theme is trite as can be. finally, there is so much slapstick violence (characters get hurt a lot) that i almost question the g rating. it's a valid rating but the film is definitely too full of scares (like the far superior "the incredibles") for anyone under age 7. (this is not new in the disney tradition, as "snow white", "bambi", "sleeping beauty" and maybe "peter pan" are also too intense for the very young)...there is no less artistry required to make a kid's comedy animation than any adult movie. in fact, more awareness of one's all-ages audience is required to make it entertaining and meaningful rather than irritating, boring or traumatizing. the theme of "the wild", trite as it is, has potential value but it's ineffectively communicated...i think "spaz" and his crew believed they had a film so full of roll-on-the-floor belly-laughs it would excuse the flimsiness of the story. unfortunately they were mistaken. this was not a pixar movie if you didn't figure that out yet. the good news is, pixar is back in business with disney and we can look forward to their consistently superior material, which has already started with "cars"
very poor dvd of a wonderful movie.this is one of my all-time favorite movies, but i was very disappointed with the dvd version.  in the middle of the movie, you will have to get up, go to your dvd player, and flip the dvd over to the second side to see the rest of the movie.  i don't know what bozo came up with that idea, but it defeats the purpose of relaxing and enjoying a good movie.  who wants to get up and flip the dvd over in the middle of the suspense?  this format takes stupidity to the next level.  i would highly recommend the vhs since i have it and it's wonderful.  i would not recommend the dvd until they do a better version.  the packaging is in paper and not durable at all, another truly bad idea.  dvd's should be in plastic cases, not paper
sorry for the huge and famous cast.this movie comes from john grisham's novel of the same title. most of the actions taking place in the novel were also presented in this movie. the spotlight reviews goodly summarize the movie, even when i don't agree with their rankings...the first movie's problem is the character's personalities, less credible many times. one reviewer well said the fbi's personnel looks rather wimpy.  the merciless coal fletcher looks like a simple clerk while he is the real president in the novel. on the other hand, the novel's heroine (darby shaw) losses her strong personality but at the same time behaves in obnoxious ways. for example, in one scene, she asks her best female friend to spread a gossip in college but darby does not care whatsoever for her friend's safety as in the novel; darby even tells her that "it's not good for her (darby) to stay there". darby does all the opposite in the novel. next, her friend does all what she says, this not credible...the second movie's error is the way the show the events. for example, as i said fletcher is not portrayed as a tough way, there's even an scene where we see his seeing his family's picture at his desk, really charming; however he is still punished in the movie. any honest person who does not let to be impressed by the reputations of the actors and director should admit that the movie is not always understandable. i watched this movie right when released in 1992 and i didn't understand it but the huge julia roberts' success was on its highest so i didn't think much, just considered it was sort of boring. now, i read the novel, watched the movie again and understood the movie was flawed. in fact, all bad guys in the movie were only small fishes who chased darby. ..i also complain that the movie shows some misbehaviour as good ones. for example, in one scene the president asks the fbi chief (voyles) to stop a crime investigation. voyles offers to do it in exchange of favours. this is plain corruption yet the movie made it look like a cocktail party! in another scene one character (callahan) is about to start driving while drunk and darby only plays a little bit to stop him just to finally let him get on his car. ..the movie added a few action scenes the novel doesn't have, yet it is quite boring. the novel has less action, yet it is more exciting
anyone/anything would have been better.ok- so i can see there are some die-hard julia roberts fans out there.  too bad.  just raving about her will never improve her acting skills (an oxymoron). actually, the poor quality of this movie is astounding, considering its director, the cast (excepting our girl julia) and the book upon which it was based. though he's done some much better work, when pakula threw this film together he was clearly thinking of only one thing:  "hmm, 'presumed innocent' was a winner. let's follow that same formula and do another one. it'll sell." unfortunately, by the time the story from the book by john grisham got to the screen, it lacked any of its original punch.  as for denzel, he should be ashamed of himself. he's about as enthusiastic in this as a turtle heading for the beach. i guess he probably needed the cash for another house.  then again, he's opposite julia. no further comment needed  -other than, save your money
bad new line!.do not buy!!! great movie bad studio!! it has been announced that new line is replacing peter jackson as the director of the hobbit. the only way to stop this injustice is to hit them were it hurts the wallet. do not buy or see anything new line till the hobbit is returned to its rightful director!!!
oh frodo!.the lord of the rings ..i was a teenager back in the mid and late 70s, and jrr tolkien's popularity was inescapable. i started reading the hobbit, which is a little prequel to this. i don't think i finished it, and i know i never tackled the lord of the rings. i found tolkien hard to read. imaginative, sure, and no doubt thematic, but it was like margaret mitchell. unreadable. (don't start -- i'm from the south.) ..later, i saw an animated version of the trilogy on tv which lasted somewhere between 90 and 120 minutes. naturally it made no sense, because you can't compress all that into such a short time span. ..then, i gave up on tolkien and played another game of dungeons  dragons. i was addicted, folks. role playing games are an author's playground. i didn't play as much as i wanted, because i was too much in demand as a dungeon master. naturally. ..but now, in this millennium, let's watch some movies! i live in china, where the trilogy cost me 20 yuan. for those keeping score at home, about us$2.50. ..the fellowship of the ring ..it was a bit slow getting started, presenting all the back story, but i was surprised later on when i needed it and remembered it so well. okay, yep, tolkien's got game. given his popularity, one would sincerely hope so. ..you absolutely have to love the look of middle earth. how are they able to adjust everybody's heights? most of the special effects are impressive. ..most importantly, somehow i feel sure the filmmaker stayed true to tolkien's vision. in fact, i read somewhere that he did. ..i never found elves quite so annoying in my dungeons  dragons days as i do now. i bet they never sweat, do they? they talk in riddles and glow too much, but i guess that happens when you live too long. ..the various species are quite distinguishable, aren't they? so are different members of the same species. this is masterful. it's a skill far too few modern authors possess. either everybody in the book seems like the same person, or else each character seems to belong to a stereotype of some sort. tolkien avoids both pitfalls while simultaneously acknowledging that, yes, sometimes it's reassuring to a person/character to have a stereotype to fall back upon for a sense of identity when circumstances require. ..once our fellowship finally goes into battle, we get some great sequences. among many fine performances, those of frodo and gandalf stand out in my mind. oh, and "never toss a dwarf," which i know tolkien didn't write. anxiously awaiting part two. ..the two towers ..what's more boring than real world politics? fictional politics! i don't believe tolkien spent this much time on the war aspect. well, i hope he didn't. saruman makes a bunch of uber-orcs and sics 'em on humanity. fine. we don't need a cast of thousands to spend hours in mock battles. nor do we need the lamest excuse for a "love story" in cinematic history. ..but once we finally get past all that, i believe we get back to the tolkien vision. here's hoping we stay there for part three. ..(two hours, two paragraphs. what's wrong with this picture?) ..the return of the king ..a balanced attack. that's what the two towers lacks but the return of the king has. by this, i mean that long sustained fight sequences are boring. that's not your "action," unless your name's jackie chan. give us just enough fight to let us move from plot point to plot point, then switch over to the real conflict before we get bored and leave the theater. ..{no hate mail from jackie chan fans, please. i love shanghai noon.} ..the real drama comes in the interpersonal, and in frodo versus that @#$%^* ring. gollum is one freaky deaky, ain't he? liv tyler is still unwatchable, but fortunately her screen time was minimal. ..we get very close to the end of this film before hollywood excess creeps into the war scenes. those very cool elephants, for example, seem unstoppable. i was quite impressed with orlando bloom's quietly effective performances, but i'll never believe his computer simulated double took down one of those big bad muthas. those elephants are doomsday machines, and the heroes' strongholds were hiroshima and nagasaki. ..meanwhile back at the ranch, perhaps we had one too many dramatic rescues that stretched credibility. sam the hobbit versus how many orcs? um, lest we forget, he's only a freakin hobbit! ..i don't know if it was the screenwriters who wrote themselves into a corner or perhaps tolkien himself. but, well, somebody damn sure did. let's floor the gas over those speedbumps and see what's on the other side. ..unlike some critics, i appreciated that this film didn't end at the "climax." we needed some more time to just hang out in middle earth, well over 9 hours after we entered the place, without all that pseudo-violent cast-of-thousands fx crap. ..however, anyone who left on the elf ships is a geeberhead, and that includes the entire elven race. you can leave your shire without leaving your world, tolkien. i did. i've been in china since 1999. ..the verdict ..i appreciate tolkien's imagination, and i'm glad the film people made this. but i know it could be so much better with an editor. yeah, i'm talking about changing what tolkien wrote if required. ..(there goes another subscriber...) ..i read somewhere that so many people write in this genre because they don't think tolkien wrote enough. i disagree. i think they write in this genre because they know they can do it better. ..(and there goes another subscriber...) ..nothing about this movie changed my opinion. i was happy to watch it once, but i can't imagine anyone wading through it twice. i've swapped it for a copy of the godfather trilogy, which i'll review in a future issue of who moved my rice?
lord of the rings trilogy.i like the trilogy but i am waiting for a replacement set as the second dvd (the two towers) is defective.  any chance of getting the new set soon?  if not for that problem, i would rate the trilogy 5 stars
miscast  misdirected to the hilt....nearly 3 hours of posturing  bad accents (except for jack thompson - why it is only brits  aussies can do justice to a southern accent?). spacey doing his usual smirky cryptic shtick  cusack his typical jittery post-teen. the inclusion of lady chablis seems gratuitous, a kind of synthetic shock element for viewers who need pc frissons. which kind of sums up the whole movie for me
terminal confusion.clint eastwood's work (directed and produced "midnight in the garden of good and evil") has always made an impression on me. kevin spacey has always delivered fine acting performances and john cusack always entertains. ..kelso (john cusack) gets assigned to cover a party of williams (kevin spacey). the movie ambles along and eventually gets lost. williams turns out to be gay and kills his lover, the subsequent movie ends up as trial for murder and the surrounding details. a transvestite (lady chablis) adds a humerous note to the movie that tries very hard to be stoic. a juju woman, minerva also dogs the movie doing strange things and having midnight parties at a graveyard. i caught myself laughing several times and then stopped, wondering should i be laughing? ..john cusack was great in "better off dead" or "high fidelity". his characterization of kelso is weak and i keep seeing the same qualities under the surface. his performance in mitgogae is unfortunate and poorly placed...it adds another strange layer to a movie that can't decide whether to laugh or cry. ..this movie has too many threads loose and ends up being a nervous mess...although the plot and movie itself seem very simple on the surface. [...
the second worst dinosaur movie.first off, special effects mean nothing compared to actual quality. but at least this is better than the abomination that was jaws...the only dinosaur movie i can think of that's worse than this is raptor, which consists of parts of the three carnosaur movies cut  pasted together...it has some redeeming feature in that ian malcom and john somedoy (i forget his last name... the guy who owns the park) were actually interesting characters. i guess steve speilberg finally realised that monster/animal attack movies only work when you have characters people are going to give a monkey's rear end about. unfortunately, the boring, stereotypical alan grant was the central character in this...if you want to watch a steven spielburg movie that's actually good, watch e.t. or something. or "the lost world: jurassic park" (even though recommending a sequel may seem lame, the sequel is a million times better than this)..if you want to see a dinosaur movie, then watch either the sequel to this movie, or arthur conan doyle's "the lost world". i would also recomend the 'carnosaur' movies but i think they're out of print...if you want to see a movie where sam neill plays an interesting chracter, watch 'in the mouth of madness' or 'triangle'..but definitely avoid this movie. the only reason i even own it is because it was sold in a box set with "the lost world: jurassic park
blame michael flatley....... for giving every dance studio and popular dance genre the hope that they too can be the "next riverdance". the dancers are all talented, if self-consciously hip, and in great shape. but the numbers that focus more on t  a than fancy footowrk really did this show in for me. i love it when risks are taken with conventional dance forms, but ballroom dance is ott enough ( if you've ever watched a competition) and doesn't need to be tarted up beyond recognition, the way it is here. add the disjointed lighting and editing effects and what you have is a hot mess
beware if you like to listen in japanese.the cover of this dvd states that the available sound tracks are dolby digital 5.1 english and japanese, and english and japanese stereo.  alas the sound is only in dts for japanese.  i do not have dts, so trying to listen to it produces a loud pop, then no sound whatsoever.  very disappointing, to say the least.  now i'm forced to watch with english, which i never do with non-english material.  boo, hiss
john tucker lives???.okay the person that puts this movie in the same catogory as "bring it on", "clueless", "mean girls" and, especially the superior "heathers".. is painting a false picture of what this movie is.. i'm sorry but, "john tucker must die" is no where close to being as sharp or clever as these other mentioned films. these other films have a balance that allows more adults to enjoy them as well as the intended target of younger teenagers. "jtmd" appeals more to that teen crowd and has older viewers wondering if this has anything new to offer.. and wonder is all i did. this film tries taking alot of plot lines and ideas from other teen films and brings them all together.. the results are one big mess. 2.5 stars is all i can give.. the other films mentioned above are the ticket. "heathers" = 5 stars. "mean girls" = 4 stars. "bring it on" = 4 stars. "clueless" 4.5 stars. all four of these movies have something that "john tucker must die" doesnt have..
another teen movie, by adults, that hates kids..never mind's that it's pretty stupid - "john tucker must die," like a lot of movies about high-schoolers, actually hates high school and just about everybody in it, and by extension, american kids; it's the kind of movie that, if parents caught an hour of it, would make them think less of their children for watching it, and to a fearsome extent, pretending to live it out. early in the movie one character, a cheerleader, remarks about stealing her mother's estrogen pills: "well, guys use steroids to build their pecs." that estrogen will do the same for the cheerleader's breasts is laughable, but considering the hot debate of steroid use among kids - considering kids have died or flown into abusive rages while using them - that could be most casual, sickening line of the year. ..but it is what to expect from hollywood screenwriters in their 30s who write exploitative trash for money then have the artistic gall to call it mild, girlie comedy - not unlike those fabulous "laguna beach" hacks who use insidious, and i mean insidious, editing techniques to create faux docudrama among teens with facial expressions and confused responses clearly mismatched, again and again in the sloppiest manner, to the previous line of dialogue. "jtmd" asks us to believe that the title character (jesse metcalf) simultaneously dates three women (ashanti, sophia bush, arielle kebbel) without them knowing it, is able to afford repeated dinners at the nicest restaurant in town, owns a great car, stays in four-star hotels for high-school basketball road games, and my personal favorite, owns and drives a yacht. he and his brother have no parents to speak of...neither do the three girls, unless you count the cheerleader's mom reference. one of them (bush) is an avowed 17-year-old vegan vixen, however. and when they discover they've all been dating the same guy in gym class, they get in a brawl and are not suspended, but sent to a 23-minute detention without a teacher...is this a satire, as "jtmd" bills itself? an edgy comedy? a smarter, cleverer film knows that teachers hand out discipline, in this post-columbine world, for looking at each other funny, and that a brawl would constitute the lead story in the six o'clock news. a cleverer film has the girls chase not a superstar athlete, but, say head of the drama club. a cleverer film recognizes teen humor is mined not out of blase, ultra-hardened brat girls, but sweet, emotional, sunny girls. a cleverer film would know a dark comedy, if that's what "jtmd" intends to be, can't have cheesy lines and yachts sitting around to be driven...instead we have a fourth, "smart" girl (brittany snow) is introduced as the girls' grand, "taming of the shrew" plan to woo john and eventually stomp his heart. this angel, of course, begins to fall for john, who is not particularly charming or interesting or anything beyond possessive and very wealthy, which are, if we follow our mtv, two of the trinity (the last being sheer, drop-dead cuteness emanating from those soulful eyes said guys must have, preferably brown) that makes up male desirability. director betty thomas pretends that humor are four very different idiots insulting each other over the cliques they belong to. ashanti gets the shortest end of the stick, adhering fiercely to the idea that cheerleading, in an empowered, open society that has a foreign hindu woman as ceo of pepsi, represents the canopy of female of achievement. go figure - you break the glass ceiling with a cheer pyramid!..we've been pounding this earth for years now. why do teens and young women still trail along, lapping it up? there is no real wit in the movie that you can't see from some third-rate comic being fed lines on a vh1 program, no style, no genuine attitude. it's all buried behind this driving notion of painting a portrait of a catty, young, rotten, unidealistic america most interested in getting tail, getting even and throwing s-uh-weet hoopty-rah parties. it is not immoral so much as it blank, a double zero signififying an unceasing period of meaningless motions to mimic, most involving self-debasement of young bodies. what fools hollywood sees our children to be, wants them to be. what numb, donkey fools. if you need more proof, jenny mccarthy has been cast as the voice of reason - and she's borderline believable. ..ya know, so much ugliness is spewed about "islamofascists," these manaical, stoneaged fiends who apparently can't tell you the sky is blue, spending most of their time taping martyr videos, finding mecca and concocting devices to destroy our way of life. consider, though, that one of the more recognizable items in muslim countries is the satellite dish . a year from now, this thing's on a movie channel, and well, whatever evidence terroritsts thought they needed to chart the american decline into shame, they've got it. not because it's absent morals, but humanity - the better for the terrorists to treat us as the faceless collateral damage they believe us to be.
ridiculous.dull, dull, dull..if i could have submitted a review and given zero stars i would have..pointless
way way overrated and schlocky!  amateurish!.the whole premise and ultimate execution of this tacky and ridiculous fictional story line was an exercise in frustration and dissapointment for this viewer.  in short, the disjointed story line goes like this: troubled angst-ridden teen sees a person in a scary looking imaginary bunny suit (whose face resembled iron maiden's eddie!) who gives him advice/messages; he escapes death (a jet engine crashing through his roof) because he listened to this fugly bunny and left his house; he gets instructions to conduct vandalism against those places and people he dislikes from said stuffed bunny; he discovers some old hag named roberta sparrow he knew was an ex. teacher at his high school who wrote a terrible version of a 'hitchikers guide to time travel and worm holes'; same falling jet engine he escaped the first time around finally falls from the sky and kills him, but his girlfriend who died gets 'resurrected'.  are you still with me??!!!  i love sci-fi and fiction, but all this is beyond ridiculous!  that, my friends, is essentially what this super cheesy 'made for mallrat teens' film is about!  i mean, 'gigli' was a better film for chrissakes!  even the made-up time travel rules and tenets from the various chapters of this stupid time travel book that they flashed onscreen from time to time was laughable.  in the end, the only redeeming moments in the movie was when they used some great songs in the soundtrack from great alternative timeless rock bands like the church, duran duran, joy division, and tears for fears.  hardly enough to save the film though.  if you must, rent 'dd' if your curiosity is piqued, but to pay full retail for this movie is a certain waste of your (or your parents') money
spielbergs' worst?.well, it didn't appeal to me personally -the story, the characters, no, usually i am such a big fan of steven spielbergs' various masterpieces, and despite "always" i'm really impressed with his talent of making such different movies, and so well. jaws, close encounters, schindlers' list, minority report -you name it! the man is a genious, no argue there -but this movie simply hasn't got the touch nor the style
does the job, but it's far to boring to be called "power".this tape definitely provides a good workout, but it lacks any kind of excitement. there's no complexity to the moves, and i don't find kathy smith to be an inspiring or engaging leader. i would not recommend this tape for anyone who's been stepping for more than a year
chapellle didnt want to do these for a reason....they suck! bad writing and jokes that rely on gimmicks and previously established chapelle humor. it was like watching mind of mencia. two thumbs down, leave this one alone. ..tupac playing in the club was pretty funny though
worth renting, not owning.it just doesn't work that well.  these skits are so obviously the c- versions or "nevermind" sketches that they never would have made it on the air if they were surrounded by the a+ material of previous seasons.  these episodes admittedly house several giggle-able moments and even some great stuff (i, too, very much enjoy the tupac song), but the quality is under par, far under what one would expect even from an unfinished project like this one.  i recommend seeing them, just because they're funny enough to be worth the time to watch them, but also because it does provide some closure for those of us who have been attached to chappelle's show at the hip for a couple of years
chapelle show minus chapelle.i gave this dvd a chance being a big fan of not only the show but dave chapelle in general.  the skits on this disk were only moderately funny and without an intro by dave they were just dissapointing.  i could see buying this dvd to complete a collection, but for entertainment value it falls way short of the mark..the skit about mtv cribs was indeed funny but not worth buying the disk for.  i hope to see dave do some more standup.  he's is definately one of the funniest men of our time
viacom's poor atempt of cashing in....the title says it all. reguardless of why dave left, these "episodes" -- if you even want to call them that, should have stayed lost. but because of dave going mia and seeing as how viacom  wants to cash in on the popularity, they released not even subpar material. if i was rick james, i would be spinning in my grave..
this stunk.bad plot, bad acting, bad filming.  the surprise ending was a surprise because i had nearly terminated this boring, stupid film long before.  the actress playing the little girl was especially poor
dumb.are you kidding me - 4 stars????? this tells me that the rest of america - all youz guys - are getting real dumb.  you should be ashamed to rate this bomb a 4 star movie.  how annoying was the lead actress?  the jerky filming, avante garde, not.  dumb plot - not much better than it was all just a dream...don't rent it!  scrap it.  i hated it
7 out of 100. horrible..q, the winged serpent was one of the worst movies i have even seen. i went into the film knowing it was a "b movie", but still wanting to be entertained. i was not entertained. ..for a 1982 film, the gore in q, the winged serpent, probably shocked quite a few people. there is also a [...] scene that is quite enticing. but aside from these two points of note, the film offered little else, including entertainment...the acting was passable, but of course with such a dull story and script to flesh out, the ok acting goes to waste...save your money. this is one of the worst movies ever made. there are far better b movies. it is the type of movie i would have liked in college in 1987, if i had been drunk and looking for laughs. but this is 2006, and there are better bad movies with better gore and nudity. you won't like q, the winged serpent, at all. even for the drunk college student, there are far better ways to spend 90 minutes. stay away...total score (out of 100) = 7..2 (out of 50). enjoyment. a rating based on my overall enjoyment of the film..4 (out of 10). acting. how good was the acting?.1 (out of 10). immersion. did the movie suck me into the story?.0 (out of 10). intangibles. special effects. movie pace. is the movie forgettable, or something you will talk about and remember for weeks? years? .0 (out of 10). must see. is this movie worth seeing/renting?.0 (out of 10). must buy. is this movie a must buy/purchase
has not aged well..q (larry cohen, 1982)..i have very fond memories of seeing this as a teen, and rented it for the purpose of giving it another look though older eyes. unfortunately, to say q hasn't aged well is being quite kind...quetzalcoatl, the title character, is a very large bird/serpent who's flying around new york eating people who find themselves in high places. at least, he might be quetzalcoatl (an aztec god). or he might just be a big mutant. no one knows. more to the point, no one seems to be overly surprised that there is a large flying serpent picking off new yorkers. the cops assigned to the case, shepard (david carradine) and powell (richard roundtree), certainly take things in stride. the commissioner (malachy mccourt, frank's brother) is the only one who expresses any sort of normal reaction to the events-- disbelief...while the big bird and the cops are the meat of the story, its actual core is jimmy quinn (a young michael moriarty), a small-time crook who's run afoul of some tough characters through no real fault of his own. jimmy's odd relationship with the monster could have turned this into a wonderful psychological thriller, and there are glimmers of that sort of thing, but the script never follows through. q has more the feel of a quickie monster flick-- none of the storylines is explored much beyond the surface, the special effects are alarmingly (and hysterically) low-budget, and the characters, were they to stand still, could often substitute for props. ..but, hey, it's got a big flying lizard. that's something. *
neither horrible nor actually good, "q" is just sort of "there".this is much more interesting as a visual chronicle of 1982 new york (there are generous aerial views, lots of location shooting, etc.) than as a horror movie, even a cheesy one.  the special effects are used extremely sparingly, with the word "special" being a definite overstatement.  some amusing performances somewhat redeem the proceedings, but not by much.  in the end, "q, the winged serpent" is watchable and certainly not horribly bad, but it's hard to imagine this being anybody's favorite horror movie or even guilty pleasure.  to end on a positive note, the dvd features a clean, sharp print of the film.
for the cover, not the film.i watched both "seven brides for seven brothers" and its documentary "making of ..." and was impressed by the dancing and the dancers (particulary the incredible tommy rall).  looking for a film that showcased any of the dancers in that film i came across this and after having read the reviews of the dance sequences both on this website and on imdb, i decided to purchase the film...then i noticed the cover.  i thought "is this what i think it is?", and clicked on 'see larger image'.  yikes!  it is!..i have children at home and thought that this is not an illustration that is positive or educational, to say the least (after just having placed "hands are not for hitting" on my wish list!).  if warner bros decides to change the illustration on the cover, then i'll consider buying it.  until then, for those of you who are concerned with the images your children see, i suggest you view the 'see larger image' of the cover before you decide to buy
i wish i could go lower than this..this is horrendous movie. i will never claim it as the movie of my generation. it's one of the many reasons why i absolutely hate the "80's". the others are:breakdancing, the yuppie lifestyle,power hungry businessmen/women, women with manly handshakes, new wave music, and junk movies like this. i know that the main character is nothing less than a manipulator who is only concerned about himself, and what he can get out of life. he ridicules his friend because he's sick, and doesn't feel like driving ferris around...especially in a ferrari that mysteriously gets lost in the parking garage, so what am i left to believe i have to wonder if this is where ice cube got the inspiration for "it was a good day". i don't care what decade it was, or what was cool back then, or now manipulating your friends is "not" i repeat"not" cool. i know with john and johnette q. public this is something of a sexual relase. i could picture private parts of men and women everywhere getting soaking wet from this movie, and i find it so repulsive that everyone out there finds this funny.
well done movie....... but is is not the truth. since the wall fell, we have learned that old joe was right. hey, i bet in a few years clooney will make a film about how honest and truthful bill clinton was
what's all the fuss about?.the lead actor bore an uncanny resemblance to the real edward r. murrow, and there was a lot of realistic smoking for a movie set in the `50s, but otherwise i'd didn't understand all the adulation for what was to me a short, boring movie that seemed much longer.  maybe i've just seen too many biopics lately
keep your day job.doris, why did you star in this movie? it is obvious the script was no motivation. workers are sabotaging the plant because they want a seven-cent raise! were you in need of movie residuals that badly? ..watching this movie is both painful and embarassing. if anyone in their right mind walks in while you are viewing it, they are bound to ask: "what in the world are you watching?" i could only imagine what it must be like to have a fantastic career tarnished by staring in it. i just could not take it in one sitting. shock and disbelief prompted me to repeat my transgression by viewing in small doses. it took three attempts during a week of persistence and hot coffee to endure the relentless silly-lyric song-and-dance routines. every other word triggers synchronized bellowing with cartwheels and soft-shoe taps in this romantic-comedy musical. for its time, some of the choreography may be good but there is so much of it (23), the story, which is weak to begin with, is buried. on average, there is two minutes of acting between each song...fortunately, doris day was prolific enough that the pajama game does not mar her good reputation. the redeeming value of the movie is her flattering haircut. teacher's pet, the man who knew too much, send me no flowers (bad-hair day), and lover come back are all delightful. this is precisely the reason i was so shocked with the pajama game. if you want to see a good musical, watch singin' in the rain, west side story or close your eyes and pick another day film; you could not do worse. ..i expect most of my films to be four or more stars because i read and trust the reviews of others before purchasing. this was one case where i was totally fooled. even with bob fosse and carol haney, there is no way i can conceivably recommend this film with more than two stars. despite the anticipated negative votes from devoted day fans, i may hopefully save others from bitter disenchantment
not a sleeper.i now know why i had not heard much about this movie.  only buy it if you like broadway musicals because it is not your typical doris day movie.  i feel like i am watching parts of monty python and the holy grail when the prince says "i just want to sing"
land of oprahisms.having avoided seeing this film, i found that the mistake of sending my partner to the rental store on his on, brought "tuesday..."unbiden into our home.my aversion to oprah and her ilk, does not cloud my dislike of this film. a bad film is a bad film.devoid of any real plot and hampered by some very poor acting on the part of all concerned, and directionless directing, this film should not be seen by anyone who values the aforementioned,to me a reasonable premise should move a story forward. something should occur, my interest should be engaged. this film takes reams of pre-packaged aphorisms and greeting card verses, and attempts to build the plot from words alone. it is as if someone picked up the telephone book and said, "hey,this book is full of words, lets make a movie."in a way a movie about the different lives of those listed in the telephone book would be more interesting.to be honest, jack lemmon was not very good in this film. he played the same character he always did. just older. hank azaria was just awful. he talked as if his mouth was filled with stones, and was wooden and expressionless. maybe he was too embarrased to be there. as to the other actor's; well they filled up the space nicely.the look of the film was cheap and of the movie of the week quality. the sprayed on snow in a winter scene looked as fake as it was. they even covered the green leaves on the trees. some better acting, some good r rated dialogue, and maybe some nudity would have spiced up this film. as it stands,however, it will only be of interest to fans of oprah and dr.phil, etc. the purveyors of our national state of pity and feeling soory for ourselves.it is seldom that we find car keys under our chairs, but films such as this perpetuate the myth that a few nice phrases, a good cry, and a genial talk-show presenter will somehow make it all better.i,for one, think that a nice cuppa is more beneficial. then pull the finger out, and just get on with it.(to the grammar and form police: i did have this in paragraphs, but the editing process scrunched it all together. sorry
clear judgement help me please.i own "howl's moving castle" amd "spirited away" by miyazaki and bought "nausicaa" mainly because of the customer reviews.."one of the best films of any type ever made."."greatest animated film of all time."."best movie i've ever seen.".please help me!.this film story is about a young female heroine (who can't afford underpants) with a good heart and a desire to stop all killing in a future world dominated by giant worms. and a worm is a perfect mascot for the tedious, snail crawling pace of this film (everyone viewing almost fell asleep). the plot is slow to develop, character development lacking and animation primitive at best. of the three miyazaki films i own, this is the worst. does it matter who wrote the screenplay? when you put your name on it, it's yours. "howl's moving castle" and "spirited away" (which won an academy award) have qualities that are totally lacking in this film. these films had characters who's evolution touched my heart, a storyline which captivated me and animation that made me forget that this was animation. not so with "nausicaa"..the reviewer who claimed that this is "one of the best films of any type ever made". has obviously never seen "gone with the wind", "ten commandments", "ben hur" or even "the wizard of oz"..the reviewer who stated that this is "the greatest animated film of all time." has probably never seen "dumbo", pinocchio" or the new "over the hedge" or "open season" (the animation of the bear fur is beyond realistic)..so if you're an animation freak like i am (and not someone who's been paid by miyazaki to praise his inferior work), who lets the eyes and heart decide what's a good film and if you want good miyazaki film, pass on this one. if you want great animation, buy "dumbo" or "pinocchio". and if you want great films, buy any of the classics like the four movies mentioned before or "king kong", "godzilla" or any of the other top 100 films listed by the american film institute.."beauty is in the eye of the beholder", so don't let the myopic vision of reviewers blind you to a bad movie choice made by people who really don't get out much..ps used "nausicaa" for sale or trade
really flat.jodie foster is one of the greatest actress's ever period,but this clunky film is so boringpredictable that it just never gets off the groundput me to sleep. a film full of clichesdime a dozen story lines that never goes anywhere
well that was tedious.well folks, looks like we may have the most over praised movie of the current millennium right here. ("crash" comes close, but that film has a lot more detractors than this one, and many of those who liked it seemed to do so because they imagined, somehow, that it would "change the world".)  my beefs are not the same as most of those who don't like the film:  i don't much care that it may show an unrealistic picture of drug abuse, nor do i find it overly depressing.  fact is, it isn't depressing at all cause i didn't care.  it's just boring and annoying, sometimes at different moments, sometimes simultaneously.  this not a good combination...all right, here's a plot summary:  jared leto, marlon wayans, jennifer connelly and ellen burstyn all do drugs, and this really messes up their lives. i hate to give it all away like that, but there it is.  the fundamental flaw is this: i don't like any of these people, so their pain doesn't mean anything, and since that is all there is to this movie it absolutely fails to have any sort of effect.  maybe if aronofsky had put more time in to characterization it would've worked, but now there just isn't anything there.  as far as what's actually in the movie, we've got  jared leto as a stupid chunkhead who has inane conversations with his equally chunkheaded girlfriend jennifer connelly, who wants to be a fashion designer, or something.  beyond this we've got jared's mother, ellen burstyn, who is a weird old woman and marlon wayans as leto's friend who deals drugs with him at times and appears headed towards the big leagues.  i particularly love how there's no real attempt to make wayans into a person.  he's got one flashback about how he wanted to make his mom proud and that's it.  the doubly sad fact is that he's the most likable of the three.  he at least displays a little life.  connelly and leto apparently just wandered here from a bergman film and are so dull and slow that it's a wonder that the smack doesn't cause them to cease to exist entirely.  (well, connelly actually does coke, i think, but it fails to liven her up any.  also, i actually *like* the bergman films i've seen, so that's not really a fair comparison.)  they love each other, apparently, but since i don't even like either of them i'm not much interested.  finally, burstyn is mostly just creepy though her performance does take a turn for the hilarious as she goes off the deep end.  perhaps it wouldn't have been funny if i cared about her, but we've been over that...  ..and i want you people to know that i'm not utterly heartless when it comes to movies.  i can care about the characters, but none of these people did anything for me, so the movie's dead in the water.  for good counter examples watch "trainspotting", which has drug-addict characters with enough humor and life to be likable and interesting and "bubba ho-tep", a film which displays the plight of the lonely elderly 50 times better than this film despite being a silly horror-comedy with a mummy in a cowboy outfit in it.  on the other hand, neither of those movies is nearly as pretentious as "requiem for a dream", so watching them will do nothing to stroke your ego.  still, if that's all you want to kinda find plenty of films better than this one for that purpose.  .."requiem for a dream" isn't helped any by darren aronofsky's repetitive, derivative over-direction.  the trouble is, this movie hasn't got any plot to distract you from how redundant the visual style is.  there's nothing inherently wrong with any of his tactics, but they're hopelessly driven in to the ground, as we see fast-motion a thousand times, quick-cut montages a million times and plenty of wonky camera-attached-to-the-actor junk, and they are, again, impossible not to notice cause the plot sure ain't drawing me in.  i imagine that the overdone, repeating visual style is meant as a representation of the endless cycle found in drug use, but that doesn't make it any more pleasant or entertaining to watch.  the score suffers from the same problem as they use the same handful of themes over and over. ..truth be told, i thought this movie was pretty okay for about the first half, but then it really started to grate on me.  it became evident that no, aronofsky wasn't going to introduce any new visual tricks and no, these characters weren't going to get any more interesting.  i looked at the timer continuously for about the last 40 minutes of the film, and was so uninvolved that the supposedly horrifying conclusion where all the characters really get it bad was utterly ineffective.  it was kind of uplifting, really:  now that these tedious characters have finally hit rock bottom i can go do something else.  now that's a good ending...grade: d+ ..ps this is 500 reviews.  i doubt if i will write 500 more, but who knows
a celebration of hopelessness.i give this film one star for the acting, which is often very good. however, the plot and message of this film revel in hopelessness, and debase every aspect of lower income, urban people. in all honesty, i've seen more joy in an african famine. i sat through this film, against my better judgement. still, if you're truly interested in investigating the dark underbelly of urban american misery and frailty, then i recommend "a streetcar named desire", "kids", "last exit to brooklyn", and "traffic".
not what i expected.i stopped watching this after the first episode. the animation is nothing like the movie gits. also there is quite a bit of cgi used  in the series. the music was nothing like the original and the actors who did the english dub sounded corny to me. the only similarity between this and the movie is the premise and plot. all of the atmospherics are gone. there are numerous still shots where only the mouth moves. this is a very tame and uncreative version of   ghost in the shell. all in all if your a die hard fan, i guess you will like this no matter what. if you expect a lot as i did you will be diappointed
my 4 yr old thought it was scary.....from a parents view i definetly thought this sequel was violent compared.to the first one.  we saw this at the the theater, and almost had to leave..if your expecting this to be just like the first one, you'll be upset.  for a .family with young children, i would suggest renting this before you buy it
great acting but unbelievable story line.this movie has such wonderful reviews from both professional critics and amazon customers that i was expecting great things. while i agree the acting (especially the girls playing christy and ariel) is excellent the story is just too implausible and i got that impression from the minute we see the family crossing from canada to the us (yes they are irish but for some reason they have to sneak in to the us from canada). anyway why on earth would an apparently intelligent couple enter the us with their two kids illegally, without jobs or much money to settle in the most expensive city in the country?  i know the dad is an actor but couldn't he have settled the family in one of the less expensive boroughs and taken the subway in to manhattan? the mom is a teacher but can't find a job but no wonder if they are in the country illegally. yet there is money for private school, fixing up the dump of an apartment, an expensive camcorder, betting the rent money on an et doll etc.  i can't imagine any parents moving in to an apartment building known as the "drug house" with two young girls and then letting the girls wander about as they please.  mind you the parents are a couple supposedly almost crippled by the guilt they feel over a third child - a son - that has recently died.  i kept expecting someone to call social services.   and the medical situations with both frankie and the mom and new baby are not well thought out or researched. the symbolism between mateo, the new baby and frankie is very heavy handed. though the film is told through the oldest daughter's eyes  because of several scenes and elements the movie is not suited at all to children.  and there are also several scenes that are really not connected with the oldest daughter at all.   maybe if i had taken it more as a fable i would have "gotten" this movie more but i was expecting a straight forward drama and was disappointed.
if this is "great," no wonder the french are exterminating themselves.the total absence of normative values makes for tedium, and revulsion, not for greatness...nor even, for that matter, for titillation...when even father/daughter incest is treated as a matter of callous indifference, it becomes easy to see why the french are exterminating themselves, by refusing to reproduce themselves. at the fertility rate of 1.4 children per family, the french nation will be gone in another few generations. this movie will help the viewer see why...sociologically and philosphically interesting, in that it epitomizes the banality of evil, and demonstrates the futility of putting lipstick on a pig. secularism is devoid of soul, and offers nothing to live for, nothing to live by.
sliding scales.this is the first movie i have seen whose rating slipped further the longer it played. .."eight women" is the story of, well, eight women, who are trapped by a snowstorm -- all 5 inches of it. the man of the house has been murdered in the night. young and old, black and white, of different classes, the women must try to determine who the killer is. "eight women" is also a movie about secrets, of which everyone seems to have several. the plot has more twists and turns than an alpine road on the tour de france. yet the first 2/3 of the film is tolerable, funny and even a bit interesting. the characters are self-interested and fun. there's dotty old grandma, a prissy, hysterical virgin aunt, the dead man's vampish sister and coltish young maid, two daughters, a somber yet elegant wife (catherine deneuve) and a black cook. plenty of class and age tension to make three movies...did i mention the music? every twenty minutes or so, one of the characters breaks into song. these are always those stereotypical french songs -- full of longing and sadness and references to sleep and springtime -- that are tedious to american ears. and bizarre. while one character sings, the rest do slow little dances. strange...by the 2/3 mark, i was going to give this quirky film 4 stars. but soon, the plot line spun out of control, getting more and more manic until it finally derailed completely with a tragic ending. definitely not recommended unless you are desperate need of a bizarre experience.
trash.this movie is typical hollywood anti-war, anti-military, anti-american trash.  the "show biz" liberals, aided and abetted by their ideological cousins, the left-wing tv news moguls, have always sought to portray american soldiers in viet nam as baby-killing, drug-crazed monsters.  this movie is typical of that ilk. if you want a more balanced view of the men who fought in that terrible war, buy the dvd of "we were soldiers."--a much better, and far more honest, film
hard to follow.shortened version: don't buy this dvd unless you have an incredible memory. .long version: my daughter started playing the dvd and sat and waited, because the actual dancing part wasn't for a bit. when the actual dancing part happened, paige showed us about 7 dance moves then said do it. of course, my daughter couldn't keep up. then she showed us a whole new set of steps then said do it. after my daughter attempted to keep up on the second part, paige told us to put it all together and do both parts. and yet again, my daughter couldn't keep up. it was when my daughter was watching paige "demonstrate" the moves before doing them that i realized that my daughter isn't getting much excersize out of the dvd. i would not recommend this dvd to anyone, especially to little kids, who would definetly not keep up to paige's high memory rate
name of this movie should have been  named  gee" zeera.when i bought movie thought i would see more than one arab biased anti american news media......
poor.i was not impressed at all with this video. the women who do the various facial exercies do not even smile and scared my son the first few times watching it. ..it is poor quality, no originality and there is nothing i see that is going to help at all that i already do not do with my son.
no letterbox!.the idiots have struck again!  ruined a beautiful film by cutting it up to fit a tv screen..are they all insane?!!! if i hadn't opened it, i would return it to amazon now! a flim that was shot in a wide screen format should be shown on the small screen that way. the directors vision has been ruined again by money grubbing fools!  don't buy it
not for photographers..if you are expecting great insight into the lives of national geographic's photographers or even revelations about what makes great photography then look elsewhere. this video greatly disappointed me as it is nothing more than promotional drivel. so fawning and servile is the narration that each sentence sounds as if it is about to collapse under the weight of the compliments for the organization. it reminds me of these terrible "the making of..." tv programs the have now to promote movies. it should be given free with subscriptions and not charged for. it is short and shallow and holds about 15 minutes in total interest for any photographer. buy the magazine or one of their books instead.
a misstep to be missed.unfortunately, this freshman effort from writer/director maria maggenti and her two lead actresses reeks of amateurism. ..littered with painful dialogue and clunky performances, "two girls in love" is implausible and inauthentic to the point of embarrassment. ..for a more believable (as well as more intelligent and erotic) young lesbian love story, check out the understated and off-beat bbc production, "my summer of love" (2004). a similarly themed film that's downright hilarious - and with a killer score to boot -- "but i'm a cheerleader" (1999) is a gem. from the same year, "better than chocolate" has it all - humor, originality, plot, dialogue, performances, and sensuality. ..the only incredible thing about "two girls in love" is that it got released in the first place, as without its lesbian twist it's little more than a third-rate romeo and juliet tale
fails to top nielsen ratings.leslie nielsen stars in spy hard.  what kind of a title is that
oh no...it finally happened. leslie nielsen in a bad parody!.i am a big leslie nielsen fan. i first saw him in the naked gun series, which i thought was awesome, then i saw him again in wrongfully accused. i was so enthralled that i acquired airplane, which seems to be a highly praised movie with him in it...i had thought he could do no wrong, but he really disappointed me here. what is wrong with this movie? everything you will see in here are things you have already seen in other leslie nielsen comedy movies. there are times that what will happen becomes so obvious that it's painful rather than funny. for example, the x-ray glasses. my god, when that was mentioned, i just felt nauseous...the problem with this movie is that it continues the naked gun-variety humor, but it does it rather badly. most of the humor in this movie is sexual-based and that will eventually get boring. aside from that, this movie lacks a proper plot. all throughout the movie, it doesn't seem like dick steele (nielsen) did anything, but move from one area to another in preparation for a gag. nielsen's other movies had bad plots too, but at least they were coherent...i am sorry (mostly to myself for seeing this), but this was just a bad movie. perhaps the director should go watch the entire naked gun series to see how it is done
it's flat  it's not funny.i love dave's tv show, it's really hilarious, so i was expecting a lot when i bought this dvd as part of a two-pack with richard pryor. after 10 minutes of dave, i started thinking, "when am i going to laugh?" after 20 minutes, i got bored so i started listening to the audience for this live show. they were laughing (a little)  not all that often, so i concluded that it wasn't just my mood, this just wasn't funny. after 30 minutes, i turned it off. i can tell you that the first 30 minutes is a waste of your time, even if you're a dave fan, as i am. i can't tell you if the rest is funny or not, because i didn't watch it. maybe i was expecting too much. maybe i was expecting richard pryor, which i had watched first. my recommendation is either to buy only the pryor dvd (which is terrific), or watch the chappelle dvd first, so it won't suffer by comparison
unfortunately, it's not worth much..a very disappointing performance by chappelle.  everything that makes "killin' them softly" great is missing here.  dave doesn't seem to be enjoying himself doing standup in this show.  the jokes aren't sharp, and he lacks the energy he usually exudes.  there are some funny moments, but i don't know...this just falls so short of everything else he's done.  i love dave, but i think the pressure of being funny and his show really took a toll on him by this point.  we'll just need to look forward to chappelle's show season 3!!!
another one of those silly 80's movies..the jokes are pretty much what you would expect and there are a lot of slap-stick sight gags. i normally wouldn't have bought a movie like this but i needed it to make my johnny depp library complete
a few laughs here and there.private resort is the kind of movie that was geared towards young adult audiences in the mid-80s when sexual awareness and exposition were the hot ticket in theatres.  however, i'm sure this film is one that johnny depp, hector elizondo and rob morrow aren't proud to have on their resume..the movie's plot is slim, and neither morrow or depp have any screen presence in this early stage of their careers.  elizondo tries gamely and pulls off a few laughs, but he's not at his best either.  most of the film's laughs come from leslie hope as a slightly off kilter cosmic bimbo; dody goodman as a dotty old lady who knows karate and tony azito as a bumbling hotel security guard.  there's lots of slapstick, some of it works, most of it doesn't.  you can do better, folks
corny movie.i admit that i'm a die-hard johnny depp fan, but this wasn't anywhere near one of his best.  he is adorable in the movie, but the plot is extremely corny, and i found myself rolling my eyes more than laughing out loud.  guys will enjoy this movie for the hundreds of bikini-sporting girls, but not much else.  although there are a few remotely funny parts, it is mostly because of how dorky this movie is.  but then again, it was worth it to watch johnny
"the blood , mother! the blood!".i'm still trying to come to grips with the final volume of wolf's rain. it reminded me of an entry in the friday the 13th series. it just seemed filled with gore and as if the makers of the show were looking to see how many different ways they could kill the beloved cast of this awesome show. jaguara has been killed by darcia, but darcia himself is quickly dying from being poisoned by her. at one time, he seemed like a sympathetic character trying to revive his lost love, but in this volume he becomes a bloodthirsty murderer, akin to freddy krueger. and that's what this volume reminded me of, a hollywood bloodbath like texas chainsaw massacre. but at least that movie had jessica biel. yes, everybody from the show is beaten and battered from the events of volume 6, and they're all trying their best to make their way to paradise, as the world slowly dies around them. and that's where the writers really kill this show. ok, when the first character dies, it was touching, but as they start dropping like flies, it becomes exploitation of emotion. and then there's this whole "one person is chosen to remake the world out of the throes of its death" thing that has been done too many times in anime already (see envagelion, rahxephon, scrapped princess, etc.) i'm kinda sick of the whole thing and the fact that once again, you're left wondering at the end of it, "ok, what does the ending mean?"  i can watch 2001:a space odyssey for that kind of experience. what an awful way to finish a series that bordered on being a masterpiece. just like evangelion, the last episodes taint the entire run.
the name says it all.this movie is one of the 3 ~worst~ movies i've ever seen..these 98 minutes seemed more like 6 hours...and for chrissake - he's not an american
not one of specner's tracy's best performances..the movie itself was ok, especially freddie bartholomew' acting.  but spencer tracy gave a horrible performance.  i sure hope he didn't win any awards for this.  he doesn't even come close to a portugese accent, or any other kind of accent for that matter...spencer tracy's take on a portugeese accent is to talk in broken english.  like they used to portray the indian's in the old westerns. it comes off more as some sort of mentally deficient person speaking in broken english, such as 'manuel no like you.  wish you not here'...it's got to be the worst accent in the history of film making...and then there's the lack of realism.  half the time there is no one steering the ship.  in real life, someone would be at the helm 24 hours a day.  on this ship, no one steers at night.  when the ship is racing back to port at the end of the movie, in the distant shots it's pounding through heavy 10 foot sea's.  but when they close in on the actors, the deck isn't moving at all.  they just stand there as if the ship were floating on a pond...and at the end of the movie, when spencer tracy's character is cut in half below the waist.  he's not even in pain.  he survives in the water for at least 5 minutes with nothing but a torso and a head.  this is what really spoiled the movie.  the only saving grace is freddie batrholomew's portrayal of harvey
ive seen better ghosts movies then this.this film is just like the the sixth sense film.  both films have the same borring plot...the borring plot..in the two movies they have 2 boys who can see and speak to ghosts and in the 2 movies there are 2 teenagers girls who are ghosts who want help and showing the boy and man the people who had kill them.  after the boy and the man shows and tells other people who has killed the 2 teenagers, the two teenager girls ghosts are happy and they are at pease at last. ..the sixth sense and this film is deserve to be seen only one time and after that you dont want to see again...if you are like me and love ghosts who are bad and evil and kills people, you will love 13 ghosts.  that film is what i called a good ghost film
great acting but unbelievable story line.this movie has such wonderful reviews from both professional critics and amazon customers that i was expecting great things. while i agree the acting (especially the girls playing christy and ariel) is excellent the story is just too implausible and i got that impression from the minute we see the family crossing from canada to the us (yes they are irish but for some reason they have to sneak in to the us from canada). anyway why on earth would an apparently intelligent couple enter the us with their two kids illegally, without jobs or much money to settle in the most expensive city in the country?  i know the dad is an actor but couldn't he have settled the family in one of the less expensive boroughs and taken the subway in to manhattan? the mom is a teacher but can't find a job but no wonder if they are in the country illegally. yet there is money for private school, fixing up the dump of an apartment, an expensive camcorder, betting the rent money on an et doll etc.  i can't imagine any parents moving in to an apartment building known as the "drug house" with two young girls and then letting the girls wander about as they please.  mind you the parents are a couple supposedly almost crippled by the guilt they feel over a third child - a son - that has recently died.  i kept expecting someone to call social services.   and the medical situations with both frankie and the mom and new baby are not well thought out or researched. the symbolism between mateo, the new baby and frankie is very heavy handed. though the film is told through the oldest daughter's eyes  because of several scenes and elements the movie is not suited at all to children.  and there are also several scenes that are really not connected with the oldest daughter at all.   maybe if i had taken it more as a fable i would have "gotten" this movie more but i was expecting a straight forward drama and was disappointed.
very poor quality dvd.love the movie, but the quality of the dvd put out by alpha video was so bad it was very difficult to watch. the sound was scratchy and muffled and the picture looked as if the brightness was turned all the way up. if you don't want to be disappointed and feel like you've been ripped off, wait for the remastered cut before you buy this one
wonderful film but poor dvd quality.i bought the dvd with this artwork out of a dollar bin and i got what i paid for. the image is fuzzy and the audio is of poor quality. this must have been taken from a 16mm print. it may be that this film is in public domain, so it may be difficult to find a decent quality dvd. there are many issues of this film so you would do better to try one of the other dvd issues. note: amazon seems to spread these reviews across dvds of the same title, so you may see this review under multiple dvd releases of "meet john doe".  the poor quality dvd that i bought has a cover that looked like this: [...
meet john doe.i purchased this dvd a while ago - fyi - a documentary of the anaconda was in the case and not the movie.  i went to the web site to complain and my profile could not be found.  here, years later, when i'm finally placing another through amazon they found my account and noted that i purchased meet john doe.  i guess it's a little late to complain now
weak.this movie was a weak effort by capra, who directed it, and the star, gary cooper. it's a good story, just poorly directed (capra can't hit a home run every time). i found the acting very wooden and the movie seemed to just drag on and on. and no extra features on the dvd, at least none to speak of
spinal tap goes folk....'a mighty wind' seems to be 'this is spinal tap' done in a folk medium. unfortunately, the gags and cliches in this film seem to be lifted, as another reviewer stated, from most of christopher guest's previous efforts. to put it mildly, halfway through the film i was half-asleep and wishing a dwarf would crush stonehenge
emma peel where are you when we need you?.after viewing the avengers with emma peel, which i do every evening after the dreadful news, enjoying repeats and repeats as well, with reluctance i played the hospital dvd...i thought it was terrible. the diagogue idiotic...i could not help but laugh when scott attacked diana.  emma peel would have thrown him across the room...i had to play a few episodes of emma peel in the avengers series to cleanse me of this disappointing and terrible hospital dvd...the lovely diana rigg is a great actress and an extremely intelligent woman, and i was saddened that diana after all those wonderful and exciting avengers collection, with her unrivaled beauty and possessing the most beautiful voice and able to do her  own stunts took on this dismal role in the hospital dvd...i see that this dvd was dated 1971, this was only 4 years after her last avenger episodes dated 1967.  in hospital, i believe she was 33 years old...oh well, i will cleanse myself of this hospital dvd and devote an eveningr to a few episodes of the avengers with the lovely diana rigg as emma peel...finall, john steed would have been shocked to see how emma reacted to george scott the doctor. can you imagdine if john steed appeared in the hospital dvd to collect diana rigg and ride off into the sunset as they do after an avenger episode...perhaps they will issue hospital 11, and bringr in john steed and a few other great actors of that series...robert lyons.reno, nevad
terrible!.i have never not been able to sit through a rated g movie.  however, my sister and i rented this thinking it would be a funny show, and it was so terribly boring that i was forced to leave the room.  i couldn't believe it because i love movies.  i can see how this movie would be funny for a 6 year old boy to watch, but don't count on the parents or older siblings being able to sit through it
sour note.no wonder they didn't produce any other live action productions of dr. seuss books until after his death.  this film gave me a headache.  the direction and pacing of the film is flat, the musical numbers were unmemorable and boring(inexplicably nominated for an oscar!), the acting was wooden, the sets were garish and ugly.  at least this film is not the cynical merchandising vehicle that the two most recent screen adaptations of dr. seuss works were.  i think dr. seuss works best in small doses like the short animated tv shows that were made some thirty-odd years ago.  do check out the "gerald mcboing-boing" cartoon thats included on the disc.  it contains more wit and imagination in a few minutes than "dr. t" does in ninety minutes
amazon.com likes to take my money.this is another story that i don't know if i like it or not because amazon.com never sent it too me.  this has happened about 4/5 times.  while usually i have no problem getting movies, sometimes i do.  sending them e-mails doesn't seem to work.  if they didn't have the best prices for movies, i'd leave
so disappointed, so very disappointed.i laughed like a loon when i watched these shows as a kid.  my sides hurt and tears came to my eyes. for years, i told people that that this was the best, most creative, funniest show ever aired. i tried for the longest time to find copies of even one show but i never did. suddenly, i found this collection on amazon and i was in heaven. when it arrived, i ripped it open and started to watch.  i fell asleep before i got through the first episode. i was crushed.  nary a laugh or even a snicker on the dvd. truly disappoined after decades of waiting. sigh!
the wire 3rd season.the quality of the dvd's was good. however i did not like the third season as well as the first two seasons. it seemed that the story was setting up for season 4.
annie get your gun without a leading lady.can someone seriously explain how and why betty hutton became a star?  her one talent seems to be her volume...she is entirely without subtlety, sincerity, honesty in her acting and is a mediocre singer.  she merely shouts...the production numbers are well done and howard keel does well, especially since he is playing opposite a fire engine siren.
my 4 yr old thought it was scary.....from a parents view i definetly thought this sequel was violent compared.to the first one.  we saw this at the the theater, and almost had to leave..if your expecting this to be just like the first one, you'll be upset.  for a .family with young children, i would suggest renting this before you buy it
not for weight loss.this dvd is fine for beginners who would like some stretching, but there is no weight loss aspect to it. i felt deceived by a cheap marketing ploy that appealed to my desire to lose weight
too slow.very beginner. slow as can be. if you are just starting yoga let this be your instructional dvd. .not for the experienced.
this is terrible.what happened to real yoga?.why this woman starts yoga sitting on her legs is beyond me..i did yoga in my younger years and did it at the integral yoga institute and went away from the practice for 20 years. if this woman's dvd is the new market of yoga, it is a shame. this is her version, it stinks and is almost impossible fora 50 year old out of shape body to do, much less lose weight by. especially by starting sitting on your legs. how absurd, what a waste of money
sleeping pill!  not a workout!.this is the most boring, unmotivating, uninteresting workout i have ever owned, yoga or other.  i am exceptionally disappointed, as it was voted best workout dvd of 2005 by self magazine. i have only been practicing for a few weeks, having fallen in love with fit tv's namaste workouts, i expected the same great music, flowing rhythm, and steady pace.  instead, this is an incredibly slow-moving, dull workout that doesn't even challenge me, a true beginner.  i adore yoga, and wanted a longer, challenging workout--this is not it.  i'm back to my free fittv namaste workouts, until i can find somethng better
good visuals, very confusing story.i was really impressed by how the movie looked visually; but then i started to try and figure out what was going on in the story.......and was extremely confused.  the reason i gave this anime 2 stars was because the story was so hard to follow i turned it off a little less then half way through
not a comedy.this movie is being described and sold as a comedy.  it is not one.  it has several funny lines, but the movie is more of a romantic drama.  if you are looking for a comedy i do not recommend this at all
very stagnant.i like francois ozon's swimming pool a lot. i think he has caught a very exceptional line in that movie. but under the sand is a very typical french movie which makes most people don't want to watch one as soon as they hear it is a french movie. i finally persuaded my husband that francois ozon is different and this movie will be good, it turned out to be a nightmare, pointlessly soul strangeling movie. i would not recommend unless you are a big fun of ozon or this type of movies
why oh why?.let me start by saying the first movie of the series was absolutely fantastic. regardless of the fact that it didn't stick with a few key plotlines in the book, everyone still did a great job adapting the original jurassic park. then came this piece of trash.....whereas the first movie at least attempted to loosely base itself on the book, this one just takes the brilliant writing of michael chrichton and throws it directly out the window. ..first off, john hammond is supposed to be dead. he dies at the end of the first novel. secondly ian malcome is supposedly dead, or at least mia at the end of the first book, and we join him in a costarican hospital in the opening of the 2nd. there is no bratty daughter, and the entire premise has much more to it...most importantly... the entire ending in san diego with the t-rex... which was possibly the worst conceived plot line in the history of movies... did not exist in the book! ..i went into this movie expecting a tightly woven plot, a huge concentration on the conspiracy of having such an island exist, and the anticipation of some good dino-scenes to top it off..what i ended up getting was the writing equivalent of a monkey at a typewriter drooling on a page. not only that... but because of the lack of plot, the dino scenes are complete over-kill. when you see so much of it, you lose that awe and wonder of the first film. when you see that brachiosaur in the first 20 mins of the original film, the wonderment is difficult to rival. there are no such moments in this film...if you're looking for a quick fix for decent looking dino fx, go nuts. however, if you're looking for something more substantial with an actual plotline, flick off the dvd player and pick up the book...oh and one more thing... don't go near the 3rd movie. they didn't even have a book to be untrue to. i can't imagine how much more long-winded and rambling my review would be for that one
er the pilot.i love er but don't waste your money on this pilot issue if you've got season 1.  this is just the same as the first two hours of season 1.  yes i did waste money on it because i read here that the pilot was different from the first show
a poor man's "dick".i'm sorry, but this movie is clearly nothing more than and overdramaticized and historically inaccurate retelling of the story much more riotiously and enjoyably portrayed in the film "dick." "dick" is funny, this is not. i'm sorry, but dustin hoffman simply does not have the acting chops to stand up to someone like kirsten dunst (or that level of indefatigable cuteness)...just go rent "dick" instead. you'll thank me, yourself, and those fine ladies who saved our country
bad is bad..i first saw this film as a kid. at the time, i really enjoyed the movie. it's very colorful and i liked the tunes and it had stubby kaye. what kid wouldn't like stubby kaye?..but i just purchased it out of curiosity and was pretty much floored by how bad this movie is. the print transfer was great, and the quaility and color are everything one could hope to see. and if you like looking at very beautiful women in costumes that accentuate their best physical qualities, then i have to say it fits that bill. it's worth the price just to see julie newmar as stupefyin' jones...however, the movie just isn't worth the time. the musical numbers are not very good. the direction isn't what one would hope. the casting wasn't very good, either, with most performers seeming to stroll through their roles, or in some cases just examples of some really bad acting. yes, it was caricature and an adaptation of a musical of a comic strip filled with fantastic folk. but in some cases the portrayals were so over-the-top as to induce groans...one thing i was surprised to note was the brief appearance of jerry lewis. i'd forgotten that he had the cameo...if you have some fond childhood memories of this movie, then it's worth a look. or if you just want to see the faithful adaptation of the female comic strip characters to flesh and blood actresses, then you'll probably like it...if you you're looking for decent music and effective dance numbers and an enjoyable storyline, then you won't care for l'il abner
disgusting!.the viuals were good, the actors were bad and the story line just blows
a sad state of affairs.before you vote this review down, i ask that you fully read it, so you can understand why sin city does not function as a good film.  sin city unfortunately is an absolute mess.  i sat down to watch this provocative disaster about a year ago, and it has stuck with me ever since.  it has lingered for so long because it is representative of everything that could possibly go wrong with a production such as this.  i am fan of robert rodriguez's directing. i also absolutely love everything that quentin tarantino has cranked out since his inception as a director.  i grew up with interest in the occasional frank miller graphic novel.  this is why it is so sad that sin city fails on so many levels.  within the first 23 minutes of watching this film, i was praying that it would be over soon.  i only stuck it out so i could one day write this review.  let's break it down to its most basic levels.  the film has great directors, great actors, a great story, and a great production design.  with all of this going for it, one expects "sin city" to be a landmark movie experience, and it is -- though, for me, the experience is a negative one, and the attainment it achieves is in the depths of pointless, mean-spirited exploitation...the film tells three stories (with a fourth vignette as a framing device): bruce willis battling a child-molesting monster; mickey rourke as an ugly hulk out to avenge a girlfriend's murder; and clive owen as a private eye helping a band of imperiled hookers...the three segments transpire more or less in sequence (with some confusing overlapping) and all take place in sin city: a super-corrupt, super-violent, super-shadowy, and in every other way super-exaggerated caricature of a '40s hollywood film-noir world.  it's a caricature of a caricature...no one would ever confuse this world with reality. the heroes shake off multiple gunshot wounds, devastating blows to the head and other lethal overtures like slaps on the cheek; the hookers all look like victoria's secret models; the scenes are ugly day dreams.  and, to be fair, the stylish blend of cgi- exoticism and continual chaos generates a certain visual fascination. sin city, however, can't sustain it, and after the first segment it's hard to imagine how anyone could find its trashy excess anything but tedious, obnoxious, and repetitive...everything that happens in the movie is an calculated cliche. the stories have a minimal narrative drive or interest, the banter is banal pseudo-raymond-chandler babble and the performances are as shallow as most "snl" skits these days...rodriguez is rather vain because of his pride in the way his movie so faithfully bows to the "genius" of miller and re-creates his comic-book world with the same kind of religious devotion gus van sant paid to hitchcock with his frame-for-frame "psycho" remake.  is comic-book art some special invention that deserves such recognition? aren't movies already enough like dumb comic books without actually trying to be one?..though it's not immediately obvious, "sin city" is a comedy, and its aspiration is to pull off the tarantino trick of making its audience wearily laugh at the outrageousness of its sadism at the same time it subtly gets off on it sexually.  and it's out to one-up tarantino by basking in the pornography of brutality on a large scale, a giddy spectacular in which we sit back like romans at the coliseum watching people being decapitated, disemboweled, dismembered, castrated and humiliated.  check out fellini's satyricon if that is what you are really after...the publicity has made a big deal about what a "risky" commercial venture this is, and how heroic it was for rodriguez to insist on putting miller's name in the title and above his own in the directing credits. but this all stinks of the worst hollywood insincerity...for one thing, can anyone doubt that such a violent, low-budget movie with such a lineup of stars will make a ton of money? given the distance "sin city" pushes the envelope to on sick movie violence, and given the recent columbine-like massacres, such a backlash from the christian right and other voices for movie censorship seems likely (and rodriguez may even be hoping for it)...i don't support these voices for a minute: i don't believe in censorship and i don't think movies motivate mass murder. but i do think that a film like this, especially one made by a major director under the flag of artistic integrity, adds something ugly to the air for which critics must hold it accountable...sitting through the thing, watching scene after scene in which i was being asked to be entertained by the spectacle of helpless people being tortured, i kept thinking of all the other horrible acts that are being committed today and how we, as an american society are taught to think that it is all so gruesome and atrocious.  i suppose some people don't find it that bad. "sin city" is their movie.
overwritten debut effort for the talented zach braff.zach braff of "scrubs" fame wrote, directed and starred in "garden state."  the flick has a lot of good ideas, but at its heart there is a sodden, dull story that cannot be enlivened by copious amounts of wit...braff plays "large," a once-successful actor now reduced to waiting tables in a vietnamese restaurant.  he returns home to jersey when his mother dies, stirring lots of ugly family history.  once home, large's emotional zombie-status becomes evident, but is almost matched by the toneless muddle of high school friends he runs into.  the only spark is sam (natalie portman), who for some reason falls for this sack of dull platitudes.  ..the script is too clever by half, invoking hamsters, silent velcro, an abyss, infomercials on real estate, and other inanities in an attempt at edginess.  the movie feels like it was written by a hyper-depressed writer cut loose from the sad last year of "northern exposure."  couple this with a too-on-the-nose soundtrack and a wasted crop of actors (why, ian holm, why?), and you've got "garden state."  ..here's hoping mr. braff can get past the quips and into some serious storytelling.
fake and derivative.this review will be simple: garden state is fake, manipulative and annoying...it tries way too hard, and every "idiosyncratic" element seems forced and insincere...i hate to offened any reader out there, but the entire time i was watching this flick i had one re-occuring thought:.."this is a movie for tools."..you know those big-budget, well-shot tv commercials for cars or cellphones? it's about two hours of that: vapid and pretty, micro-managed and insincere. ..the compulsive, overstated attention to detail is obnoxious and trite. the director and cinematographer are more concerned with framing shots "well" than making a decent movie...skip this one!..cliched, derivative, phoney, forced...if you're in the mood for something in this 'genre' just rewatch your wes anderson collection or maybe 'i heart huckabees' or even 'eternal sunshine...". don't waste your time on this drivel
a merciful two star rating; look for future arena football def. coor. stan davis as 1 child actor  funny bit about cheap trick.surprisingly sleaze and chauvinism.by female director heckerling! she.duplicated it in chevy chase vehicle.national lampoon's european vacation.too! many child actors got their start.here, but the thing that cracked me up, .as i saw it when it came out (unfortu-.nately) was the dialog of my fav band,.cheap trick: ticket scalper "...the.magntism of robin zander and the .charisma of rick nielsen...and what.about the tunes, 'i want you to want.me, the dream police...nan-nan-nah,.'you're momma's alright, your daddy's.alright, they just seem a little weird,.surrender, surrender...", before he's .interrupted. if that isn't somebody's.idea of 'surrender', they've stumbled .onto this review by mistake
yawn!.the obvious attitude of the producers of this mess was clearly one of superiority.  i mean, quot;after all, we're shooting in imax 3d instead of the nefarious over/under format!quot;  well, whoopdeedoo!  i'll take the bubble, metalstorm, or amityville 3d any day over this.  there is some nice computer graphics work here, but there's really no story to speak of.  and their so-called quot;history of 3d presentationquot; is superficial at best.  while surely impressive in imax, encounter looks stupid on your tv screen 'cause everything is covered in a long shot or a medium long shot.  yes, that may work on the giant behemoth imax screen, but reduce it in size to your tv (even my big 36-inch jvc) and it's pretty unimpressive.  not only that, but if you're watching it in alternating-field 3d with liquid crystal glasses, then you're watching it in half the normal resolution you normally see on your ntsc screen -- so there's next to no picture detail.  if you want a good 3d dvd movie, search the web for one of the alternating field dvd's of something like it came from outer space, house of wax, or dial m for murder (sadly only available in 3d via pirated editions because the us distributors don't care enough to bother -- so were only left with legit dvd's of crap like encounters and amatuer videos of murderous clowns on the rampage).  i would have given this two stars because it features (very briefly) cassandra quot;elviraquot; peterson -- but they covered her only in long shot too!  they were really stooopid, so they get one star.  boo
macgyver on stupid pills.as mentioned in another review, stolen scenes from runaway train. not just clips, but entire scenes. also the plane crash scene from cliffhanger. still worth $3 - $4 for a dvd just for the other action
worst movie i ever saw.i have seen some bad ones in my day but this is the worst. i couldn't believe i wasted 2 hours of my life on it..they literally stole scenes from runaway train in this. not the ideas, they stole the filmed scenes. the train kept going from one engine to the four in rt. the continuity was a joke. had a semi truck go from tandem axle to single back to tandem..seems like some of the actors must have had a house payment coming up
don't be quot;conquot; vinced into watching this.to be honest with you i thought the movie was really bad. the acting was ok but the only good part about the movie was that ricky (rodney eastman) was in the movie. (for about 5 mins) but i would not suggest renting this movie and waisting 4 dollars
insert pun with word "con" here...."con express" has lots of action in it, which is great because this hides the poor writing and uninteresting characters. unfortunately, the action isn't enough, and in between stunt pieces and shoot-outs, the audience is tempted to doze off. city heat productions isn't really known for producing films of the highest quality, so usually i go easy on them. if this were a big-budget company producing this, i'd be inclined to pan it entirely. but i wasn't expecting much and got a little more than i bargained for. the action is, for the most part, pretty good but nothing competitive with your usual dumb action movie. flanery and vosloo are perfectly casted, but everyone else seems to stiff to add any more flow to the movie. vosloo especially appears to be enjoying himself as an over-the-top bad guy hijacking a train containing deadly chemicals. the film moves fast and contains shades of better movies like under siege 2, con air, spy game, and speed. if you liked those, you probably won't mind this one too much. just go easy on it
awful!.i rented this movie from netflix recently, expecting a wonderfully campy, cheesy horror film. wrong. its just an hour and a half of boring film...the plot is lacking, the characters are annoying, especially duane...its simply a ridiculous film
very disappointing.i saw this movie more than once during its theatrical release in the 1960s, and enjoyed it very much. however, for some reason, when i bought the new dvd and saw it again, i found it to be so tedious and embarassingly corny that i turned it off after the first half-hour and donated the disk to my library. the acting is all annoyingly over-the-top, and james fox, in particular, is so hyperactive i wanted to shoot him with a tranquilizer dart. maybe it was the difference between viewing as a kid and as an adult, but this film has really lost its luster
nothing like the broadway show!!!.with the exception of a few songs and key lines i found this movie to be extemely disappointing in comparrison to the broadway show.  in my opinion, julie andrews lacked the spunk that millie's character required and carol channing was just horrible as muzzy!  i do think mary tyler moore was a very good "miss dorothy" and i was impressed by the dancing, much more so than the singing.  if you are wanting to purchase this as a reminder of the broadway musical, i would recommend purchasing the cd of the songs from the show instead
just ok.i'v seen a multitude of documentaries, both low and high budget, and although i found the story interesting i felt this film was not up the hype it was given.  worth seeing, but not worth owning
honest personal opinion on the cole porter gift set.i was very disappointed and feel that the only dvd worthwhile in this set is "high society"--that deserves 5 stars! the other dvds lack the quality and better-known cole porter song content. i would recommend buying high society by itself, which, ironically, was my initial intention
rent, don't buy.i rented this thinking it was an audrey tautou flick, but it isn't.  she's front-and-center on the cover line-up, but she's only in a few scenes...that isn't the real reason why i think that this movie is so-so.  there really isn't much in this movie that i haven't seen done elsewhere.  i kept thinking that i've seen other movies do this or that better.  then again, i've seen a lot of foreign and independant films, so i've gotten a bit picky at times. nothing was really clever or memmorable about this one...it's a mediocre flick, i don't know why it got rave reviews.  i remember seeing the dvd in a sale bin at a discount store for $5 but i thought it would be a waste, because seeing it once was enough and i don't feel like i'll ever need to see it again
so 'politically correct' it sucks!."i can't believe they named me after that book--it's so sexist!" after amelie, where she was a delight, as well as open-minded, at should have passed on this loser! ..political correctness is just intolerance by another name! but you can't tell a liberal that! it's bad here in usa but i suppose the french must be the worst? they have fined bardot for merely expressing her opinions that muslims are barbaric! talk about intolerant.
davy crockett tv   vs. davy crockett movies.i was very gung ho when i found out that disney was finally releasing the davy crockett tv show on dvd.  i grew up watching the two davy crockett movies.  however upon actually seeing these dvds i was very disappointed.  it is exactly the same as those two movies it is just split into five seperate episodes.  the episodes: davy crockett, indian fighter; davy crockett goes to congress; and davy crockett at the alamo are all the parts included in the movie davy crockett king of the wild frontier.  the episodes davy crockett's keelboat race; davy crockett and the river pirates; were what made up the movie davy crockett and the river pirates.  i for one am planning on buying the newer version that came out in 2004 that is just the two movies on one disc.  the only difference between this set and the new set is that there are couple of features on this set and that there are introductions to the episodes buy leonard maltin and it has two discs in a tin collector's box.  the biggest difference of all is that this set runs from between $37-$100 whereas you can buy the two movies on dvd for $14-$16.  i myself will go for the cheaper movie set rather than have to watch each episode sperately.
painfully bad.a thin soup of potty humor, fart jokes, and juvenile cheap laughs. you know something is terribly wrong when you are halfway through a comedy and you haven't even cracked a smile...good gawd, dustin hoffman sitting on the toilet? .robert deniro breastfeading a baby?.foreskin dropped into a fondue pot?..wow, a movie that hurt to watch...it wasn't even worth renting for free from the public library.
dreadful and  insulting.like other reviewers, i found meetthe parents mildly amusing and this sequel was in the 3 for $25 bin at hollywood so i figured "why not?".well here's why not. it presents the main character's parents as crude, clueless buffoons, and having no social judgement whatsoever, but it seems the writers want the audience to think of them as cool and hip. and for some odd reason they live in a house that resembles the castle on fantasy island. i'm surprised they didn't include a sex with a midget scene. nobody would want their daughter to marry into this family let alone a right wing former cia agent, who was set up as an object of ridicule. oh, and they had to be jewish too. streisand and hoffman should be ashamed of themselves portraying their own people in such an unflattering way. {"our people don't shoot ducks, dear").do former cia agents make enough money to live in mansions and buy a custom built rv that would cost at least $250 k? the toilet humor and profanity wouldn't have made it into "dumb and dumber".nothing reedeming or funny here. fuhgeddaboutit
disapointing action movie.i really like wesley snipes and i really like action movies. this movie disappointed on both accounts. i had to wonder what snipes was thinking in doing this film. i still think he is a great actor and could draw people into theaters, so why do a straight-to-video movie. truthfully i didn't even read the cover before renting it because it was wesley snipes but even if i did i would have still rented it...the movie starts out ok with a really ingenious armored car heist, which of course goes bad and turns into a pretty neat car chase. after that, the movie seems to fizzle out...there is not much dialogue and i think the writers put more effort into the heist than the rest of the film. the acting is pretty bad all around, although i think snipes did what he could with what he as given...the directing is frazzled and just plain weird. i didn't like it much at all. i think the director was trying to add action to the film by his style of directing but to me it just made things worse...given the right attention, this movie could have been great but i get the feeling everyone just wanted to get it released as soon as they could. it has potential, but in my opinion, everyone involved in it just fell flat...i had trouble getting through the whole thing. if you are a die hard snipes fan then you might want to rent it, but i don't give any guarantees as to whether you will like it or not. it just might be worth renting simply to see the beginning because the heist is definitely one of the most intelligent and ingenious i have ever seen...don't expect much and marvel at the heist and you just might not feel like you've wasted your time watching it. only buy it if you are an avid fan who must have a copy of every movie your favorite actor has made regardless of how good they are
yup,  surreal life for wesley.maybe he needed the dough? whatever it is, this movie along with the other one he made (the marksman) are pretty bad, 90 minute standard-action crap-ola...7 seconds was a little better, but whoa the stench rotted my entertainment center for days...sorry wesley. for what it's worth; your not a bad actor. but your agent is selling you off to the lowest bidder...good luck..
i should've read the reviews before renting it.7 seconds is a formulaic capper that's not entertaining at all. the car chases are ok, but nothing to write home about. it's a regular snipes movie, but lacking fun. it's long, illogical (which isnt bad if it's entertaining),  and just plain boring
plain and simple, it sucked!.seven seconds, is about how long you want to watch this piece of garbage!  no wonder i've never heard of this movie, it's a disaster!  almost every movie i've seen wesley snipes in is good.  so i figured i was going to see a decent movie when i rented this. wrong!  it's very hard to understand, exactly what's going on in this movie. it was dragged out, and just plain ridiculous!  every review on amazon for this movie so far is bad, we can't all be wrong
childish  fight.it is a bit strange to watch all this fight against dan brown's book. what is for? millions people who like the da vinci code book usually do not take it as a source of historical facts. the value of this book is not in the particular facts but in general (and serious) idea about danger of destroying male-female balance in society. indeed, a human being consists of two parts. males and females have very different views on this world so that these views should be well balanced. if one of the parts becomes heavily predominating, it may be truly dangerous for survival of our species. dan brown just takes our attention to the problem. he shows that the imbalance has a  long history and it might be a major source of many current problems in human society as well as the source of overall instability on the earth. and the latter is not fiction.
only for the closed minded.fortunately i obtained this dvd from the library  didnt have to pay for it.  very one sided.  almost completely avoids discussing both sides.  recomnmend instead, da vinci codde decoded,  jesus, mary  da vinci or unlociking da vinci's code.  check amazon reviews  rating on these other dvds
this is for non-beleivers only!.i was extremely disappointed with this title in the sense that it is a one way only answer.  they do admit that the book is a great read but apparently everything mr. brown wrote is fiction based on his own delusions.  they also seem to point to mr. brown as the only person to ever make claims like the ones in his book.  i am an open-minded person and will gladly look into new ideas and possibilities.  this dvd made me feel like a fool to do so.  on the other hand, if you don't beleive anything in the book, then this dvd is for you.  it might also help to let everyone know that at the end of the presentation, the narrator tells you that if you want to know the whole truth, you should seek your answers in a book you probably already have at home... the bible.  how convenient!  hope this helps
i have got two words to descibes what i thought of this....and that is boring and snobish!  i watched the first two hours of this and coudn't keep awake.  the narritor's voice was monotone. i wanted to shout at his pompous, snobish demeanor shut up!!  in my opinion is not the proper way to educate is to entertain at all god's peoples. with the narritor, granted he is educated but does he have to shove his creditals and his attitude from the gecko. when you take people on a educating journey (such as nine hours long) invite them like you would invite into a warm a loving welcoming home. i felt with his demeanor and atitude felt beat up and like i was crawling on my hands and knees through out the first two hours. i am not watching the rest of the seven hours and returning this dvd set back to the library and saying "check please".
one of the worst movies ever made.i saw this movie yesterday thinking it'd be exciting. i sure am glad that i survived after watching this terrible excuse for a movie. there's no story line, the acting is pathetic, whoever gave vin diesel the idea that he can act. like an earlier reviewer observes it's about who's dumber the guys who made this movie or the ones who gave it a good review
horrible.absolutely unwatchable. cliche-ridden. so silly it's very nearly offensive. it's like watching one long music video by a b-level rapper - full of dumb, beautiful women, buff, monkey-headed ghetto thugs, and jokey tricked-out cars. without a doubt one of the worst movies i've ever seen. the script is laughable, the acting worse. vin diesel and paul walker are more "dumb and dumber" than "butch cassidy and the sundance kid". awful
ghetto monkey, modification morons with mufflers.i would rate this piece of film trash a "0", but unfortunately, that is not an available option. this stupid movie did not start the scene, but it did contribute to it. this review is to all of you ghetto monkey morons who think that because you have ground effects and an obnoxious sounding muffler, that somehow you have transformed yourselves into mario andretti and a ferrari; i have some astounding news for you, the average citizen thinks you are an idiot with a license, and should be barred from ever contributing to the human populus. no one is impressed with your driving antics that endanger the rest of us on the roads and highways. in fact, everytime i read that one of you idiots died in a tragic accident due to your own ignorance and lack of driving skills, i actually celebrate with my friends, and we relieve ourselves on the grave, because there is one less stupid person on the road. do the rest of the world a favor, save your money, don't make your car look stupid and ghetto, which in return, makes you look stupid and ghetto,learn how to drive safely, turn your hat around (facing forward), pick up your retarded looking baggy pants, put a belt on, and hide your underwear, (that no one wants to see, but laughs at you while you walk past) and speak a normal language that includes words besides "dawg" and other non-understandable neanderthal sounds that clearly indicate your lack of education and stupidity
this movie would have been acted better if they used real retards!!!!!!!.i can't give it any less than one star but what the heck, the girls were hot so there's the one star. other than that i am literally dumber after watching this movie! i swear to god! i passed out after watching this film because i got so stupid i forgot to breathe! they should stop beating around the bush and hire retards from the mental home to play the lead roles because lord knows they would have done a better job! even if they just ran around the set yelling "1,2,3, potato salad, march!" the dialogue would have been 1000 times better. message to the producer:.give it up loser!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this just didn't do it for me.maybe i loved the original one too much, but this version of the story did not work for me. i especially was dissapointed in the music and the oompa loompas. stick with the first one. it was perfect
euuuwww......creepy!.this movie creeped me out and not in a good way. johnny depp is an awesome actor and i usually find him sexy but in this stinker i find him really creepy and gross. maybe it's the michael jackson-ish look he has going on with the black wig and white face. could they have picked a more horrible look for ww? it looked like they took him to a costume store and put a 10$ wig and 5$ clown makup on him! i love tim burton's other movies but this one sucked bigtime! it gives a new perspective on willy wonka but this willy is someone i would keep kids away from. this movie is childish if you're an adult and pales compared to the original. if you're a kid it's way too dark and scary and has some adult humor which will leave kids asking "auntie zoe, what does that mean?" when are screenwriters going to figure it out? either write a kids movie or write a grownup movie!!! it's really hard to do both in the same film. it seems like when writers try to make movies that appeal to adults and kids, they end up appealing to nobody! maybe i am biased because i loved the original gene wilder version. i would have been open to seeing a remake if it was good but this movie was dissapointing. it's amazing how so much money and effort go into special effects and expensive sets and the script itself is hollow with lousy characters. the whole thing just had a creepy vibe with almost sadistic undertones. the only reason i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because i love depp and burton, if you are not a fan of either, don't waste your time with this steaming pile of poo!
stick with willy wonka.i could barely get through the...um...er...reimagination...of the childern's classic - while the set design and special fx are state of the art, as usual for a tim burton film, the actual movie is hard to watch. why? depp's "performance" is chock full of ticks and mannerisms, off-putting, flat, self-absorbed, and finally, one-note. rather than the quirky fun of the original 1972 gene wilder version, burton's film is more horror than fantasy, often casually cruel and sadistic to the point of being far from family fare.  while deliberate on burton's part, that doesn't make the final product any more watchable. it's one grim, dismal, downward spiral slog. not much holidday fun, huh? as with most of burton's other big, expensive failures, he knows how to create a convincing world, but has no clue how to populate it with characters and situations we identify with and/or could care less about.  the final result is a film that's like a fragile, hermetically sealed curio on the shelf - nice to look at from afar, but hard to get attached to, much less involved with. what a waste of millions of studio $$$
zone."u.s. and canada only".so no need to market it to me in europe
stilted, drippy, outdated, and worst of all redford.okay people, robert redford is an atrocious actor. he is a hormel hamslice prancing around as a vapid left-wing pooh bah. witness the scene in this film when he is "tired" and answers the phone. ha! okay, but on to the movie. ..the candidate is apparently for those legions of people out there in america who think they're good enough, they're strong ehough, and gosh darnit they want to make a difference! oh, but politics is so evil! well, i would never want a politician like this wimpus calling the shots for me or my family. this film squanders what could have been an insightful look at political ambition, instead reds-baby is, as always, doofus #1. it helps that the evil republican is nothing more than a windbag spouting off empty rhetoric. hint to filmakers: movies are more dynamic when there's an interesting, well-defined villian. ..but, as a political junkie there still was enough here to keep me mildly interested, if only because it's a great portrait of the mcgovern-era vapidity of the left. however, this film fails not because of any political predisposition, for it doesn't even begin to explore the origins of political power.
fake "dog whisperer" - studious ignorance.cesar milan, the so-called 'dog whisperer', bases his training methods on a dog behavior model that is so out of date as to be archaic - from the dinosaur age. he teaches that dogs base all their behavior on their pack status, and that you need to use painful 'corrections' to convince them that you are alpha. this idea hasn't the slightest shred of evidence going for it. ..yes, dogs do have dominance roles, but that hasn't the slightest thing to do with problem behaviors. dogs do 'bad' doggy behaviors because they work. dog guards his food bowl? dog wants to keep food and knows that growling keeps you away. dog pulls on the leash? dog wants to get somewhere faster and knows that pulling speeds things up. the dog doesn't care whether or not you're alpha; he only cares that what he's doing works to get him what he wants. ..technically, cesar's methods work. but they use force, fear, and pain to teach the dog, when you can teach the same things faster with the proper positive motivation and non-forceful techniques. i have three hyper, active, highly driven border collies, and they're all very obedient and mannerly. they don't haul me around the leash, nor do they leap at guests, nor do they ignore me when i tell them something. and i don't need to be 'alpha' to get them that way; neither does anyone else. ..i strongly suggest that you don't buy this item. good books to start with are karen pryor's 'getting started: clicker training for dogs', melissa alexander's 'click for joy!' (also with a great problem solving section), and jean donaldson's 'the culture clash'. you can easily have a happy, obedient, well behaved dog without causing him fear and pain
my expert completely disagrees with this person!!!!.after taking my dog to a true dog behaviorist, he told me that .cesar's "style" is something i should not adopt.  his "one size fits all...gotta show 'em who's boss" mantra is completely wrong.. my dog behaviorist is renowned in this part of the country and gives seminars on dog behavior in japan, as well. he also heads the training for dogs who are taken into our local hospitals. i trust him completely... so i definitely question now what cesar the "dog whisperer" has to offer. the person i am working with operates solely on the "reward" system.
nothing golden about this one.this film is based on a concept that has potential - a mathematical key to the interconnectedness of all things - but it doesn't deliver.  clearly, the writer wants us to believe that there is one elusive key to the intriguing patterns all around us, but he pretty much drops the ball right there.  usually with this sort of plot, you are at least given the illusion that *someone* knows the answer and what's more has some clue about what to do with it as well.  there's no such suspension of disbelief in this one, nor even an attempt at such.  ..adding injury (if you count eye strain) to insult, the whole thing is shot in grainy bw with annoying mtv-style jump cuts.  in the awards for obnoxious splash films of the year, this one takes the cake, but not the pi
pi.when a movie producer in 1998 foregoes available spectrum of colors and technology opting to feed his audience grain-black, white and jittery gray, the result had better be good. that fraction of members of the technicolor-drunk general viewing audience who will even stipulate to watch such a thing do so at decided perils of time and money, push play alongside mr. benefit-of-a-doubt and strain to see if it works. thus begins the argument of effect and more specifically, that of color. the problem with a black and white movie is that very few movies that resort to that, despite some grand intention, do not work, or, in the alternative, do not work as well. citing two examples - sin city which is near-tolerable acting paired with an absurd choice of black and white, tantamount to robbery, and good night america which is all and about the same. the dilemma with black and white productions is that regardless of how well it comes together, there seems always a thread of an argument in the back of one's mind that if one must resort to black and white to make one's point, one might be better served as a charcoal artist. color is the medium of life. from a budgetary perspective, black and white films save money as the 'challenges' of color, which, in a good feature, can be excessive, are thus eliminated. yet complications arise - for instance - i wasn't sure if that was blood or motor oil dripping from that guy's hand. similarly, the entire cast in sin city could have been wearing hot pink, in shades of course, and we would never know. yet of course this is no excuse to dislike a movie - or is it? one wonders, however, that, if pi production would have had more money, would they have opted for color? moot point. it's done...notwithstanding the obvious that i don't prefer black and white movies and incidentally don't know lots of people who do, pi, although a courageous artistic attempt with significant merits ranging from creative camera work, clever symbolism and high-octane guts, seems to lanquish for other reasons. despite pi's visceral intensity which is delibertaely hot-wired throughout, spinning out scenes that sizzle the nerves, after max's third or fourth headache it gives up the ghost. as as result, the movie stays earthbound, weighted down by a mediocre revolving-door plotline (obsessing man chases number grail looking for key to life while beset by outside forces including the recycling feeds of his own troubled mind), unremarkable narrative with a gem here and there, failing repetitive effect and thin, uninspiring 2-d support cast, leaving the movie wanting for depth and intelligent character interplay. unresolved imagery and scenes lent the impression that this creative endeavor was a bit out of control and ad-hoc which is no fatal flaw in and of itself but in this case was signficantly detractive. despite a reasonably decent stockpile of cinematic victories the battle wasn't won. the themes inspiring pi have excellent potential however this movie trafficked the runway like an antiquated flying machine - airborne one second, belly down the next. as a fine creative exercise, the creators are praised for their effort and bravery - pi is as bodacious as a skunk engaging rush-hour traffic and commands the watcher's attention until that undefined moment when boredom sets in. contains subterranean theme seedlings which likely served as brain fertilizer for the subsequent more advanced spin-off -  "a beautiful mind"
just say no.this movie is no "heathers."  it's not even "mean girls."  as hard as it tried to be witty, shocking, dark, and satirical, it just made me want to bang my head against a wall to make the pain of watching it stop.  maybe i'm just too old for this drivel -- although i could watch "clueless" and "the craft" until my dvd player breaks -- but whatever entertainment value this movie was trying to push, i just didn't get it.  the movie wasn't funny (which is sad to say when one of my favorite comedic actresses, carol kane, couldn't even elicit a smile out of me), the plot was full of holes, and the writing seemed very rushed and contrived.  i wasn't expecting greatness when i watched jawbreakers, but i was at least hoping for 1 1/2 hours of mindless entertainment.  unfortunately, the "entertainment" piece was dropped and i was just left with "mindless.
wow.boy this movie was weird and psycho. i happen to like the weird movies but it was way off the psycho side for me. friends try to cover up an "accidental death" from one of their friends when they try to pull a prank that goes horribly wrong. things like this, i try to stay away from. although i am glad i saw it so i won't always wonder if this movie was actually watchable or not. now i know. i gave it 2 stars because the movie did have it's charms.
almost everything dan brown taught us about christ is false!.books have been written, and will continue to be written, to try and disprove christianity and jesus as the son of god. what is almost comical is that one has to print lies and errors to try and convince people. that's because you can't disprove the truth. and what are some of the errors, you ask? i will give you a few: dan brown tries to use gnostic gospels (gospels written in the 2nd century and beyond by people who were not eyewitnesses) to try and prove his theory and omitting new testament scripture. to say that jesus and mary magdalene were married by using the gospel of phillip (written after 250 a.d.) where there are missing words: and the companion of the [...] mary magdalene. [...] more than [...] the disciples, [...] kiss her [...] on her [...]. clearly, there is some problems with this text with the missing words and the fact that it was written over 200 years after jesus died. this does not prove anything. also, he says that the word "companion" means spouse in aramaic, which is great, except that the gospel of philip was written in "coptic," where "companion" does not mean "spouse!" second, dan brown says that it wasn't until 325 ad at the council of nicea did people start to believe jesus was a deity and that it was a close vote. new testament disproves that because it shows that jesus was deity where paul writes in 1 corinthians 15:3-5: "for i delivered to you first of all that which i also received: that christ died for our sins according to the scriptures, and that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures, and that he was seen by cephas, then by the twelve." also, the council of nicea met only to sort out some differences among church leaders, all of whom believed that jesus was divine. the main question was whether jesus was begotten or made. jesus' divinity, death and resurrection were not in question. only two of 318 clerics at the council did not sign the nicene creed. so there was not a close vote unless you think 318 to 2 is close! third, his main argument is that it mary magdalene in the last supper painting by leo. if that were true, then where is john, the youngest and most beloved apostle? john was often portrayed in a feminine manner to convey youth, as is seen in many stained glass portraits in european cathedrals. and also, leo was just a painter who was not around when jesus was, so it didn't matter if he tried to put mary in a painting or not! fourth, brown says that the gnostic gospels and the dead sea scrolls are "the earliest christian records." while the new testament obviously came before the gnostic gospels, the dead sea scrolls refer to a collection of about 900 documents, many of which are fragmentary scrolls written in hebrew, greek and aramaic, that were discovered in a cave and do not contain even a single mention of jesus or of any other person mentioned in the new testament as they are jewish documents! he also says they were discovered in the 1950's when they were discovered in 1947. oops! fifth, dan brown says that christianity borrowed its beliefs from the pagan religion of mithraism. he says that mithraism worshipped the pre-christian god mithras, called the son of god and light of the world, who was born on december 25th, died, was buried in a rock tomb, and then resurrected in three days. scholars of mithraism would strongly disagree with brown on all of these points. nowhere is mithras given the title son of god and the light of the world. brown apparently made this up because it sounded good. mithras was born on december 25th, however this proves nothing. the new testament never associated december 25th with the birth of christ. the early christians chose to celebrate the birth of christ on this day intentionally to oppose the pagan mid-winter festival of saturnalia. they never claimed jesus was actually born on that date. the claim that mithras died and was buried in a rock tomb is just not true. scholars will tell you that in mithraism there is no death of mithras at all. so, there was no rock tomb and no resurrection. so once again, he is nowhere near correct. lastly, brown says that the four canonical gospels were chosen from over 80 gospels. first, there were only less than half that many books written about jesus life. the two gnostic gospels brown relies on most heavily weren't written until the second century a.d., long after the new testament gospels were written. it makes sense that the gnostic gospels came about in the late second century, as this is when gnostic thought was most prevalent. however, the new testament was complete before the end of the 1st century. also, the gospel of thomas, which dan brown lies heavily on,claims women must become men in order to receive salvation. that makes no sense. there are many other errors in this novel, but i think i have showed there are enough lies in this book not to be taken seriously. this is pure (or rather "poor") fiction, without a shred of evidence that jesus was anything other than the christ, the son of the living god! thank you, dan brown, for making my faith stronger
another cover-up?.the content of the dvd "national geographic - is it real? da vinci's code" appears to be very badly researched. assumptions made by national geographic are presented to the viewer as facts. conclusions drawn are in general not supported with plausible evidence. the views projected are bias and i wouldn't be surprised if the catholic church was the main sponsor of this movie. all in all a highly disappointing dvd
needs even more creativity.i had high hopes for requiem of darkness since it had a dark atmosphere to it. also, the characters looked very unique and intriguing. unfortunatley, the beginning is very rough, both in content and speed of the show. ..the plot is about a writer who wants to create a book of horror stories. he is always interested in cursed places and people with bad omens hanging over their head. he meets up with a gang of three people with dark powers who murder the murderers, and immediately becomes their intrusive groopy...unfortunately, the show is not as slick as the plot sounds. the first episode immediately starts off with the story-telling. it is centered upon a man who murdered a talented child for he was jealous. throughout the episode, you see the man going insane with guilt and hearing strange noises. the problem is nothing interesting is revealed about any of the main characters and some of the events feel rushed and confusing without the nice introductions of who's who. ..the second episode i found more enjoyable since it was unique. it is about a man with a hotel protected by the willow woman. the willow womanis infatuated with the owner and killed all of his wives and children. it even has a little plot twist, nothing extrodinary but still welcoming...and once again, the third and fourth episodes deal with insane murders. this is when the show became boring for me. i do find crazy murders interesting to read and watch about, but i like to have more variety if this is what the who show is going to be about. also, the show's trick of using violence and paranoia to be scary lost its buzz by the end of the dvd...i give it an extra star since one episode is decent and the character design is great. unfortunately, the show left me unsatisfied since the main people of the show weren't the main focus of these first few episodes. maybe the next few volumes will be more creative and give more details on the main plot, but i personally don't care to spend anymore of my money on such a risk...one last note: this show has very intense adult content. don't make the assumption that the rating is over exxagerated for it definitely is not. actually, i personally thought the rating was too low for this show
such a disgusting anime.when i 1st watched requiem from the darkness i had high hopes for an anime show i heard that could actually by scary. to my dissappointment this show was not scary at all but a mockery of anything that is anime. this show has good animation is some spots with some deformed shapes of people. the strengths of the show however primarily rely on its soundtrack which is above average but nothing amazing. also the last straw with this show was the horrible depictions of people being graphically murdered. this show is disgusting because of these potrayals a brothers murdering each/husband killing wife after wife/a man who enjoys murder/and very very intense sexual situations of insects and once again family members murdering each other. i recommend this show to no one and i believe geneon has made a mistake licensing it. if you don't heed my review then you have wasted your money on a dvd not worth a penny (i wouldn't take it for free)
well that was tedious.well folks, looks like we may have the most over praised movie of the current millennium right here. ("crash" comes close, but that film has a lot more detractors than this one, and many of those who liked it seemed to do so because they imagined, somehow, that it would "change the world".)  my beefs are not the same as most of those who don't like the film:  i don't much care that it may show an unrealistic picture of drug abuse, nor do i find it overly depressing.  fact is, it isn't depressing at all cause i didn't care.  it's just boring and annoying, sometimes at different moments, sometimes simultaneously.  this not a good combination...all right, here's a plot summary:  jared leto, marlon wayans, jennifer connelly and ellen burstyn all do drugs, and this really messes up their lives. i hate to give it all away like that, but there it is.  the fundamental flaw is this: i don't like any of these people, so their pain doesn't mean anything, and since that is all there is to this movie it absolutely fails to have any sort of effect.  maybe if aronofsky had put more time in to characterization it would've worked, but now there just isn't anything there.  as far as what's actually in the movie, we've got  jared leto as a stupid chunkhead who has inane conversations with his equally chunkheaded girlfriend jennifer connelly, who wants to be a fashion designer, or something.  beyond this we've got jared's mother, ellen burstyn, who is a weird old woman and marlon wayans as leto's friend who deals drugs with him at times and appears headed towards the big leagues.  i particularly love how there's no real attempt to make wayans into a person.  he's got one flashback about how he wanted to make his mom proud and that's it.  the doubly sad fact is that he's the most likable of the three.  he at least displays a little life.  connelly and leto apparently just wandered here from a bergman film and are so dull and slow that it's a wonder that the smack doesn't cause them to cease to exist entirely.  (well, connelly actually does coke, i think, but it fails to liven her up any.  also, i actually *like* the bergman films i've seen, so that's not really a fair comparison.)  they love each other, apparently, but since i don't even like either of them i'm not much interested.  finally, burstyn is mostly just creepy though her performance does take a turn for the hilarious as she goes off the deep end.  perhaps it wouldn't have been funny if i cared about her, but we've been over that...  ..and i want you people to know that i'm not utterly heartless when it comes to movies.  i can care about the characters, but none of these people did anything for me, so the movie's dead in the water.  for good counter examples watch "trainspotting", which has drug-addict characters with enough humor and life to be likable and interesting and "bubba ho-tep", a film which displays the plight of the lonely elderly 50 times better than this film despite being a silly horror-comedy with a mummy in a cowboy outfit in it.  on the other hand, neither of those movies is nearly as pretentious as "requiem for a dream", so watching them will do nothing to stroke your ego.  still, if that's all you want to kinda find plenty of films better than this one for that purpose.  .."requiem for a dream" isn't helped any by darren aronofsky's repetitive, derivative over-direction.  the trouble is, this movie hasn't got any plot to distract you from how redundant the visual style is.  there's nothing inherently wrong with any of his tactics, but they're hopelessly driven in to the ground, as we see fast-motion a thousand times, quick-cut montages a million times and plenty of wonky camera-attached-to-the-actor junk, and they are, again, impossible not to notice cause the plot sure ain't drawing me in.  i imagine that the overdone, repeating visual style is meant as a representation of the endless cycle found in drug use, but that doesn't make it any more pleasant or entertaining to watch.  the score suffers from the same problem as they use the same handful of themes over and over. ..truth be told, i thought this movie was pretty okay for about the first half, but then it really started to grate on me.  it became evident that no, aronofsky wasn't going to introduce any new visual tricks and no, these characters weren't going to get any more interesting.  i looked at the timer continuously for about the last 40 minutes of the film, and was so uninvolved that the supposedly horrifying conclusion where all the characters really get it bad was utterly ineffective.  it was kind of uplifting, really:  now that these tedious characters have finally hit rock bottom i can go do something else.  now that's a good ending...grade: d+ ..ps this is 500 reviews.  i doubt if i will write 500 more, but who knows
a celebration of hopelessness.i give this film one star for the acting, which is often very good. however, the plot and message of this film revel in hopelessness, and debase every aspect of lower income, urban people. in all honesty, i've seen more joy in an african famine. i sat through this film, against my better judgement. still, if you're truly interested in investigating the dark underbelly of urban american misery and frailty, then i recommend "a streetcar named desire", "kids", "last exit to brooklyn", and "traffic".
not for the average dog owner.sorry - but this video is not for the average dog owner! if you identify with the punk rock scene and are looking for an alternative to the standard dog training video then this might work for you.  this video shows basic training techniques, but the narrator's "voice over" distracts from the actual training process going on. the korny doggy-do and doggy-don't skits attempt to show the viewer correct training techniques and obvious training mistakes,but are a waste of time.maybe worth $8 but definitely not the $22.95 price tag. i would return it if not for amazon's return policy against returning opened videos
good cast, poor film.when i saw the cast of this film, i hired it. it wasn't bad but i can't say that i was overwhelmed with enthusiasm. it was a bit slow although the surprising twist at the end makes you think how you make emotive assumptions based on the facts which are often quite erroneous. i won't say more so as not to spoil it for you but it wasn't up to my expectations
a good cast wasted with amateurish direction and a wretched screenplay !!!.i am normally a fan of keanu reeves, marissa tomei, and particularly james spader, but not in this movie. ..first, whoever cast marissa as a psychiatrist needs some medical attention of their own...she just doesn't look or even try to act the part. she's lucky that academy awards (for cousin vinny) can't be recalled. ..keanu tries to creep us out as a good looking serial killer with excessively polite diction (what an original concept !!!), but comes off as a "stepford husband"...robotic and really not that scary. let's just say that he won't be replacing anthony hopkins or tony perkins anytime soon. ..james spader, who is usually the personification of arrogant indifference, just doesn't come across. sometimes he's arrogant; too often he is indifferent....but then so are we, because his dialog and character are so poorly conceived. ..i blame virtually all of this on a lousy screenplay and amateurish direction. there is not one original thought, shot, or concept in the entire movie. the "trick" camera shots look like the work of a stoned high school kid, and the background music is so wretched and disconnected from the story that you begin to wonder if your dvd player may not be picking up random radio signals from a foreign country. ..all in all, this would barely rank as a good "made for tv" movie...it lacks the power, talent, vision, and skill of a legitimate theatrical release. for these reasons, i am advising you to pass it up....you can definitely do better.
don't watcher.i've always believed that keanu reeves would make a really good bad guy, ever since i saw him in action in the gift.  i was hoping that the watcher would provide the answer.  netflix to the rescue!..the plot of the watcher revolves around joel campbell (james spader), a former fbi agent who has moved from l.a. to chicago to escape his demons.  and his demons are many, including an affair with a married woman, the death of said married woman, and the choice joel had to make between catching a serial killer (david allen giffin played by mr. reeves) or letting the woman he loves burn to death.  unfortunately, joel was too late to save her...joel moves to escape his past, but his past moves with him.  david decides to relocate his serial killing activities to chicago and continue their game of cat-and-mouse.  he's gotten so used to killing that joel is now a part of the thrill of the hunt.  so david invents a little game: he mails a picture of his next victim to joel, who has until 9 p.m. that day to find her before it's too late...in the middle of all this is dr. polly beilman (the lovely marisa tomei), joel's psychiatrist.  she tries to help joel deal with his issues:  he never really sleeps and has perpetual migraines.  can you guess why she's in this film kids? i knew you could!..there are two powerful flaws that make the film distracting instead of creepy. ..problem #1: the film alternates between several "point of view" speeds.  one of them is the normal film of day-to-day life.  the second is stalker cam, from the perspective of david who watches his victims.  just to mix things up, occasionally the screens flashes bright white and we hear the sound of a camera flash.  `cause david's watching.  get it? the third and worst film speed is the memory cam. we see bits and pieces of joel's past life and the death of his lover in weird, six million dollar man slow motion blur.  it's annoying the first time and becomes extremely tedious as the film revisits the same scene over and over and over.  worse, this effect is used whenever action takes place on screen.  it's almost as if the director didn't know what to do during action scenes and resorted to blurring things a lot to cover it all up...problem #2: at bizarre, inappropriate times, we get rock music interludes.  the music varies so widely in scope that it never establishes a mood.  american psycho used music to excellent effect (covering up the screams of the victims as well as establishing the decade of the movie).  in the watcher, it's like someone flipped to mtv during the boring parts...the main thrust of the film is the horrible anonymity that we all suffer in cities.  even though joel knows who's going to die, even though the police put posters of the victim everywhere, even though the tv news broadcasts who the victim is...nobody notices these poor, lonely girls.  it's a compelling message that's utterly lost in this film...the actors work with what they've got.  spader comes off as patently unlikable.  tomei looks bored.  everyone else is there to act as typical foils.  reeves' dialogue makes him sound and act like an idiot...and that's the problem.  serial killers are human wrecks, built from abuse and neglect.  we never learn more about david and why he does what he does.  to make him truly frightening, we need to get inside his head (stalker cams don't count).  but half the time the watcher is about joel, who comes off as kind of a jerk.  heck, david's kills aren't even scary.  the trailer showed david's shadow as he strangled a woman with piano wire...but get this, it was sped up. ..in other words, the guys making the trailer decided the murder scenes in the watcher were too boring, so they sped it up for the trailer.  that one scene was what made me want to see the movie.  but in the actual film, that scene is filmed in slow motion flash.  forget joel's migraines, the watcher tries to give you a migraine...this is joe charbanic's first film as a director and presumably his last, since imdb doesn't list anything else since 2000 when the watcher was made. it shows.
one of the worsts!.the movie title itself says a lot, the movie itself is a total scam, fools people to rent or to watch it. a horrible directing, script and performance. you'd better jump off empire state building in the late afternoon if you feel bored than watching this brain-dean bad movie
very boring with walk-ons by fmaous people.this movie is very mildly amusing for about ten minutes.  yes, it is slightly interesting to see the cannes environment, but not enough to watch this film. it could be a cure for insomnia, though.  fans who are looking forward to seeing their favorite actors in a satire will be disappointed.  you can count in seconds the amount of time any famous actor is on the screen, and it's really just very boring. all those fans of johnny depp: be particularly warned. he may have co-star billing, but blink and you'll miss him
what a dog!.musicals are historically slight in the plot department, and this movie is no exception.  three stars: one fading, one rising and one coasting do not help matters either...rita is the fading star.  it was painful for me to watch the once dazzling love goddess reduced to playing the controlling widow.  the make up department probably had to work overtime trying to cover the circles under her eyes, and her hair and costumes are just bad.  novak is the rising star, although i don't get the 50's obsession with bubble headed, busty, bleach blond bimbos.  it would help if she could act, but sadly her range is very limited. i truly believe they added the dog to help make her character sympathetic, since she was unable to convey it herself.  then there is frank just coasting on his charm and cool.  doesn't seem plausible that a hep cat like him, who could bag any "doll", "dame" or "mouse?", would fall for either of these gals...anyway, i gave it 2 stars because of snuffy the dog.  he stole every scene he was in.  although that wasn't too difficult to do in such a dog of a movie
disappointing - would love to see a good remake.this movie took most of the great songs from the stage play and dumped them.  for a theater lover this is heartbreaking.  what a disappointing story.  if a movie can be faithful to the theater version then this one is a class-a adulterer.  even the ending was changed and not for the better.  the dubbing for the two leading ladies was also disappointing.  a pretty face is not enough
back to the future... of impossible romance?.if you loved the back to the future trilogy and, generally speaking, time traveling extravaganzas on the silver screen... simply forget about buying this dvd. all being well it would make you feel like a total idiot for the first half of the movie, while you try to figure out all the "time-traveling science" you've been taught so far, then space you out close to the end, leaving you totally speechless. this is not good, simply because the producers and the writers probably went crazy themselves trying to emulate the real time-traveling pros, while winding up with some abrubt, nonsense end of the movie, with absolutely no sci-fi logic at all: they simply had to eventually stop shooting, so they just thought any happy ending would have done the trick, no matter the time differences and the numberless loose ends still untied in the plot. not a sci-fi movie and not a romantic story either: look elsewhere for any of these two types of movie
paaaaaaaa . . . leeeeeeeez.i often wonder if some if not most of the people writing rave reviews, 5 stars, are really paid, biased, professionals pumping up the movie for increased dvd sales.
heir to richard pryor's genius?   please.....i gave the guy a chance.  i saw his stand up and some of his skits.  recently, i saw him on that pompous show, "inside the actor's studio."  they showed some of his "classic" bits.  throughout it all, not one laugh shook my tummy...the racist, sexual, and political material he makes fun of is more easily and hilariously skewered on mad tv.  just because a black man screams the "n" word a bunch of times, it does not make him a brilliant comedian...the most annoying thing about chappelle is his willingness to don the mantle of "suffering artist."  for a while, he was avoiding comedy central's offer to renew his contract by supposedly hiding out in a mental ward.  false modesty aside, he clearly enjoys his own hype...chappelle should change his name to chapeux and sell hats
not funny and very offensive.i don't think this guys jokes are funny at all.  every skit is a slithering crack at white people and most of his shows are very violent and strange.  i think this guy has a searing hatred of whites.  also, all that very serious stuff aside and when he isn't being like that, which is almost never, he just isn't particularly very funny and his skits look cheap and thrown together...basically his shows seems immature, uneducated, and lacking in true social awareness.  but this is for you if you like "fart joke" level humor with an seriously hateful black twist
watch das boot instead.i just finished watching das boot.  to even draw comparisons between these two movies is absolutely ridiculous.  where das boot is a gripping human tale of the tragedy of war, u-571 is just more hollywood tripe...if you just want 'splosions and escapism, i guess u-571 does the trick...if you want a realistic sub movie that will haunt you for many nights to come, go with das boot
what a disaster!!!.i thought this movie would be fantastic with its all star cast of superb movie stars like kevin kline, meryl streep and lily tomlin etc...instead the movie was extremely slow, boring, and drawn out!! it was so bad that 45 minutes into the movie, i couldn't stand watching another second of it. so, i stopped the movie and promptly returned it to the video store i rented it from...if the movie moved at a swifter pace and was a bit more witty, then perhaps it would have been good
i love keillor, but this is deadly dull.based on the ratings, i suspect kindhearted people think they should praise this film because of the likeability of its stars.  but from the heavyhanded appearance of "death" to the self-conscious acting styles to the endless songs (you deserve a medal if you don't ever hit fast forward), this simply does not even approach the charm, wit and easy musicality of the prairie home companion radio show.  also, the dvd transfer seems a bit dark
chomsky on chomsky.i recently bought this dvd and was really looking forward to seeing it. halfway i stopped watching it. disappointing
for girlie men.i was a bit disappointed in this tape.  the workouts are too easy.  i had mastered .abs of steel i and was looking for abs of steel 2.  i couldn't find it so i bought this one but its too easy.  i found a used abs of steel 2 and i like it much better
poor value even though i love tamilee.this item was a big disappointment and a waste of money for me.  i love tamilee and her arms and abs video from a few years ago.  that's why i was excited to see what i thought was a newer production of arms and abs workouts.  the cover was different than the video and there was no reference to the older video in the description, so i thought the dvd contained all new workouts...the 3 arms and abs workouts were exactly the same as the old video, so did me no good.  i didn't buy the dvd for the lower body workouts, but viewed them just to see what they were.  two out of three are somehow cued incorrectly from the dvd menu, meaning you select workout 2, for example, and the dvd takes you to the cool down session from workout number 1!..because sequential workout video tapes are still easier to use for home-exercisers than dvds since you don't have to remember which workout you are on - you just stop the tape one day and restart the tape another day - this dvd is just a back-up for the tape i already use
not enough variation.although the video was easy to follow, there was no variation between the segments.  the 10 minute segments were basically the same. i was looking for a quick video that i can do in the morning but it seemed that i spent most of the time warming up and stretching and then continuing with the same moves.  if you are at all experienced and are looking for a quick targeted workout this is not the video for you
exercise video for people who really aren't serious.this video is broken into six 10-minute sections. who in their right mind would work out for only 10 minutes? this is not going to accomplish anything. well, you think i'll just do all of the workouts one right after the other. this is silly too, because each 10 minute segment includes a warmup, small workout routine, and stretches. unless it is okay with you to do all this over and over again, it is not an effective use of your time. especially if you are truly trying to accomplish a goal
no english subtitles....again??.my favorite series ever, but that's been covered elsewhere.  i love owning the complete set, seasons 1 through 7...however...the show isn't a miracle cure for the hard of hearing.  i suppose the extra 5 cents per unit to add english subtitles put y'all over budget top...it must be nice to have a captive audience, you should only have the opportunity to learn the lesson of last tuesday!!
great show, poor dvd.the west wing is my favorite television show of all time.  period.  nothing else comes even close.  i could go on and on about the show, but others are doing an excellent job on that score, and that's not my point here...my point is the awful, awful dvd.  no english-language subtitles (for the second year in a row).  only two special features, both about the debate episode.  no insight from the actors about their take on seven years of ground-breaking television.  no tribute to john spencer.  i feel as if the folks at warner brothers television knew they had their market well in hand, so the quality of the product really didn't matter.  "no bother, we'll sell enough anyway."  i'm one of those that bought it anyway, but i feel as if i got ripped off.
wholesome, weird, and dull.this picture had some good potential but the director tried too hard hard to make it some kind of arthouse flick. a rather pointless attempt to remake brewster's millions with an altuistic slant. it wasn't a "bad" movie it simply wasn't a "good" one. boooooooring...zzzz..zzzz..zzz
muffled vocals ruin an otherwise enjoyable concert.the line up of 60's and 70's soulsters is interesting - an eclectic mixture of the well known and the not so famous. the backing orchestration and vocals are excellent. however, everything unravels when the lead vocals commence. the singers all sound as if there was a curtain between them and the microphone when the recordings were made.   it is not just a matter of 60 year old vocal chords being weaker than 20 year old. it is not the obvious lack of proper balance between the audience noise and the music.  the simple problem is that the vocals were not mixed at the correct volume. i can understand such a problem with a 1960 concert. this is a 2003 production!  i am perplexed
way too easy.this is a competent, fun dvd. however, it focuses mostly on choreography at the expense of sweat. let's put it this way: i'm a semi-regular exerciser, but i'm also fat - and i barely breathed hard. it's a fun workout if you just want to get your [...] off the couch and do something for a half hour, but not so great for a serious cardio workout
horrible dancing and horrible work out!.this video is all hype and delivers nothing.  i love dancing.  dancing in this video is horrible.  for the latin section, there was hardly anything latin about it!  it was like she took some aerobics moves and added latin words to them.  ick!  not too mention it's hip hop music in the background with a small segment of horns added.  i love latin dancing and didn't enjoy this at all.  the other dancing sections were equally cheesy.  they were soo cheesy i just felt like an idiot doing them.  if you are not at a stage in life where you still go to clubs/go out, i.e. 40+) then you might enjoy this.  if you do currently go out dancing it's just going to be torture. ..as for the workout, very low-intensity and lots of lulls as another reviewer said.  definitely not for anyone who enjoys real dancing (because this is horrible) or an advanced exerciser because the workout does not keep your heart rate up.  i wouldn't even recommend this for a beginner because the choreography and direction are way too clumsy.  i think that would make a novice exerciser feel awkward when really it is the video and instructor that are the problem!  don't waste your money....  there are lots of better vids out there.  this is awful
don't bother with this film.the only real crime surrounding this film was the murder of chandler's story. this is just another example of someone capitalizing on someone else's reputation to sell a film. gould is about as much marlowe as pee wee herman is mike hammer - i.e., there is no resemblence..additionally, the cinematography is terrible - it looks like a cheap 70's movie shot in video instead of film. there's absolutely no suspense, nor snappy delivery of lines by gould. i can only imagine that anyone who liked this movie probably cared more about marlowe's bare-topped neighbors than anything else, because there's almost nothing of redeeming value in this movie..for those fans of real noir and/or hard-boiled detective pulp, don't waste your money or time watching this junk. you'll be disappointed.
minus 100.sorry, this movie just didn't work.  tried to watch it twice, and just couldn't get through the whole thing. was it supposed to be a thriller? a murder mystery?  a comedy? a drama?  what?..don't waste your time. if there are any other philip marlowe films out there, try them instead. nothing could be as bad and weak as this film.  the only thing i liked about it was the cat (which i am not sure was ever fed!!)
disappointing.it starts out well but half-way through, it loses its direction and suffers an identity crisis. avoidable
angels in america.this was a hugely disappointing film. i did not see it on stage nor do i want to if it is ever resurrected. it trivializes illness, death, god, heaven, range of human emotion and love in all forms. i have grown up in a post-aids world and can see so many problems far worse than aids.i am tired of listening to actors drone on in selfish pursuits. while america focuses on such banal subject matter, larger more urgent problems are clearly ignored by a society that thinks it has the luxury of still trying to come to grips with sexuality
i wish i could go lower than this..this is horrendous movie. i will never claim it as the movie of my generation. it's one of the many reasons why i absolutely hate the "80's". the others are:breakdancing, the yuppie lifestyle,power hungry businessmen/women, women with manly handshakes, new wave music, and junk movies like this. i know that the main character is nothing less than a manipulator who is only concerned about himself, and what he can get out of life. he ridicules his friend because he's sick, and doesn't feel like driving ferris around...especially in a ferrari that mysteriously gets lost in the parking garage, so what am i left to believe i have to wonder if this is where ice cube got the inspiration for "it was a good day". i don't care what decade it was, or what was cool back then, or now manipulating your friends is "not" i repeat"not" cool. i know with john and johnette q. public this is something of a sexual relase. i could picture private parts of men and women everywhere getting soaking wet from this movie, and i find it so repulsive that everyone out there finds this funny.
balkan bullcrap.let's be up straight and honest.  there is nothing really to recommend or like about this movie.  shot on a shoestring budget way back in 1994, balkan runner has a stiff and pondering script full of holes (like how did the hunky hero get unhandcuffed from the dominatrix's claws?), a talentless cast, and a score reminiscent of a 70s cartoon series.  daisy white is certainly lovely as is isabel russinova, but their emotional range is that of a rutabaga.  paced incredibly slow and with no exciting sequences to brag about, balkan runner is one of those movies you've never heard about, and rightly so!!
so............... boring.................here are some interesting facts relating to "heat" and myself:..length of film:  547 minutes.number of characters in film:  231.number of interesting occurrences: 0.number of minutes i was involved/entertained by this film: 0.number of times i've started watching this film, then stopped: 5-6 ..truth be told, i've never actually watched "heat" in its entirety.  i've seen almost all of it, and many parts of it multiple times, but never all the way through.  (in fact, i think i probably have seen absolutely all of it, considering how many scenes i distinctly recall seeing repeatedly, but i can't be sure.)  anyway, i'll be sitting there trying to watch it and i just can't do it.  it's so damn boring, and the thought of me being this bored for the next 8 hours is just too much and i have to do something else.  like randomly flip through the channels for the next couple hours.  maybe just stare at the walls and think.  mow the lawn, perhaps .  do some dishes. clip my toe nails. anything.  (i hasten to add, however, that its extreme length isn't really "heat"s problem.  it's all boring.  cut it down to 100 minutes and it would still be really boring, just not for as long.  which would make it about twice as good, actually, but we're talking about such a small baseline that the difference wouldn't be terribly perceptible.)..and it's not like this thing isn't up my alley.  people i trust and who have good taste tell me it's good and  i like crime-dramas.  it has a generally excellent cast. but then i'll be looking at the screen and not one thing, not one thing will happen that makes me want to keep looking at it.  and so i stop.  i'd like to be more specific, but it's pretty damn hard to say why a film isn't involving.  it's tough to describe a lack.  probably it has something to do with the film having so much going on that it doesn't really have time to get into anything.  i especially like how pacino's stepdaughter tries to off herself, yet we've only seen her on screen for like 2 minutes.  why would i care? pacino's marriage is failing, you say?  why would i care? pacino and de niro have tedious conversations with one another.  oh boy.  it's also hurt by their making pacino a cop.  he doesn't much work as a good guy.  furthermore, the action scenes are dull as hell.  also, one of the major themes of the film is about how cop and robber are two sides of the same coin.  for other examples of this see every other cop drama ever made, particularly the ones that suck.  (this observation, by the way, comes from the film "adaptation", and though it didn't specifically refer to "heat" it totally applies.  on a related note, "the 3" would be about 1000 times more entertaining than "heat", were someone to make it.  if you don't know what i'm talking about, be sure to check out "adaptation".  it's a good example of a film that isn't really sucky and boring.)   ..unlike some things i dislike i feel no animosity towards those who think "heat" is great, though i can't help but suspect that many of them were expecting a great movie, and so they got one at least in their heads.  it's got pacino and de niro together!  it's so damned long, complicated, self-important and humorless!  it superficially resembles great films from the past!  4 stars!!  i realize that this is unfair of me and i hate it when other people try and explain the hidden, false meanings why i like whatever movie they don't like, but it's what i think, and if that makes me a hypocrite, which it does, well, i can't change that.  and besides, it's always possible that i'm right....  if in 20 years "heat" is largely forgotten we can assume that i'm correct.  if not i'll watch it again, this time all the way through, and we'll see if i've changed my mind, and we'll finally know if everyone else was deluded or if i'm just a stupid freak who differed from most of the other wise viewers on this one.  get back to me in 2026.  perhaps we'll have to make it 2031, cause the idea of me watching any of this movie again within the next 2 decades makes me a bit antsy.  i need some more breathing room...but til then, the hell with "heat".  i'll just watch "taxi driver" or "the godfather" or "goodfellas" or "the departed" or whatever again.  just about anything will do, actually, regardless of quality or genre as long as it's shorter than "heat".
i wish i could go lower than this..this is horrendous movie. i will never claim it as the movie of my generation. it's one of the many reasons why i absolutely hate the "80's". the others are:breakdancing, the yuppie lifestyle,power hungry businessmen/women, women with manly handshakes, new wave music, and junk movies like this. i know that the main character is nothing less than a manipulator who is only concerned about himself, and what he can get out of life. he ridicules his friend because he's sick, and doesn't feel like driving ferris around...especially in a ferrari that mysteriously gets lost in the parking garage, so what am i left to believe i have to wonder if this is where ice cube got the inspiration for "it was a good day". i don't care what decade it was, or what was cool back then, or now manipulating your friends is "not" i repeat"not" cool. i know with john and johnette q. public this is something of a sexual relase. i could picture private parts of men and women everywhere getting soaking wet from this movie, and i find it so repulsive that everyone out there finds this funny.
cliched story, inferior animation..we're deep into the formula now with computer animated films -- and over the hedge is one of the most tired of the bunch. can anyone say buzz and woody? chicken run? the exterminator is the stock villain in cgi movies --almost identical to the vintage toy collector in toy story 2. how many times can you do the a-bomb joke.....worse still is the dialogue, the painfully unfunny one-liners, and the .see-saw animation that is either dull or like a pinball machine with sight gags and explosions. it is clear that each of these animators are trying to outdo one another, and that once again we see a cleverly-disguised lack of locations -- or interest. there must be nothing easier to craft and render than endless rows of geometric homes and a single proscenium of forest. this film is a by-the-numbers piece of merchandising with very little genuine artistry.
ugly movie.people who claim they "loved" this gratuitous violence and debauchery-filled movie need to get a life and learn what a great movie is.  there is nothing redeeming or "important" about this movie.  it's just ugly.
fabricating history..few leftist icons are looked upon more favorably than professor and activist howard zinn. like many radical ideologues, he is the darling of students, the professorate, and the glitterati. indeed, hollywood star matt damon provided the narration for a hagiographic documentary about his life entitled, howard zinn -you can't be neutral on a moving train..."you can't be neutral" is a reference to zinn's belief that all history is skewed by the mind that conveys it, and that the best historians must be "engaged" in political and societal matters. therefore, it is non-remarkable when their discussion of events always manages to be harmonious with their worldview. such a post-modernist outlook is quite popular today, but prevalence is not always an indication of value. zinn informs viewers that no work is ever completely objective, which then allows him (and other activists) to avoid using research and citations which do not substantiate their pre-determined suppositions. ..that no historical account is ever 100 percent objective cannot be doubted, but an automaton's level of clinical impartiality is neither possible nor expected. one commits a black-or-white fallacy by pretending that it is as nothing can ever be 100 percent objective or subjective. good history doggedly attempts to be unbiased. when it abandons its detachment, any amount of distortion becomes acceptable; history gets alchemized into propaganda. zinn minimizes his own lack of scholarship in the peoples' history of the united states by claiming that it was not written with an academic audience in mind. ..as a man, zinn appears to be more celebrity than egghead. he isn't one to quibble over the nature of secondary or primary source materials, he'd rather illustrate his points by quoting lyrics from a woody guthrie song. no doubt that the directors of this film ascribe to their subject's view of fairness as not one of the individuals interviewed uttered a single negative syllable about zinn. uniformly leftist luminaries like noam chomsky, alice walker, marian wright edelman, daniel ellsberg, and tom hayden spent their segments exalting the importance of his impact upon society. ..their depiction of zinn's personality was most revealing and in keeping with the tendencies of leftists in general. according to his friends and associates, he possesses a "steely anger," and "an endless capacity for moral outrage" which is representative of the whole. dr. john ray's key psychological components of the leftist are discernible in zinn as his need for fame, praise, power, and attention are quite pronounced. ..at one point, zinn's perceptions appear utterly astonishing. as a jew in the air force who was sent to fight the nazis during world war ii, he found himself in a position of, what should have been, absolute moral clarity. if ever a person was placed into a position where war was morally just, this was it. however, his reminiscences are confined to indignation over his unit's bombing an enclave of german soldiers. he lamented the action as the men in the french village, "weren't doing anything to anybody"--except defending the boundaries of a genocide state.  ..perhaps the best way to sum up howard zinn is through words he applied to uncle sam: "limited, opinionated and with special interests."
awful....as a made for tv movie that comes on in the middle of the day on a saturday afternoon that you watch because you don't feel like changing the channel, it was okay. as the sequel to gwtw or the screen adaptation of the book i enjoyed reading so much, it was appallingly awful. the acting was weak, and the woman that played scarlett was mildly attractive at best. it was a complete waist of time and money
disappointed buyer.after one month i have never received the item. never even received a shipping confirmation. so am extremely dissappointed in the seller you adevertise. the other dvd came just fine i ordered from another seller. so sorry can't honestly rate the item when it was never sent. i've been very patient waiting for it to come and extremely busy so haven't had a chance to write before..mark cai
wes, say it aint so.i have hope that someday wes craven will return to greatness, that his abilities as a filmmaker will once again outshine his horrible motives for movies like scream 2, cursed, and dracula 2000. i have waited patiently for him to make another cinematic cult classic like "a nightmare on elm street" or "the last house on the left", but alas "red eye" fails to be anywhere near as good as those two previous movies. first of all, the flick is pg-13, which means no blood, no sex, and no good stuff that accounts for a horrible plot. a pair of breasts and a bloody brain splatter can make up for bad plot twists sometimes.  i must admit there are directors that can pull off a pg-13 horror flick but wes craven is not one of the chosen few..	 as soon as the opening credits are over the plot has unfolded in my head, yeah it's that predictable. the main character lisa is on the phone with her dad while in the airport. her grandmother just kicked the bucket and she is hopping a red eye flight (creative title, huh) to visit daddy. immediately you realize the old man has something to do with the story line, and he is obviously more than a destination point. while on the phone with pops, lisa puts him on hold to speak with cynthia, a girl that is taking her place as hotel manager while she engages on her trip. cynthia has to somehow be a victim.  next lisa meets a gentleman that buys her a drink in the airport bar and the two of them just so happen to sit next to each other on the airplane; he is obviously the bad guy. not just because of the random circumstances, but he has those bad guy eyes. the movie is over from my point of view, besides a few inconsistencies, the viewer already knows that the father will be threatened if lisa and cynthia don't work together to make some violent action against a guest at the hotel. now we all know that this won't happen because all crappy movies have happy endings. that is why seven was a splendid film by the way, the villain was triumphant. the guy that sits next lisa on the plane will most likely be the only one who dies in the entire movie. it's all expected, and it's all dribble. which may be why they made the movie pg-13, no one over the age of thirteen should be allowed to see it. .	this movie could have been saved, if the villain had a better plan, if he was more convincing. if the protagonist wouldn't be so heroic if her morals wouldn't be so goody two shoes. if the movie wasn't so black and white good versus evil it would have been tolerable.
the biggest waste of brian cox ever!.the premise:.lisa reisert (rachel mcadams) is travelling home on the last flight of the night (the red eye) to miami where she lives and works as a hotel manager for a prestigeous hotel after attending the funeral for her late grandmother. jackson rippner (cillian murphy) is a mysterious and charming stranger she meets in the airport who as it turns out is not so coincidentally taking the same flight as she is...rippner's reason for travel is strictly business. it so happens an assassination is planned on the secretary of homeland security while he stays at lisa's hotel. rippner needs lisa to call the hotel and arrange for the secretary to stay in a different room. if she doesn't comply, he has a man waiting outside her fathers home to kill him...thoughts:.this was one of my few experiences with wes craven's (director) work who is most known for the horrible genre of teenage slasher films i despise. i had dismissed this film in theatres without giving a second thought, and when i finally saw it last night i knew next to nothing of what it was about. from what i vaguely remembered of the previews, and given craven's reputation, i was honestly expecting rippner to be a supernatural character such as a vampire. in hindsite, i think 'vampire on a plane' woulda been a much better foundation for a film...to call this film's premise shaky is as kind as it is unfair. it's unfair because the core plot points could prove to be an interesting thriller. the problem with this film is how it executes those points. a hotel manager? the secretary of homeland security? give me a break! make it the deputy director of the fbi and the president of the united states and we have a plotline that warrants all of this hullabaloo. the concept of this film has potential, but how it was staged is just too ridiculous. are we really to believe that the secretary of homeland security is that important that such an elaborate scheme to assassinate him would be put in place. are we really to believe that the only way this assassination (which involves missles did i tell you? i won't say anymore) can be pulled off is if the manager of the hotel can get the secretary to stay in a different room? and who are these nameless caucaisions who want the secretary killed? and why?..the premise isn't only shaky, it's totally gutless. it sickens me that hollywood is so afraid of offending anyone that neither the antagonist nor their motives can in any way reflect real world people, situations or beliefs. it forces me to recall the debacle of the last adaptation of the great jack ryan thrillers by tom clancy, the sum of all fears. in that film, instead of having militant muslim terrorists acquire a nuclear warhead lost by isreal (which truly is something to fear), they decided to go with nazi's. heaven forbid we offend all the militant muslim terrorists of the world by portraying them as the evil stain on humankind that they are. i digress. my point is simply that red eye doesn't even go that far. it has no voice. it doesn't tell us anything, and worse, it's too spineless to put a face on fear...there are some good things about the film. first and foremost is the cast. while rachel mcadams is completely not believable as a manager of a prestigious miami hotel, that part of her character is more of sidenote and it's a fault of casting more than her acting anyway. cillian murphy is very talented, and he has a look that allows him to come off as charming one moment and creepy the next. i still wish he woulda turned out to be a vampire though. finally we have the legendary brian "better than anthony hopkins as hannible lector" cox. he's such a great actor, but in this film he's relegated to the most menial of roles. almost every scene he's in is him answering the phone, being woken up by the phone, or picking up the morning paper...the film is ok in it's first two acts, with the second act being the strongest part of the film where rachel and cillian have performances confined mostly to their seats on the plane. it's here that the tension builds, and the performances really hold the scenes. then comes the third act were the film just breaks down in to complete ludicrousness. the story continues off the plane and gives up completely on being an intellectual thriller. instead it goes for the action route and follows just about every cliche for a movie of this type...the verdict:.red eye has an interesting idea that could have beened turned into something a lot better under a more able screenwriter and director. the actors performances do the best they can to keep this ship afloat. if you can ignore the ridiculous parts of this film which are about as far fetched as your typical network tv thrillers, then you may find some enjoyment your first time through. it's not horrible, but neither is it really good
hmm.this movie is for liberals what the left behind book series is for christian conservatives, it portrays reality how they want to see it. its like they wanted to make a good story but tried too hard to cram as much pc political propaganda in as possible and ended up ruining it. entertaining in some parts but pretty dumb overall imo
tedious and improbable.what begins as an intriguing thriller quickly turns into a major disappointment. the teen heroine is intelligent and quick-witted, but held back by an inept script that never has her do the obvious: call her uncle, call the police, tell more trustworthy adults. throw in a completely unbelievable and improbable ending - the final 15 minutes utterly laughable - and, voila! you have wasted two hours of your life. ..can't recommend this one
good performances, astoundingly bad script.stellan skarsgard and diane lane, two otherwise talented actors, completely embarass themselves in this absurd, trite and predictable "thriller" that turns out to be more of a comedy than anything else when all is said and done. skarsgard and lane play a wealthy couple who become the legal guardians of 2 teenagers when their parents are killed in a car crash. for some reason that is conveniently overlooked by the script, the fact that skarsgard and lane are 2 psychos is never realized by these parents, who have presumably known them for a long time. but of course, what place does logic have in this movie after all?..while the performances are all good, the actors can only do so much with the terrible script they're given to work with. every plot "twist" can be seen coming a mile away. some scenes even exceed the point of absurdity, case in point: when skarsgard is able to take out an experienced police officer and then steal his gun. go insult our intelligence somewhere else...and what's with all the product placement? this probably earned the movie more revenue than box office sales. shameless. ..if there's any saving grace to this movie, it is leelee sobieski, although it's a shame that her breakout role was in this turkey. she deserves a script that equals her talent. but she is certainly nice to watch, especially the scene where she strips down to her 2-piece bathing suit revealing her bodicious, delicious, nutritious, i-want-some-of-that-icious body. but hey, when a movie has nothing else to offer it may as well cash in on sex appeal, right?..rent this one first if you absolutely must see it.
a horrible movie.the first x-men movie was fantastic. the second movie sent chills down my spine and was even better. this third movie was absolute trash and i will never buy it
torture to watch.i hate to trash on an american classic... but this was truly horrible.  i thought my son would like this due to the flying car.  it took hours of torture to get to that scene.  horrible, horrible film.  mindless, drawn-out banter, and weak story line.  our copy eventually broke (stepped on?) --- we felt sooo lucky to have it gone.  "one star" seems like a generous rating
uh...no!!!.don't even think about it
direct to video potboiler re-tread that never should have been made.this direct to video "sequel" is actually more of a re-tread of the original 1998 guilty pleasure erotic thriller/film noir potboiler, and another of the countless, and pointless, direct to video sequels to come from sony/comlumbia/tri-star as of late (cruel intentions 2  3, starship troopers 2, shall i go on?).  wild things 2 focuses around a rich girl (susan ward) whose stepfather mysteriously dies, and the only thing standing in her way of inheritance is her high school rival (son of the beach's hot leila arcieri) who claims to be the man's true, biological daughter.  naturally, just like in the original, there are plot twists aplenty, as learned by an insurance investigator (isiah washington, giving a somewhat inspired performance), and naturally, there are double crosses, murders, and a redux of the first film's threesome, only it's not as erotic as the original's.  wild things 2 isn't just a cardboard copy of the original with none of it's good points, it's a solid waste of film that even fans of the original film will hate.  is it worth seeing?  depends how much you liked the first wild things, but for the rest of us, just watch the original and forget this ever happened
mild things -- lame pun for a lame movie.what does wild things 2 have going against it from the get-go:.a) no denise richards  b) no name actors  c)being a crappy direct-to-video sequel  d)no denise richards naked . . . ..what is wrong with wild things 2 after the fact:  .a)a script that tries to overcompensate its idiocy with more twists than a corkscrew  b)one sex scene -- a (weak) threesome, one of the few things even linking this to the original c)sexy actresses who star in a sexy movie but decide not to be naked (leaving us with a body double and naked-from-behind shot) . . . wait let me play that again!..if i seem to be dwelling a little too much on the sexuality aspects of this film maybe its because this is an erotic thriller...did i mention no denise richards?
tienen razn: es muy mala.psele una estrella como calificacin slo para poder respaldar a quienes ya han opinado, pues se trata de un bodrio de pelcula. yo, felizmente, slo la arrend; de lo contrario, la prdida de dinero habra sido mucho mayor.
boooriiiiiing!!!!!.i want the two hours of my life back!.after all the talk about what a cult classic this film is! what a waste of time! maybe this movie was a novelty to american moviegoers in 1973. that time is past (even then, the "robots attack people" concept was hardly new). now this is just a boring b movie with bad acting and anticlimactic action. this film is only good for academic or nostalgic purposes. unless you are doing a research paper on american sci-fi cinema, or you are in your 40s and enjoyed this movie as a kid, or you just like boring anticlimactic b movies, avoid this dull piece of drivel..i feel cheated!
doesn't go nearly far enough.this documentary reveals the shocking fact that companies, by law, have an obligation to their stockholders, rather than to society at large.  but this isn't the only case where 'people' by law are required to focus on only certain responsibilities.  what about doctors?  when a doctor treats you, by law that doctor is supposed to think only about what is best for you.  shouldn't she really also be thinking about whether others would be better off if you were out of the way?  shouldn't she give you an injection that would peacefully put you to sleep if she feels that society as a whole would be better off without you?  ..and what about accountants and lawyers?  every time an accountant handles someone's money, he should be legally obligated to consider whether it would benefit society to take half of the person's life savings and give it to charity.  it's wildly inappropriate for your accountant to be legally obligated to handle your money in your interests.  what about the greater good?  and your lawyer should never act mainly for you - each and every lawyer should be expected to consider everyone equally, rather than giving special emphasis to her own client...let's get serious - in order for a corporation to act in the interests of its stockholders, who are the last in line in case of bankruptcy, it must first meet all obligations to others, or else there will be nothing left for those stockholders waiting at the end of the line.  as an ongoing business, companies have reason to care about their reputations, about earning loyalty from their employees, etc.  yes, some companies have done bad things, just as some people have done bad things.  can every single person be condemned as a psychopath, simply because there are some examples of humans that were considered psychopaths?  ..corporations, like people, can do harmful, dangerous things.  there's no doubt that many of the problems documented here actually occurred.  but it is the reponsibility of government to regulate corporations, just as it regulates people.  ..the example of bolivia, where people were forbidden from collecting rainwater, is an example of the failure of government.  why would the government give such rights to anyone, even itself?  but when government regulation has been adequate, privatization of water and many other services has been hugely beneficial to the poor in most countries...demonizing corporations for faithfully managing the money invested in them is ridiculous.  corporations, and individuals, should be regulated by governments.  if outrages are not detected and punished, then government has failed.  but we shouldn't abolish government, or corporations, or people, simply because none are perfect.  we should 1) hold governments accountable for performing their role; 2) hold corporations accountable for legal violations (through fines, and through sending corporate executives to jail in extreme cases, as has happened many, many times); and 3) use public pressure and our own personal buying decisions to give corporations an incentive to make socially responsible decisions...if you really care about the poor around the world, then put the blame and the pressure where it belongs - on bad government
first rule of the fight club - you must be a white male to love this movie.this movie was very much like american beauty, except it was a little better. this kind of dark comedy is made for white men who have lost their souls to the modern american life. but for all other people, including myself, fight club was not that good. and i get the movie. i am a consumer, like most americans. but not to a degree where i can relate to jack who is the main character. starting a fight club to re-discover masculinity or one's identity is an absurd idea. what is sad is the fact that so many white men are facinated by the whole idea of fight club. no wonder the only people that joins the fight club in the movie are white males. no wonder that the only real people in my life that i saw raving about this movie so far has been all "white men". the movie does speak one truth. modern american life  has reached a point of sickness that a movie like this drawn a significant number of fans. like i said, i have not come to that point yet and i do plenty of things to make my life significant and meaningful. people should build a family, serve their community, and make real friends to live a happy and significant life. fight club is not necessary unless you really became like jack. do not watch this movie unless you are white male. watch if you are really curious, but it will be a waste of time
2nd rule of fight club dont buy fight club (warning spoiler).this movie is flat out doa. great filming great acting. bad screenplay!.during this year that fight club came out every movie ended with a skitzo type thing, and if you really want to see a good edward norton movie see primal fear. this should be on the top 100 dumbest movies of all time list. even if the ending was different that movie would still suck!
a depressing, rambling film.with such an excellent story line, why was this viewer unable to connect with the characters and the events? i was a young man when the terror at munich occurred - i remember with clarity and outrage. yet, there is no real horror transmitted to the audience - only the constant confusion of watching a depressing and rambling film. ..i guess the people of the world must hide under their blankets and hope nothing bad happens again. why ever take action against those who want destroy the free world? gosh, you could make a mistake! ..in war, there is never a fair and balanced response - only more death and destruction. the hope is that you hurt the other side more than their capacity to hurt your side. then, hopefully, they decide to stop and the world gets another brief respite until the next war...avoid this film. i wish i had not seen it
ugh...this one is just bad!.wow, what a disappointment. great actors with a god-awful script from a fantastic book. i loved the book so much, i just couldn't wait to see the movie and i missed it theaters so i watched it this weekend from netflix. what can i say? it's boring! i'm not a huge fan of tom hanks, especially with this mullet-esque hair (it's ok to hate me), but i love iam mccellan and jean reno, but these great actors just couldn't save this movie. and sofie neveau was so much more interesting in the book. don't waste your time on this one
i expected better.i'm not going to proceed to judge this movie on the unhistoricity of the claims it makes about christianity.  by now, thanks to this film and the book of the same title, most individuals interested in christology should be aware that this story is nothing more than ignis fatuus.  that being said, i will make this critique based on the quality and presentability of the film, and not on the controversies it has stirred within certain caucuses...as a movie the code leaves much to be desired.  there are gaps in the story line and overlooked pieces of evidence in the louvre museum by the police that no respectable law enforcement agency would fail to detect.  for example, langdon and detective neveu, after successfully evading captain feche in the museum, strike a series of clues (writings, bloodstains, keys) that the entire investigatory team analyzing the crime scene failed to uncover. langdon and detective neveu fail to ask each other seemingly obvious questions that- if answered- might end the movie immediately or take it in a whole new direction.  ian mckellen, a fabulous actor of extraordinary talent, lacks complete credibility in this film. ..so what went catastrophically wrong?  well, it wasn't the book or its author dan brown, who has been selling copies of the code faster then they can count them.  and although the performances were at best questionable, by themselves these are not enough to sink the movie.  the most obvious answer as to why the code is so deficient is ron howard, the director.  mr. howard simply lacked the vision and forethought to successfully and credibly present the da vinci code in a manner believable (as a film, not history) to the audience. i think most individuals who gave this film favorable ratings were captured by the mystery and romantic luster most conspiracies are imbued with, and had a pre-formulated supposition of jesus and his relationship to mary magdalene
exit the freeway....this movie was loaned to me, (thank god i did'nt rent it) and is the biggest waste of a few hours of my life ever! the acting is so horrible it made me cringe,and the cuts in the movie were done to where it seemed like it had been edited for tv.this is supposed to be a black comedy? it's not funny, and the so called violence in it made me yawn, seriously, i've seen more gore on the simpsons. there are so many things in the movie that are amazingly unbelievable, k. sutherland walks for miles to a hospital with a bullet through his neck, head,and two in the back.r. witherspoon overpowers sutherland (for the second time) and strangles him, pretty good for a 90 pound teenage girl huh?  but, i do think everybody should watch this movie once so you can see what a movie should not be.(besides, misery loves company
warning.not in a long time have i had such a dislike for a movie as i do with freeway. i am a fan of dark comedies so i thought i might check this movie out, it has reese witherspoon after all, how bad could it be? well, really bad. first of all on a good note, reese witherspoon is good enough in the movie, although her character isn't all that likeable nor do you empathize with her all that much. but reese does a good job with what shes given.. my main beef with the movie is that i would not call it a dark comedy. it's more like a comedy that also wants to be dark, graphic and serious, or a dark graphic serious movie that wants to be funny. the result is that it's a movie that doesnt know what it is or what it's trying to do. both the funny parts and the serious parts are horribly mixed together in a way that it feels like two different movies fighting for the screen.. but hey, if you find being shot in the neck, or stiff lifeless grandmas with their throats slit and a horrified expression on their face to be funny, you just might like this movie
worst movie ever.even worse than wing commander, yet another craptastic movie starring freddy prince junior.  why does it suck?  well first it stars fpj, so you know it's gona suck already.  next it just sucks.  that's it.  the story is boring.  hell i don't even remember what it's about.  i saw this movie years ago, and all i remember was that i hated it.  ..you know a movie sucks when the only thing you remember about it was that you despised it.  avoid at all costs
awful.............. but for teri hatcher.teri hatcher fans can perhaps get some value for money.  but for her, and her ample body on ample display, this movie is just not worth the time.  terrible direction, awful story, miserable music!!
what were they thinking?.man, i don't know what the other reviewers of this movie were smoking, but it should be illegal!  this is, first off, a terrible dvd: 4:3 (full screen) format, with a dark, muddy picture.  worse, the plot is typical, predictable, and poorly written.  other than looking for glimpses of teri hatcher's body, sitting through this fiasco is a total bore.  i was also surprised at how bad teri's acting was in this movie, since i've seen her do much better in things she was in previous to this.  that is probably the fault of the director, erik anjou, a third-rate director (at best!) who has done a total of two movies and one documentary.  gee, i wonder why he isn't in more demand (not!)!..i can enjoy "b" movies, and bad movies, but this one is just so totally non-involving that it is not even good enough to laugh at.  i can't imagine that this mess was released on dvd for any reason other than to cash in on teri hatcher's current popularity, and to suck the cash out of people who are anxious to see a younger (29 year-old) teri hatcher nude.  ..rent this, if you must, but, wow, there is no reason anyone should want to buy a movie this bad
what a waste!.i have to say that even though teti hatcher's performance was good the movie itself was terrible. the plot was pretty dumb and the situations that take place in the movie are not believable. i can;t believe i wasted my money on this one
the itsy bitsy problem..by the time you see the ending, you'll already be wishing that you hadn't watched this movie
lousy follow-up.this is pitiful. how do you maximize profit? easy, minimize quality on every level and capitalize on the brand name. in other words, raise expectations through the roof with a superior detective series and use this momentum to sell an inferior follow-up series under the same name. ..ghost in the shell 2nd gig says "cheap" from the opening credit montage to the bare bone ending credits. the colors, unlike the first season's which were deep and juicy, are dry and monochromatic at times. the inventive little things that embellished the high-tech philosophy and look of the first series are completely lost on this one which seems less specific and more abstract. even the presentation shouts "economy". the first season's packaging included a booklet, this one, nothing. oh, i forgot to add that the art for both boxes look thrown together. and let's not forget the animation. there are a lot of clever things being verbalized but by it being called "animation" i don't expect to sit through ten minutes of dialogue to see something, anything move. another clever little trick to save money. ..the look of the characters, from batou to kusanagi have been altered considerably. kusanagi's eyes are bigger and her body seems shorter and less voluptuous. batou's arms are shorter. the lean, chiseled features of aramaki which made him appear old and wise are now younger and fuller. the mecha and weapons in this series are also vague. the individual eleven are not as interesting as the laughing man plot of the first season's series. ..i had high hopes for this series. there was a lot of thought and creativity behind the first season of gits. it was better, in my opinion, than samurai champloo (though not as popular). i still believe that as this current storyline spins out that it will be better than most of the series out there. unfortunately, this one will not even come close to the first season and this will probably be the last season for this franchise. too bad.
glorious images, fractured storytelling.i could not force myself to watch this film in its entirety. i think i made it about 45 minutes in. despite many fine actors, esp. the always interesting jeff bridges, who brings a layered sadness to many of his roles, i simply could not connect and did not care about these people...it was this huge budget american movie shorthand: we're supposed to care because we've been given a snippit of a scene that reminds us of something else, but it just doesn't work for me. if i don't care this far into the movie, it just won't happen...visually beautiful, and sky high production values on costumes and sets, it is wasted in these disjointed storytelling. whoever cast the extras has wonderful faces, which the cinematographer and editor took full advantage of, but why don't we get faces like that in the major characters. of course chris cooper has that kind of face, but many others (esp. all the "size 2 women" in the supporting roles)seem to have stepped out of a commercial...the chicago tribune called this film "sleek and beautiful." i will completely agree with that, but so are music videos. i kept asking myself, what is wrong, what is misfiring? i really wanted to like it. some of it is the short-hand story telling, but the look was almost too pretty. when the cinematography is this gorgeous, you want and need to linger on something smaller and deeper, or really take all the time you need to connect with something bigger -a mini-series. ..ultimately, i began wondering if the original length was much longer, and it was cut down so much that it became fractured, and if that is the case, my apologies to the director. this is the kind of film that makes me ponder, what is it that european film-makers "get" that we lose in our big budget studio films? is the system itself hurting some films, by sanitizing and conforming them, when they need to stick out like an unruly horse's nose at the starting gate?..very beautiful, but no connection, and not satisfying... well, that's a lot of things in hollywood in a nutshell, isn't it? ..there are lots of special features on this dvd, but if i can't sit through the film, i don't care about the extras.  so glad i borrowed this instead of buying it!  i hear the book is something wonderful...
one sided.i haven't seen a movie so one-sided since the contender. they didn't even try to make good arguments for the pro-gun side. i hate to use the term liberal bias but in this case it fits like a glove. the cards in this movie were so stacked against the defense team that by the end of the movie i felt like the gun companies were the underdogs. pure garbage.
worst movie i have ever seen....i really wish amazon would let you chose from negative numbers when it comes to rating stars. this movie is nothing but anti-gun propaganda. i have gotten up and walked out of better movies than this, but it was like watching a train wreck...i just had to stay for the end. you know, for those of you who don't know...firearms save far more innocent lives than they take every year, and mine was one of them. this movie cd might make a good coaster, but beyond that it is trash...some less than truthful "nra member" (yeah right) wrote..."i really liked and enjoyed this movie. the acting was excellent and the plot twists and action kept my attention. it will keep yours too, just give it a chance. sure, it was a little bit slanted against the gun industry, but they deserve it and need to be more responsible. i may buy the dvd to watch it again, but am overwhelmed with the movies i have bought from amazon.com and not gotten around to watching. however, i may add this to my collection!"..horse hockey. member of the nra? more like member of the micheal moore fan club. this was the worst movie i have ever seen. they even had to lie to get you in the theater, as nothing was mentioned about it being anti-gun in the trailers! and saying that it was "a little bit slanted" is like saying micheal moore is skinny and has never ate a cheeseburger or told a lie!!
take out your hunting knife and gut the book.never have i seen a movie violate a book so badly. john grisham's runaway jury is a moral microcosm of free will versus addiction, in which the widow of a life-long smoker takes on big tobacco in the courtroom. the movie runaway jury is a slapped-together suspense chase, in which the entire premise is changed into the widow of shooting victim taking on gun manufacturers...this movie is, at most, a caricature of the book, and not a flattering one at that. hackman transforms fitch's quiet menace into arrogant buffoonery; a man who waves his arms and throws phones at the wall. parts of marlee's life-altering past are tranformed into vaguely impersonal events. the most interesting aspects of the story--jury selection and nicholas easter's manipulation of the court--are grudgingly presented in minute-long montages in order to get back to the yelling and frantic running around...if i had never read the book, i would consider this a run-of-the-mill flick, rent-worthy at best. but knowing how atrociously the screenwriters have butchered the concept makes the movie all the more empty and sad. even if you aren't a lover of fiction, i highly recommend buying the book instead.
great acting ruined by politics.stellar performances by all actors and actresses involved in this movie are ruined by the sheer ignorance of the topic. not one single "fact" about guns contained in this movie was true and at the end of the film i had nothing but an overwhelming feeling that the bad guys had clearly won. what a crock
i want your brain!.this is not a george a. romero project..directed and written by ken wiederman. film contains profane language, gross bloody effects..  thom matthews returns as a different character, "joey", james karen returns as a different character, "ed", jonathan terry returns as "glover", allan trautman returns as "tarman". brian peck returns as 5 different zombies, "pussface", "thriller", "jaw", "eye-pop" and the zombie on the car roof..  a truck that is traveling across a bridge is carrying pressurized cases that contain cadavers.  one case falls off the truck and ends up in the water.  a group of kids find the case and triggers the gas inside that spreads across the cemetary.  the living dead return..  also in the cast: thor van lingen, dana ashbrook, mitch pileggi..dvd only contains audio commentary and theatrical trailer
stick with the first one!!!!!!!.after the scary and funny "return of the living dead" i couldn't wait to see this one,know what? turns out i could have waited to see it because this is the pits!!!!!!!! how could they have blown this movie so bad!! not funny,not scary,and not worth the price!!!!!!!!! stay away!!!!!!!
"where's the brains?"  !!!!!!!  (imgaine this said by the wendy's old lady.).yeah, that's how i felt when i noticed the lack of gore and the lack of development in the characters.  even the zombies are the same thoughout the picture.  how can a zombie go from one part of town to the next in what would take a serious muscle car at least an hour?  ..regardless, it's worth owning to have the scene where they rise out of the cemetery.  the kid is downright annoying but, when i was a kid i liked him!  suppose it's not time to have kids yet, aye?  regardless it could have been better.  flawed  but, if you viewed this before the first one... don't let it stop you from getting the first!  the first one rocked.  i thought the 3rd one was produced much better than this as well... but they just keep killing this series as part 4 and 5 i once again heard were terrible
anne of the green gables.i am so disappointed that it did not have any closed caption or subtitle for the deaf.  i had to return it
truth or lies?.one star is evidently the required minimun. this documentory, in my opinion, distorts the facts and does so for policical purpose and personal agenda.  if you are looking for the truth, you won't find it here.  there are people who, by exploiting the ignorance and stupidity of other americans, spread mis-information for one or more reasons: for personal or political agenda, or both; and/or, in some cases, such action either aids or supports the enimes of our country. this is a prime example of the type of people who intelligent americans consider anti-american as evidenced by the nature of their words, acts, and reasoning. they have a right say their piece and present their documentary, regardless of their motive. caution: beware of those who intentionally spread misinformation as they have harmful ulterior motives! when a person, organization, or government wants to see america harmed and americans dead, i, being an american, consider their comments as a serious threat to americans, american interest and america's security. americans who doen't consider such declorations as a threat are either stupid/ignorant people or my enemy; there is no third option.
all the truth.in 1998 clinton said there were weapons of mass destruction..terrorist are americas greatest threat.  clinton swept the first bombing of wtc under the rug...the cia/intelligence failed the american people numnerous times.  america fights terrorist who  are the true infidels.  they will kill, behead, drag our bodies down streets every chance they can........americans, many are in total denial of how serious/evil terriorst in  iraq, iran, syria and other countries are. .it is amazing how americans can have such different views on our greatest enemies.   terrorist
one sided.i haven't seen a movie so one-sided since the contender. they didn't even try to make good arguments for the pro-gun side. i hate to use the term liberal bias but in this case it fits like a glove. the cards in this movie were so stacked against the defense team that by the end of the movie i felt like the gun companies were the underdogs. pure garbage.
worst movie i have ever seen....i really wish amazon would let you chose from negative numbers when it comes to rating stars. this movie is nothing but anti-gun propaganda. i have gotten up and walked out of better movies than this, but it was like watching a train wreck...i just had to stay for the end. you know, for those of you who don't know...firearms save far more innocent lives than they take every year, and mine was one of them. this movie cd might make a good coaster, but beyond that it is trash...some less than truthful "nra member" (yeah right) wrote..."i really liked and enjoyed this movie. the acting was excellent and the plot twists and action kept my attention. it will keep yours too, just give it a chance. sure, it was a little bit slanted against the gun industry, but they deserve it and need to be more responsible. i may buy the dvd to watch it again, but am overwhelmed with the movies i have bought from amazon.com and not gotten around to watching. however, i may add this to my collection!"..horse hockey. member of the nra? more like member of the micheal moore fan club. this was the worst movie i have ever seen. they even had to lie to get you in the theater, as nothing was mentioned about it being anti-gun in the trailers! and saying that it was "a little bit slanted" is like saying micheal moore is skinny and has never ate a cheeseburger or told a lie!!
take out your hunting knife and gut the book.never have i seen a movie violate a book so badly. john grisham's runaway jury is a moral microcosm of free will versus addiction, in which the widow of a life-long smoker takes on big tobacco in the courtroom. the movie runaway jury is a slapped-together suspense chase, in which the entire premise is changed into the widow of shooting victim taking on gun manufacturers...this movie is, at most, a caricature of the book, and not a flattering one at that. hackman transforms fitch's quiet menace into arrogant buffoonery; a man who waves his arms and throws phones at the wall. parts of marlee's life-altering past are tranformed into vaguely impersonal events. the most interesting aspects of the story--jury selection and nicholas easter's manipulation of the court--are grudgingly presented in minute-long montages in order to get back to the yelling and frantic running around...if i had never read the book, i would consider this a run-of-the-mill flick, rent-worthy at best. but knowing how atrociously the screenwriters have butchered the concept makes the movie all the more empty and sad. even if you aren't a lover of fiction, i highly recommend buying the book instead.
great acting ruined by politics.stellar performances by all actors and actresses involved in this movie are ruined by the sheer ignorance of the topic. not one single "fact" about guns contained in this movie was true and at the end of the film i had nothing but an overwhelming feeling that the bad guys had clearly won. what a crock
the cover looks familiar???.even though the show is on a downfall, hoping to end soon, the cover looks vaguelly familiar. oh, yes. it looks like friends. not only is one of the worst shows trying to look like one of the best shows, it doesn't help to copy artwork from the cover of a friends season dvd set
the aweful.the only reaosn this show gets more than one star is because at the very least you can see that money is spent on it. the presentation is solid..however,.if i wanted to watch (let alone buy) a series which is centered around a bunch of wanking rich kids i would walk around at the highschool i graduated from 7 years ago..its all the same uninteresting [...] that people escape come graduation time senior year..ive listened to scattered episodes from several seasons as background noise after whatever i was watching before it, but the show itself is aweful..like i said, a bunch of rich kids with nothing to gripe about, griping about nothing. bottom line: [...] happens. you either get passed it, or you dont..maybe my take on it is skewed by living (born and raised) in santa barbara ca which is about 2 hours north of the (real) oc, but is riddled with the same kinds of rich-kid problems..i would rather kill my time watching grass grow than sit down and actually watch this kind of dribble..do yourself a favor: read a book rather than buying the dvds of the o
very poor dvd of a wonderful movie.this is one of my all-time favorite movies, but i was very disappointed with the dvd version.  in the middle of the movie, you will have to get up, go to your dvd player, and flip the dvd over to the second side to see the rest of the movie.  i don't know what bozo came up with that idea, but it defeats the purpose of relaxing and enjoying a good movie.  who wants to get up and flip the dvd over in the middle of the suspense?  this format takes stupidity to the next level.  i would highly recommend the vhs since i have it and it's wonderful.  i would not recommend the dvd until they do a better version.  the packaging is in paper and not durable at all, another truly bad idea.  dvd's should be in plastic cases, not paper
sorry for the huge and famous cast.this movie comes from john grisham's novel of the same title. most of the actions taking place in the novel were also presented in this movie. the spotlight reviews goodly summarize the movie, even when i don't agree with their rankings...the first movie's problem is the character's personalities, less credible many times. one reviewer well said the fbi's personnel looks rather wimpy.  the merciless coal fletcher looks like a simple clerk while he is the real president in the novel. on the other hand, the novel's heroine (darby shaw) losses her strong personality but at the same time behaves in obnoxious ways. for example, in one scene, she asks her best female friend to spread a gossip in college but darby does not care whatsoever for her friend's safety as in the novel; darby even tells her that "it's not good for her (darby) to stay there". darby does all the opposite in the novel. next, her friend does all what she says, this not credible...the second movie's error is the way the show the events. for example, as i said fletcher is not portrayed as a tough way, there's even an scene where we see his seeing his family's picture at his desk, really charming; however he is still punished in the movie. any honest person who does not let to be impressed by the reputations of the actors and director should admit that the movie is not always understandable. i watched this movie right when released in 1992 and i didn't understand it but the huge julia roberts' success was on its highest so i didn't think much, just considered it was sort of boring. now, i read the novel, watched the movie again and understood the movie was flawed. in fact, all bad guys in the movie were only small fishes who chased darby. ..i also complain that the movie shows some misbehaviour as good ones. for example, in one scene the president asks the fbi chief (voyles) to stop a crime investigation. voyles offers to do it in exchange of favours. this is plain corruption yet the movie made it look like a cocktail party! in another scene one character (callahan) is about to start driving while drunk and darby only plays a little bit to stop him just to finally let him get on his car. ..the movie added a few action scenes the novel doesn't have, yet it is quite boring. the novel has less action, yet it is more exciting
anyone/anything would have been better.ok- so i can see there are some die-hard julia roberts fans out there.  too bad.  just raving about her will never improve her acting skills (an oxymoron). actually, the poor quality of this movie is astounding, considering its director, the cast (excepting our girl julia) and the book upon which it was based. though he's done some much better work, when pakula threw this film together he was clearly thinking of only one thing:  "hmm, 'presumed innocent' was a winner. let's follow that same formula and do another one. it'll sell." unfortunately, by the time the story from the book by john grisham got to the screen, it lacked any of its original punch.  as for denzel, he should be ashamed of himself. he's about as enthusiastic in this as a turtle heading for the beach. i guess he probably needed the cash for another house.  then again, he's opposite julia. no further comment needed  -other than, save your money
skewed perspectives, great if you are determined to hate wal-mart.i watched this movie with no particular bias about wal-mart. i understand this movie is made in the same way political ads are, where they try really hard to skew the facts to make the viewer have an emotional reaction to the half of the story that is provided. i think that for most people it is highly effective, but it didn't work for me.  i think this is an excellent movie to show as an example of skew, perspective, and propaganda...when they talk about the sweatshops in china and honduras i found myself --though i dont envy the workers-- laughing at the movie.  i used to live in china and i have been to many factories and the conditions that they make seem exclusive are universal over there.  it is the film makers and then the ex-employees (and they are assuming the viewers) who are putting their cultural assumptions about how sad it is that they work so hard and get paid so little, but in other countries that is a fact of life that has nothing to do with wal-mart. that is a cultural and governmental problem within the countries where the factories exist, not only a problem with wal-mart...the movie also discuss how wal-mart employees are a burden to the government because of the fact that wal-mart pays very  little and then suggests that it's employess go on public assitance, but the truth is that is the same for the fast-food companies and everywhere else that pays minimum wage and offers little benefits. ..i do believe wal-mart should morally proivide their employees with more wages and provide more full-time positions, but that is a business culture that expands well past wal-mart. i am a teacher who cannot work more than 17 hours a week so they do not have to give me benefits, but i don't see anyone trying to make movies to ban schools.
what a bunch of bull!.for those of you who are not sure where you stand on the big-retailer issue, this piece of pure elitist "culture of fear" rabidly pro-collectivist propaganda is junk. this dvd is wal-mart haters sewing together the most bald-faced microscopic disinformation in order inspire people to despise a corporation that has the power to restrict union organizing in their business. that's the whole enchilada for these spoil-sports..if you have any concern about issues relating to power, economic and social consequences, and the direction retail marketing is going, do not expect to get much out of this but some hitlerian diatribe about the evil empire of wal-mart..try reading some good articles or watching other documentaries, but if you're just too lazy to think for yourself and want to be sucked into this caricature of corporate hatred, by all means go over to the darkside, luke..i wish i could give this zero stars.
the second worst dinosaur movie.first off, special effects mean nothing compared to actual quality. but at least this is better than the abomination that was jaws...the only dinosaur movie i can think of that's worse than this is raptor, which consists of parts of the three carnosaur movies cut  pasted together...it has some redeeming feature in that ian malcom and john somedoy (i forget his last name... the guy who owns the park) were actually interesting characters. i guess steve speilberg finally realised that monster/animal attack movies only work when you have characters people are going to give a monkey's rear end about. unfortunately, the boring, stereotypical alan grant was the central character in this...if you want to watch a steven spielburg movie that's actually good, watch e.t. or something. or "the lost world: jurassic park" (even though recommending a sequel may seem lame, the sequel is a million times better than this)..if you want to see a dinosaur movie, then watch either the sequel to this movie, or arthur conan doyle's "the lost world". i would also recomend the 'carnosaur' movies but i think they're out of print...if you want to see a movie where sam neill plays an interesting chracter, watch 'in the mouth of madness' or 'triangle'..but definitely avoid this movie. the only reason i even own it is because it was sold in a box set with "the lost world: jurassic park
too true to life.i read the book when it was first published and then a friend had a son diagnosed with leukemia and went through the same thing as the mom in the book. fortunately he had a lot of advocates that pushed him to ignore the insurance company and his son finally found a donor match but it was too late. so i feared that this movie would not be up to the book. my fears were unfounded, the casting was brilliant and i loved this movie, even though it is tough to watch, i still catch it in reruns on the satellite occasionally and "must watch". that is how good it is
meh. just meh..you can find most of these dvds in one fell swoop on e-bay already if you use the search term "dvd lot" and you will end up paying about half the total cost. these are all warner bros snapcase dvds, by the way. yep, they come in those cases that drive everyone insane because they are cheap beyond a reasonable doubt. it wouldn't surprise me if half these titles are updated by warner with new 2-disc special editions (in awesome packaging) in the next 2 years or so. shop around, folks. these are the same movies you see countless times at your local pawn shop for half the cost here. there's nothing special here to be had, and chances are, you'll be paying for at least one title you don't want
enough of too much awready!.the population of hong kong is approximately 7 million people. i'd say that about half of them get shot in this movie. usually when a movie runs over 2 hours, it's because there's a lot of plot that the director wanted to squeeze in. in the case of hard boiled, the running time of 126 minutes was clearly necessitated by john woo's desire to get into the guinness book of records for "most people killed by gunfire in a single motion picture."..chow yun-fat is a charismatic actor who can bring a wonderful balletic grace to gunplay, and this movie gives him plenty of opportunity to show his stuff. he shoots (usually with a pistol in each hand) while diving headlong over furniture, while swinging from a rope, while sliding down a banister(!), while being hurled through the air by explosions. sometimes he even shoots while standing still. and he shoots, and shoots, and shoots. and the bad guys shoot, and shoot, and shoot. and yun-fat's fellow cops shoot, and shoot, and -- you get the idea...there are some fine action scenes in this film, but my eyes were glazing over long before it ended. there wasn't enough to distinguish one scene of a bunch of people being machine-gunned from the next, and it became painfully repetitious. ..personally i would highly recommend the replacement killers over hard boiled. there's plenty of yun-fat's balletic shoot-em-up action, but not so much that you find yourself in the odd position of being lulled to sleep by gunfire
it's ok..i only bought this one for the song by jerry orbach.  the first 2 dvds were better
ok.. but the other two volumes were way better.i have to agree with those who are disappointed with this 3rd volume.  highlights for me were "ragtime", and "how now, dow jones?"   my favourite item in the 3 volumes would have to be "let's take a glass" from dvd 2.  i love the original cast cd of "grand hotel", but never saw it on stage, so seeing this number alone was worth the all the bad items on the discs. ..let's hope they continue to show truly great performances from both old shows and new.  i look forward to reliving the amazing tommy tune choreography from "will rogers follies" that hopefully will be seen in a future collection.
worst teen romance flick i have seen.....whatever it takes.....this movie was not even worth my time in watching it.  i even heard it was so good i bought it and i hate it!  i love teen/romance movies but this one was not one i will ever watch again and struggled to get through the first time!..reading the synopsis will let you know just what the plot of this movie is.  my thoughts skip this one all together.
huh?.this wasn't the worst movie i have ever seen, but it left me just feeling sad that i spent money to buy it.  the characters are predictable, the plot is predictable.. well, i should have seen it coming. however, there are a couple of funny moments.  that's why i give this movie one star
okay movie.this movie is a borderline chick flick, definitely.  it is not an innovative movie but has some very funny characters.  but everything in this movie has been done before
middle road taken.i did not enjoy the movie as much as i thought i would.  they left out alot of the parts in the book where your mind could just picture it so clear and vivid.  i did this as a read aloud, slightly modified with my students.  i was really excited when i found a movie to go with it, and showed the class it.  it's rated pg, which for the material of the book is really a clue as to them leaving out alot of stuff.  my class enjoyed most of the book and felt the movie didn't do it justice.  i agree
dissapointed.ella enchanted has been my favorite book for years and when i heard that they were going to make it into a movie, i was estatic. i marked the movie release date on my calander, got my tickets in advance, and waited on pins and needles on the way to the theater...the movie was a huge dissapointment. while i wasn't expecting the movie to be just like the book, i certainly wasn't expecting that. while the movie itself was funny and an overall good movie, i hated it because it was absolutley nothing like the book. the only common thread i found were the names of the characters and the fact that ella was cursed from birth...i suggest that you go and read the book if you enjoyed the movie, it is far better with an increadible story line and an ending that still brings me to tears, despite the fact that i've read it over 100 times
awful!.ok so first lets get one thing strait this is one of the worst movies ever and thats about it.ok so i really liked the book and i was excited when i heard they were making a movie of it but then i saw it and didn't even end up finishing it it was soooooo bad they ruin everything nothing is the same...and when they go to the giant village there like belly dancing and ella is singing?????? alright that doesn't even sound good but theres a ton of other things as well but it would take to long to right it all down. i really sugest that you don't wast your time on this movie its not funny cute profitible not anything except bad. its a wast of time to watch this movie.
oy vey..oh, dear...this movie was an abomination.  why must directors insist on picking up books and deciding not to read them and make a movie out of them instead?  i can see why they would change a few plot and character points to make the book's storyline more marketable to the target moviegoers.  but honestly...there are many elements in the book that would have translated well to film that they left out and replaced with something cliched and unoriginal...and the film design!  bleh!  maybe it would be appealing to 5-year-old girls...but to me it looked garish, cheap, and...really fake.  the costuming was slightly better than our high school plays, and the sets looked frighteningly bright and animated.  ..i felt so much dumber after watching this movie.  i feel like i need an iq test...or a good book.  speaking of good books, ella enchanted is one of my favorites.  i don't know why i thought of that book just now.  i guess this movie vaguely reminded me of it...but not much
only for the advanced person.i am a fitness trainer myself and she does great workouts but they are fast paced. a very over weight person or a beginner would become discouraged. this is not what you want to purchase if you are just starting out
not worth the $.there are several things wrong with these dvds- 1. like other users have mentioned, the beat is off 2. the outside cover fails to mention that you need a step bench and weights 3. her banter does get a little annoying 4. and this is the biggest for me - the actual workout time is only 24 mins long! definitely not worth the $ ..i got the one minute workout (minna lessig) for the same price and find it a lot more interesting. ..the positives - these routines will make you sweat but are not for those with weak joints as many exercises place pressure on knees/ankles (lunges, jumping jacks, jumping kicks etc).
unconvincing.bought this movie because it rated 4 on average from other amazon customers and because i generally enjoy will smith's movies. while there are some funny moments i found the plot unconvincing and the characters (very) two dimensional. obviously this is meant to be a romantic comedy and i wasn't expecting any depth but this was supremely shallow. hitch the date doctor supports inept men in finding their dream partner, all the while he himself has not recovered from a traumatic college romance, so guess what, he has commitment issues. enter attractive journalist, who funnily enough also has commitment issues behaves in a totally neurotic fashion is incapable of adult conversation and because she has issues exposes hitch as the date doctor in newsprint, using the time honoured phrase, people deserve the truth, come on.........it's not politics. despite her behaving like a jilted teenager hitch discovers his deep love for her, and you can't help thinking that you yourself would be running a mile in his place. .i sat there wondering whether it would get better and waiting for it to end, if you want romantic comedy you could do better with something like guess who, meet the fockers, prime, or even the "old classics" you've got mail or return to me. but give this one a miss
so-so comedy.**1/2..in "hitch," will smith plays a modern-day henry higgins, who, for a tidy fee, will teach lessons of love to a bunch of lovelorn eliza doolittles - only, in this case, the elizas are grown men who desperately need instruction on how to win the hearts and affections of the women of their dreams. of course, the irony is that hitch doesn't adhere to his own formula, being a confirmed bachelor with no interest in entering into a serious relationship with anyone himself. until, that is, he meets the woman of his own dreams, sara, a new york city gossip columnist who has no idea what it is hitch does for a living...it occurs to me that, when it comes to certain movie genres - action movies and romantic comedies in particular - it would be helpful if we could inflict some kind of temporary amnesia on ourselves so that we could at least think we were watching something new and fresh and not something we've already seen a hundred times before. even the best romantic comedies can't entirely avoid paying homage to "the formula," and "hitch" is clearly no exception. as such, the film has some mildly amusing moments, some endearingly sweet scenes, and some cute little plot complications amidst all the sentimental clichs, lowbrow slapstick and tired stereotypes we generally find in these films. (i mean, do we really need yet another romantic comedy in which one of the heroine's co-worker sidekicks is a light-in-the-loafers, preposterously effeminate gay man?). it seems like every time "hitch" is about to win us over, it short circuits itself and loses us by going for the obvious...smith makes for a smooth romantic lead, but eva mendes doesn't always seem up to the challenge of her role, particularly when she is called upon to convey dramatic intensity. actually, of the performers, it is kevin james ("king of queens"), as an overweight klutz who has hired hitch's services to help him woo a beautiful blond heiress, who walks off with the film. even though he's only a supporting player, it doesn't take him long to assume center stage in the film, essentially relegating the leads to second banana status.
bad picture and sound quality.the picture and sound quality is very bad. it has not improved since the amos  andy shows were released on vhs. if they cannot be restored, a disclamer of the bad picture and sound quality should be published for the dvd and the price should be lowered significantly
to reviewers,  r.towles " nostalgia fan" and zagnorch.i enjoy reading everyone's reviews, and respect their opinions. to r. towles " nostalgia fan "; thank god for an african american who finally sees this show for what it is and reports that he feels so highly about amos and andy. it "erks" me to see so many people putting this show down, based on the fact that they feel it puts the african american race in a bad light. mr. towles sees what any thinking person sees, that this is a wonderfully funny show, with wonderful and talented actors who deserve to be watched and enjoyed by present day audiences as it was by past audiences. as he says, there are many shows now and in the recent past which are  similar to amos and andy, in content, and which have never been treated like this show. bill cosby went on a crusade to try and keep this show from being seen on tv, and it looks as if he will be successful for all time to come. thank god for their release on dvd..to zegnorch and his comment about these 44 "eppies" being all that are available. they aren't. depending on where you look and who sells them, some unethical, there are 71-73 tv episodes and the 2 cartoons and movie. amos and andy is the hardest show i have ever seen to find  reliable information on. after looking on every web site selling the shows, and finding that they differ in most everything they say about it, i have come to believe that the sellers will say anything in order to make a sell. saying theirs is the definitive collection, all available episodes are included, saying they sell only quality discs and others use dvd-r and dvd+r copies, to one seller admitting to me, in an e-mail reply to a question i asked him, that he sold copies he made on his home dvd recorder and sold them on e-bay. please be aware of these problems so ,hopefully, we can all get the very best copies of any program we wish to own. they are selling for anywhere from $24.99 - $300.00 per collection. some sellers are not telling the truth, in order to make money. i do not know anything about the quality, origin, or about the producer of this collection. buyer beware !
you get what you pay for!.this product was a bad choice for me. it was a poorly done product. it was washed out, the quality, both audio and video was terrible. it was not enjoyable to watch. the packaging was cheap quality. i should have known better. pay more and get a nice set, and a better product. don't try and save a few dollars if you want something to enjoy. paper sleeves make for a cheap copy.
dull and boring. this 'trick' should refund your money....like most indie gay themed movies, "trick" had quite a bit of buzz around it. a terrific movie with tori spelling! how could i not love it?  i loved "die mommy, die!", "girls will be girls", and "jeffrey". so i gotta love this too, right? right??..i found it cloyingly sweet and completely out of touch with reality. a hot go-go boy wants to hook up with a nerdy dweeb?   .uh... why??..so they spend the whole evening looking for a place to get busy.  and then it's one contrived situation after another getting in the way of their plans.  as much as i can't stand tori spelling's "acting", she's the only performer not phoning it in. (maybe she had an extra espresso before the shoots?)  what little life there is in this movie, it owes it to her...the problem is that both male leads are incredibly dull and not that good looking.  the "sizzling" dancer looked like bored monkey. and the soft, sensitive gabriel has no personality. why these two people continue to want to have sex with each other after six hours of roadblocks is a complete mystery.  i guess if go-go boy dropped the zero and found another guy (which wouldn't be too much of an effort for him), there wouldn't be much of a movie...a cameo by miss coco peru is a nice treat.  but she's lit so unflatteringly and gives a monologue so ghoulish, you'd think she was in a different movie...high expectations, very low gratification. honestly, skip it
speeding to hell.the story here dosen't matter. the main characters fuse into a missle of meth and insanity towards an explosive ending. scwartzman escapes his fate temporarily and murphy is blessed with a reprieve but rourke pays the full price for his evil concoction, meth. quirky directing and film editing can be somewhat distracting but not meaningless. roberts is so gay you want to smack his face. he an rourke have history on film and play out their familiarity. rourke is phenomonal again as an immoral genius, a role he plays better than anyone today in film. br
john tucker lives???.okay the person that puts this movie in the same catogory as "bring it on", "clueless", "mean girls" and, especially the superior "heathers".. is painting a false picture of what this movie is.. i'm sorry but, "john tucker must die" is no where close to being as sharp or clever as these other mentioned films. these other films have a balance that allows more adults to enjoy them as well as the intended target of younger teenagers. "jtmd" appeals more to that teen crowd and has older viewers wondering if this has anything new to offer.. and wonder is all i did. this film tries taking alot of plot lines and ideas from other teen films and brings them all together.. the results are one big mess. 2.5 stars is all i can give.. the other films mentioned above are the ticket. "heathers" = 5 stars. "mean girls" = 4 stars. "bring it on" = 4 stars. "clueless" 4.5 stars. all four of these movies have something that "john tucker must die" doesnt have..
another teen movie, by adults, that hates kids..never mind's that it's pretty stupid - "john tucker must die," like a lot of movies about high-schoolers, actually hates high school and just about everybody in it, and by extension, american kids; it's the kind of movie that, if parents caught an hour of it, would make them think less of their children for watching it, and to a fearsome extent, pretending to live it out. early in the movie one character, a cheerleader, remarks about stealing her mother's estrogen pills: "well, guys use steroids to build their pecs." that estrogen will do the same for the cheerleader's breasts is laughable, but considering the hot debate of steroid use among kids - considering kids have died or flown into abusive rages while using them - that could be most casual, sickening line of the year. ..but it is what to expect from hollywood screenwriters in their 30s who write exploitative trash for money then have the artistic gall to call it mild, girlie comedy - not unlike those fabulous "laguna beach" hacks who use insidious, and i mean insidious, editing techniques to create faux docudrama among teens with facial expressions and confused responses clearly mismatched, again and again in the sloppiest manner, to the previous line of dialogue. "jtmd" asks us to believe that the title character (jesse metcalf) simultaneously dates three women (ashanti, sophia bush, arielle kebbel) without them knowing it, is able to afford repeated dinners at the nicest restaurant in town, owns a great car, stays in four-star hotels for high-school basketball road games, and my personal favorite, owns and drives a yacht. he and his brother have no parents to speak of...neither do the three girls, unless you count the cheerleader's mom reference. one of them (bush) is an avowed 17-year-old vegan vixen, however. and when they discover they've all been dating the same guy in gym class, they get in a brawl and are not suspended, but sent to a 23-minute detention without a teacher...is this a satire, as "jtmd" bills itself? an edgy comedy? a smarter, cleverer film knows that teachers hand out discipline, in this post-columbine world, for looking at each other funny, and that a brawl would constitute the lead story in the six o'clock news. a cleverer film has the girls chase not a superstar athlete, but, say head of the drama club. a cleverer film recognizes teen humor is mined not out of blase, ultra-hardened brat girls, but sweet, emotional, sunny girls. a cleverer film would know a dark comedy, if that's what "jtmd" intends to be, can't have cheesy lines and yachts sitting around to be driven...instead we have a fourth, "smart" girl (brittany snow) is introduced as the girls' grand, "taming of the shrew" plan to woo john and eventually stomp his heart. this angel, of course, begins to fall for john, who is not particularly charming or interesting or anything beyond possessive and very wealthy, which are, if we follow our mtv, two of the trinity (the last being sheer, drop-dead cuteness emanating from those soulful eyes said guys must have, preferably brown) that makes up male desirability. director betty thomas pretends that humor are four very different idiots insulting each other over the cliques they belong to. ashanti gets the shortest end of the stick, adhering fiercely to the idea that cheerleading, in an empowered, open society that has a foreign hindu woman as ceo of pepsi, represents the canopy of female of achievement. go figure - you break the glass ceiling with a cheer pyramid!..we've been pounding this earth for years now. why do teens and young women still trail along, lapping it up? there is no real wit in the movie that you can't see from some third-rate comic being fed lines on a vh1 program, no style, no genuine attitude. it's all buried behind this driving notion of painting a portrait of a catty, young, rotten, unidealistic america most interested in getting tail, getting even and throwing s-uh-weet hoopty-rah parties. it is not immoral so much as it blank, a double zero signififying an unceasing period of meaningless motions to mimic, most involving self-debasement of young bodies. what fools hollywood sees our children to be, wants them to be. what numb, donkey fools. if you need more proof, jenny mccarthy has been cast as the voice of reason - and she's borderline believable. ..ya know, so much ugliness is spewed about "islamofascists," these manaical, stoneaged fiends who apparently can't tell you the sky is blue, spending most of their time taping martyr videos, finding mecca and concocting devices to destroy our way of life. consider, though, that one of the more recognizable items in muslim countries is the satellite dish . a year from now, this thing's on a movie channel, and well, whatever evidence terroritsts thought they needed to chart the american decline into shame, they've got it. not because it's absent morals, but humanity - the better for the terrorists to treat us as the faceless collateral damage they believe us to be.
it's horrible ... what a waste of time.don't sit and wait for this movie to get better, because it doesn't. the only worthwhile part is near the beginning when you get to watch brad pitt act like a lunatic (he plays the role of a psycho in a ward...very funny. but aside from that, the movie is pointless. aside from pitt, the acting is bad. this movie resembles a "b" movie. it's awful. time travel? but you never see it. and the whole 12 monkeys thing? it doesn't exist. very low budget. don't waste your time
warning!! not a happy ending!.if you are the type that likes happy endings, avoid this movie!  bruce willis dies and he doesn't save the world, and the journey to this depressing conclusion is no fun at all.  it reminded me of arlington road, where the terrorist uses the good guy to blow up the building at the end of the movie.  also, in this movie, the repetitive flashbacks to bruce's airport dream were overdone.  by the 3rd time, i was saying "i got it already", and by the 5th or 6th flashback i was ready to throw something at the screen.  in the featurette, terry gilliam said that he thought he had managed to snooker the major studios into producing a "european art movie".  he did, and i hate european art movies.  on the other hand, if you like such things, you'll probably like the film.  it was well acted
couldn't wait for it to end.i thought for sure i would enjoy this, but i found myself looking at the time and wondering when it would be over.  stowe is good as are the others, but the story just did not engage me
all about the benjamins gets all about nothing after awhile.yeah, ok, ice cube is a bounty hunter and mike epps is a criminal who ends up teaming up with him to defeat the badguys,am i right on that...right. the story is great but not that great. so many holes and so many stupid supporting characters doesnt make up for the seemingly endless movie with a taste in your mouth that sits there and then makes your mouth all icky, thats what it was like for me folks. god i almost fell asleep at that photo shootout and then the other one where at the end with the boat and superlame climax. put some thought into your head as you are about to watch this. for cube and epps and eva mendes fans only. and if you wanna see an old lady in a raincoat like coat with a thong bikini on it, then this is the film for you
i wanted to kill myself!.we must have reached the end of days. our civilization as we know it is over when films like these get made. what can i say, this home video is so amateurish it should not have ever found its way into my video store. because the premise sounded promising and the cast was decent, i gave this title a try. mistake! big mistake! the film is a random compilation of pointless scenes, dwelling on the melodramatic life of paul rudd, who because he failed as an actor, wants to kill himself. yet i am never given any believable insight into his soul nor do i care about his failure. this is some of the whiniest filmmaking i have ever seen. who ever made this film is trying too hard to be heard, although apparently has very little to say
garbage.i think producer mo ramchandani should be commended for his integrity in honestly reviewing his own film.  this is rare in an industry that is proliferated with bald old men who are more interested in turning a profit than producing a good film.  this was by far the worst film i have ever seen, i urge anybody on this page not to waste their time.  director sean mcginly should have been fired on the first day of shooting and replaced with anyone, even a farm animal, and then maybe the psycholgical complexities of suicide would have been better explored.  i look forward to more from producer mo ramchandani, its clear he's not going to make teh smae mistake twice!!!!
terrible.i tend to agree with mo ramchandani's review, this is a terrible film and given that it went straight to video is a miracle, it really should have gone straight to radio.  what is interesting is how our friend albert made the connection between mo ramchandani who reveiwed the film and mohit ramchandani who produced two days, could they be the same person, pherhaps, but what is more obvious is that albert is really an alias for acclaimed director sean mcginly continues promoting his film.  i am a huge fan of mcginly's other work starring karl wiedergott "the truth about juliet".  sheer genius!!  speaking of strange charcters, how would albert come to the conclusion that mo ramchandani is filing a petty grieveance, could he not juts be an honest producer who has gone on to bigger and better things???
what a sad world we live in..they say that art reflects society and it is no wonder that bush is president and the whole world has gone mad killing each other over religion when movies like two days are made.  the film is the worst i have ever seen by far, a motiveless paul rudd who gives a terrible performance tries to convince us that he wants to kill himself cause he cant get work as an actor in sunny la and afford a bmw, this in itself is a flawed idea but trust me when i tell you it sinks lower than dolly partons [...] as the story, or lack there off, unfolds.  no real characters, just cliche's, absolutely no direction whatsoever, nothing is achieved visually just a bunch of talking heads that fail to convince us of anything else except what fools we were for watching this film.  by the end of it i wanted to kill myself in couldnt wait two days!!! who made this film????
hard to find dvd.this romantic comedy was charming, funny, and clever. i recommend it to anyone who doesn't have a problem with heavy british accents. (if you do, try it with captions). it was fun, funny, and a nice pick-me-up when one needs a lift
i love the show, the dvd's are another story!.hello.i won't sell you on the show-it's one of my favorites, and you can read other's opinions there.  what i will say is that we are having a horrible time finding copies that play without scattering immages, or freezing up the player.  so far we've had to return episode one 2 times (one time it came with 2 identical discs (i.e one disc one, two discs two, and one disc 4), we've had to return season 2 and 3 for reasons that they're not playable.  it will play fine on one disc, then the next disc it crashes, pixilates, or won't load at all.  we don't have this problem with any other movies.  so, beware, watch all the episodes before you put it on your shelf, and be prepared (and if you are a true fan, you will do this) to keep on trying until all the discs work.  all that i can figure is that they weren't sure they'd sell (big mistake) and made them cheap.  what a shame. .good luck
to succeed in life buy a book on "how to".first i saw the stage play then too long ago saw the movie.from the opening scene where our "hero" turns the page of the book on "how to succeed in business" you start smiling and think : oh yes! if only in real life it was so easy. then you are swept in our hero cunning and.coniving ways to get to the top. love him or despise him,you are hooked..great songs,great sets,great film.loved it when he meets another ladder climbing opponent and the clever way he beats him,also the scene with the knitting is quite so over the top you cannot help yourself but love the guy. top marks. lf.ps my mark was for 5 stars.somehow it was saved with only one star
letdown.i was very disappointed with this dvd. the last reviewer was spot on in their review. if you just want to see and hear some of these celebs talking, then get this dvd, but if you want more insight as to the photos, how they're taken, etc. then don't waste your money on this
paul walker finally yields his throne to....... tyrese gibson, for worst actor ever.  up to this point, i've been a huge paul walker fan for his comedically bad acting.  he's made a career of it.  in this one, his impressive acting techniques involve the use of the word "bro" at least 75 times (to give his character street cred), and thoughtfully rubbing his chin during meetings with the other cops - it's clear walker is deeply considering his plight.  but really walker can't hold a candle to the absolutely atrocious acting of tyrese gibson.  my god where did they find this guy?  the movie would've been ok as a standard, mindless action film, but it really was ruined by the 6th grade drama club acting...now you might be wonderning: who's the genius who decided to put these two together in a movie?  but wait, there's actually method to this madness.  since their was no vin diesel, the director knew he had only paul walker left.  and it's well known that walker cannot carry a film (see "timeline").  so what to do?  of course!  find an actor even worse than walker and cast them together!  all of the sudden walker doesn't look so terrible, because everyone's focusing on this other chump.  and apparently it worked, because a lot of people enjoyed this film, and there's even a sequel.
what in the hell is this? this deserves no stars what so ever!.one hell of a waste of money! if you are expecting alot of the same charectors from the first movie like i was, you are in for a hell of a disappointment! the only reason why i think the first one was bad ass is cause vin diesel was in it, and yeah it was totally bad ass! i'll tell you one thing that this damn thing has in common with the first movie is that the only real cars were destroyed, in this movie you get two real cars this time, a 1969 camaro ss, and a 1970 dodge challenger r/t and they both get destroyed! who in their right mind would destroy those sexy cars! god all mighty! don't waste your money on this movie, i wouldn't take this disappointment if it was given to me! if you are wanting to buy a kick ass movie, buy frost bite! you won't be disappointed
about as entertaining as watching michael jackson dry-hump howdy doody.i would love to see the cast of this movie dressed up as hot dogs and thrown into a cage with star jones and marv albert..(...
dragon fly.i paid for the movie and never received it nor did i get my money back from amazon.co
one of the worst band documentaries ever....i bought this dvd because i really adore the strokes.  good music, good people, good style...not so good documentary.  whoever made this video should not make anymore at all!  the strokes were not even in this besides very few pictures  10 second clips of them  the "exclusive interviews" were not that exclusive.  no sound from any of the strokes  no interviews with them...i can go on.  i mean c'mon...a documentary of the strokes should at least have the strokes in it, right
watch you talking about willis?.the story of the strokes is the story of wealth and privilege, and its endless amounts of free time to be arty and practice trying to act like lou reed and vu riffs.  this was made without rca, and so lacks strokes music.  ..the band apparently wanted nothing to do with it, it is practically diy, with no interviews.  this just shows what a bunch of brats they are not to support this project.  their 2nd album sucked anyway
i wish it was good.this dvd sucks. im a die hard strokes fan and expected the dvd to open up with some strokes music or and interview or two.there is absolutely no strokes music and they have a few like stock photos of them doin their thing live but other than that this dvd is a complete letdown.do not waste ur money go buy their two albums instead
music from the strokes? no. interviews? no. good dvd? no..it's just one of those things you end up watching at 3 in the morning. but skip this one. you should be sleeping..i am a die-hard strokes fan so when new york stories came out, i had to have it. much to my disappointment, it turned out to contain no music by the strokes, or interviews with any members of the band. .if you still feel like you need to see this dvd, don't pay more than $5 for it. you have been officially warned
macgyver on stupid pills.as mentioned in another review, stolen scenes from runaway train. not just clips, but entire scenes. also the plane crash scene from cliffhanger. still worth $3 - $4 for a dvd just for the other action
worst movie i ever saw.i have seen some bad ones in my day but this is the worst. i couldn't believe i wasted 2 hours of my life on it..they literally stole scenes from runaway train in this. not the ideas, they stole the filmed scenes. the train kept going from one engine to the four in rt. the continuity was a joke. had a semi truck go from tandem axle to single back to tandem..seems like some of the actors must have had a house payment coming up
don't be quot;conquot; vinced into watching this.to be honest with you i thought the movie was really bad. the acting was ok but the only good part about the movie was that ricky (rodney eastman) was in the movie. (for about 5 mins) but i would not suggest renting this movie and waisting 4 dollars
insert pun with word "con" here...."con express" has lots of action in it, which is great because this hides the poor writing and uninteresting characters. unfortunately, the action isn't enough, and in between stunt pieces and shoot-outs, the audience is tempted to doze off. city heat productions isn't really known for producing films of the highest quality, so usually i go easy on them. if this were a big-budget company producing this, i'd be inclined to pan it entirely. but i wasn't expecting much and got a little more than i bargained for. the action is, for the most part, pretty good but nothing competitive with your usual dumb action movie. flanery and vosloo are perfectly casted, but everyone else seems to stiff to add any more flow to the movie. vosloo especially appears to be enjoying himself as an over-the-top bad guy hijacking a train containing deadly chemicals. the film moves fast and contains shades of better movies like under siege 2, con air, spy game, and speed. if you liked those, you probably won't mind this one too much. just go easy on it
larry clark craps again.this movie depicts the said goings on of rich kids with too much time on their hand. once again larry clark delivers a film which is nothing more than for him to see a bunch of teen kids naked. it's kids but with a murder plo
bully clark..the most simple definition of [...] is sexual gratuitousness. sexual imaging for the sake of turning people on, not providing anything pertinent to the plot...you can't help but get a porno feel while watching bully. and to think i was supposed to be viewing a film about teenage revenge on the local bully; but it turns out to be a soft porn version of how vapid teenagers waste away their lives with a little killing thrown in...was it really necessary to show a shot of a girl's crotch while she's driving a car? was it necessary to have a sex scene or nudity scene or drug scene every 3 minutes? you can't help but see the director as a pervert who is more preoccupied with sex and street cred grittiness than telling a good story. the very first scene is of a guy having phone sex...several things about this movie other than the [...] made me mad:..1. you're planning to kill somebody, then proceed to tell everybody, including the waitress at pizza hut what you're planning...2. after you kill, you're so afraid of being caught that you proceed to put more suspicion on yourself by acting very strange and telling even more people what you did...3. which makes more sense? to decide to kill a guy because he disrespects you and beats you up occasionally and has sex with your girlfriend, or, to stop hanging out with him completely and stop lending your girlfriend out like a wh-ore. bobby never put a gun to the guy's head to make him hang out with him, yet murder was the only option?..4. i can't believe mr. wimp who never fights back can all of a sudden muster the strength to slit a guy's throat while he's staring him blankly in the face begging for his life...5. all of the characters
do we really need movies like this?.from the opening line of "bully" (in which 'marty' explicitly mentions oral sex) i knew i wasn't going to like this film. thank goodness i saw it on hbo and didn't waste my money on a rental..once again, we have another movie about dysfunctional upper-middle-class white families, in which the kids are a bunch of spoiled, drug-abusing, potty-mouthed brats, with parents that are nothing more than over-indulgent, inneffectual, clueless dolts. wow, what a stretch for an "indie" film..although this movie is based on a novelized "true" story by reporter jim schutze, about a murder that took place in florida, the screenwriter and director seem only halfway interested into getting into the minds of the kids that committed this horrible crime, wasting the other half of the movie with scenes of gratuitous sex and full-frontal nudity that gives this movie the feel of a kiddie-porn flick that's intended to appeal to [...]..on top of that, the girl who instigated the murder was described in shutze's book as chubby and plain, while the film makers took "artistic license" in their casting of cute, petite little rachel miner as lisa. i guess the director figured that a chubby girl couldn't incite a good-looking young boy to kill for her, even though that's what happened in the book! or perhaps the film makers wanted a pretty-looking young girl for all the teeneie nudity the role required..at the of the sleaze-fest is a violent murder, and director larry clark is uncompromising in his portrayal of the brutality of the act. bobby (the 'bully') is reduced from a sadistic, foul-mouthed closet [...] to a screaming baby, begging for his life as he is repeatedly stabbed. ultimately, his best friend marty cuts his throat. murder is a horrifying, messy act, and director clark gives you a bird's-eye view of what a real murder may look like. this 5 minute scene should be clipped and shown to any kid that's considering committing such an awful act. it is truly hard to watch..other than that, the film is just trash. larry clark could have effectively made all of his points without all the graphic sex, nudity, dirty language, and the [...] dildo scene in bobby's bedroom. what hurts the film's believeability even more is the stereotypical treatment of the kids' parents as disconnected morons who act as unknowing enablers to these kids' rotten lifestyles. liberal film-makers love to blame the parents, and not a pop culture environment that glorifies sex, drugs, and violence, teaching our kids disobedience, in spite of all that parents try to do to counteract this onslaught..the 5 minute scene portrying the murder of bobby kent should be used as part of a 'scared straight' program for wanna-be gangsters. the rest of the movie belongs in the dumpster...'nuff said'
well intentioned, but not well rounded.i wanted to like block party. i dig chappelle's comedy, i like most of the musical line up, and have read lots of great reviews of this film; so, i expected to enjoy this movie more than i did (anticipating maybe 20-30 total minutes of chappelle doing new stand up material between the music sets). i found the block party's paucity of its host's performance disappointing. given, it's called "block party," but it's still reasonable to assume that the "dave chappelle's" part indicates that dave will actually give a performance during it. maybe "dave chappelle hosts a block party featuring mostly other performers" would be a more apt title. ..the musical guests gave great performances -- those watching mostly for the music aren't likely to be disappointed..those watching for the comedy, however: be prepared for a lot of music and a few human interest clips with locals in dave's ohio town and at a brooklyn daycare -- not dave performing any new stand up material or skits. ..the great reviews this film got in most media aren't for new chappelle comedy material, rather for the movie's concept, message, and music.
rented it... couldn't even sit through the whole thing.if you're a fan of chappelle's humor...don't bother.  yes, he paid for it, but he's abusing his reputation with this one to the point of fraud.  no standup  a few rehashed liners from the show he bailed on...if you're a fan of hip hop  soul, just buy the cds of the artists!  no full sets and obnoxious cuts into pointless commentary.  if you're looking to be haughty as a fan of 'whatever that documentary from '73' was called, that's cool.  if you're waiting to actually be entertained, this disc is busted.  i love soul, but this fails to satisfy
typical wackness.how in the world that dave chappelle blew up in the first place is a real mystery?? so now that he choked a 50 million dollar pay day away he got smartknows he doesn't deserve half the attention he has gotten in the first place. this is a insult to wattstaxx. that documentary from 1973 was important this is just a mess.  the music acts on here are lame as well. you want the big acts  of today not no milk carton, has-beens or non-hit having acts.  the only thing funny about this film is that it got madewas released. glad his corny show is no more. good riddence. this movie is equally bad as well.
gentle ways to train your dog.i was pleased at the methods used to train your dogs from puppy to mature dogs.  it covers several different styles of training, clicker and others. i would highly recommend it as a excellent resource in your inventory of training methods.  i am using it on my 9 week old rat terrier and he will fetch, come sit and down with a little help and yes even shake hands
good information, but not enough.the training methods taught on this dvd are easy to use and work well. i just don't feel it is complete enough as far as whole training. it is basically just a dvd about training animals tricks. it doesn't train you how to house train a puppy. it also doesn't give you any ideas about training dogs on something other than what is on the dvd. the dvd also gets kind of annoying with the dogs point of view clips. luckily you can skip these. i personally would not recommend this, but if you have an adult dog that you just want to get it to heal or sit or lay down this dvd will teach you a real quick learning technique.something else i did like is the fact that they teach using very kind procedures toward the animals. i was able to teach my blue healer pup (abby) to sit, lay down, come and heel in about 3 tries each. i liked the techniques, but it just seems its more of a trick dvd than a full training dvd.
misleading.i thought this video was a cesar milan dog whisperer video.  i was linked to it by the amazon suggestions on the cesar milan book page.  very disappointing
not cesar yet paired with cesar millan tv show dvd.i searched out cezar millan and got his tv show and it was paired with this dvd.  the author was only listed ad dog wisperer.  very disapointed at amazon for this type of pairing.
this item borders on false advertising.i did a search for cesar milan (known on tv as the dog whisperer) and a number of items came up including this one. for author it just says "by dog whisperer". well this isn't by cesar at all. it's a complete piece of junk. don't buy this
don't  waste your money.the writers used the character names, and the book name, but nothing else.the explanation of the 3 laws was ridiculous.the art work of the robots was good.will smith did his usual fantastic job as an actor, but the writers gave him poor material and where comedy was called for it went over like a lead balloon..i robot is part of a series of asimov books resolving around both human and robot characters.  the human and the robot both evolve and explore the meaning of life and humanity.  none of this appeared in the movie
go home smith.this is a terrible missues of one of asimovs greatest novels. the relevance to the novel is only marginal.  .will smith is (as usual) doing a terrible job at being an action hero. he should have stayed with the sit-coms
garbled philosophy.(2.5 stars).first time director steve pink has written the screenplay for two wonderful films, high fidelity and grosse point blank, so as a director, i would imagine that he would have to read the script before deciding to make a film.  either he had a case of blindness the day he read the script, or he didn't read it at all.  also, he didn't take the time to research writers adam cooper and bill collage, who, while still relatively new to the game, hav been responsible for one of the worst films of the decade (2004's olsen disaster, new york minute).  being said, accepted isn't the worst film of the decade, nor is it even remotely in the worst films of the year category.  rather, accepted is a seriously ambitious film, with a plot "as thin as nicole richie on a fad diet", to quote richard roeper.  that statement couldn't be more on the money.  to retread other reviewers, at the beginning of the film, sherman schrader (played by jonah hill, whose thirty second role in the 40-year old virgin was hysterical) says to main character bartleby gaines (justin long, of such bad films as herbie fully loaded and waiting...) "this will never work."  and it won't.  there are holes in every part of the film's design.  none of this will ever work.  it's impossible.  so, then, i pose the question: why make a film out of a plot that would in no way shape or form ever work?  and please don't answer my question with some stock answer like: "well, it's escapism.  it doesn't need to work."  which may be true, in some cases, if the screenplay is written properly.  accepted's is not.  every character (with one exception; more on him later) is a complete stock character, drawn from every teen/college movie ever made.  bartleby is the slacker type, who, done right (see ferris bueller), can actually be funny.  there is schrader, the fat kid that gets picked on, and in this film, made to dress like a sperm, a hot dog, and scores of other things.  there is the tomboy, or rory in this case (played by maria thayer, of the wonderful "strangers with candy"), who nobody seems to see as a beautiful woman (and she is very beautiful), but as one of the guys.  also enter the token black guy (to use terminology from not another teen movie), hands (played by columbus short).  of course, no "main gang" character list would be complete without the wierd kid that nobody understands, or in accepted, glen (adam herschman).  the film is also riddled with gross out humor, and to keep quoting richard roeper (from his review of waiting...), "you can do gross out stuff and still be funny, but it has to have some decent dialogue and characters."  so, you ask, why am i generously giving this film 2.5 stars if it seems like i hate it so much?  well, accepted does have some irresistable laughs, and it sort of grew on me, but only because of the things it has to say about the education system.  in college, you are required to take high cost classes that you don't really want to take, but are forced to anyway.  why not let kids take a numerous amount of classes to figure out what they want to do, and still have it count for their degree?  but, the way bartleby and his gang go about it is too loose for college freshmen.  if freshmen had as much freedom as this college allows, they would be passed out every night and never actually learn anything.  there are more kind of commonsensical things that the film says about our seriously damaged educational system, but i'll let you discover it on your own.  the only thing that kept me in the theater long enough to hear some of the insights was the what had to be improvisation of the brilliant lewis black.  there is absolutely no way that these screenwriters could have written such brilliant rants and raves.  it had to have been improvised, and besides, if you have listened or seen any of black's stand-up shows, his dialogue sounds much like his philosophies.  black plays ben lewis (aptly named dean lewis), schrader's ill-begotten uncle, who used to be a college dean, and now works in a shoe store.  it isn't long and lewis is fired and helps in bartleby  gang's plot to start a college.  with all of this information, i leave the decision to you.  weigh heavily the points i have outlined and determine if you want to spend nine or ten dollars to see this in the theater, or if it might be better to wait for it to come out on dvd.  i can't really lean either way; this is definitely a personal taste film
watch out!.be careful with this video if you have any neck, back or shoulder problems
doggie cuts what?.i wanted this dvd to help me with grooming my poodles, but that was a joke..if you need help with bathing your doggie this is the dvd to purchase. if you  want cutting instructions there are some but, nothing that will help a novice overmuch..my rating this is an overpriced bit of nothing
not for the beginner.i was hoping for a beginning lesson on grooming my dog - just the basics.  this is more styling and tips, for those who are already using grooming tools and know what to do.  this would be useful for someone wanting to improve their grooming skills, but not very useful for a beginner
a devoted murder she wrote fan but dvd quality is not good.i came here to amazon recently intending to buy this dvd boxed set as i love murder she wrote and would like to be able to stop missing episodes when they are aired on television. after reading all of the comments about the poor dvd quality i decided instead to check this second season out from my local library before purchasing it. aaargh! ..my all-time favorite episode is "keep the home fries burning" and i couldn't even watch the entire show before the dvd froze up. i tried wiping the disc off several times with a flannel cloth but that did no good whatsoever. i also tried fast-forwarding past the glitch but i couldn't. then i tried selecting the scene after the problem place but the disc froze there, too, and i could not move from the scene selection page. ..here's something strange! my son belongs to a well known dvd-by-mail rental company and he ordered one of the msw discs for me as a surprise. it came yesterday ( the company only allows you so many dvd discs out at a time depending on your rental plan) well, the disc they sent is one of six, not three as in the box set and it is not a double-sided dvd! i'm wondering if maybe universal made these one-sided discs especially for this company. everything else on the dvds looks the same, only they are not two-sided. ..the disc my son rented for me was from the first season and it played beautifully. i guess i'll just keep renting these discs from this company without purchasing the boxed sets. i don't understand why the one-sided discs aren't being sold in the boxed sets. ..murder she wrote is a wonderful and delightful program and one i always enjoy watching. i hope this dvd quality problem is fixed soon as i would still love to own these sets
good series, awful dvd.i bought this for my mom who enjoyed the series and i found that i actually enjoyed it also.  the one problem, and a big one, is that the dvds are defective.  i tried playing them on three different players and the results were the same.  the pixels were messed up on several of the shows and, in two cases, stopped playing altogether.  a couple of the shows could not be watched to the end because they would start and stop and then eventually stop completely.  returning the item is too much of a headache so we decided to let it go.  i also purchased seasons 1 and 3 for her and have no such problems.  one i believe i purchased through amazon and the other elsewhere.  we just decided we will be purchasing no more boxed sets in this series.
murder she wrote - the complete second season.i was a real fan of the series when it originally aired and have continued watching it in reruns on cable stations.  i purchased the first season at a local discount store, so when i found the second season on amazon, i jumped at the chance to buy it.  i still enjoy the program, but the quality of these dvd's is questionable.  very often while viewing them, the picture is scrambled (similar to a bad satellite signal).  this greatly reduces my plesaure in viewing the dvd's.  so much so that if i could easily return them, i would
poor dvd release of a great series.......once again, universal gives a good tv show, a terrible release on dvd.  as with their other tv shows and now some of their movies, the picture and sound have improved but there are no bonus features.  in some cases, the shows were cut and paste edited, some of the music was changed, and the dvd's still freeze frame in the middle of the show and the dvd player unfreezes the frame by going back to the show's opening titles. what gives?!   i have seen bare bones releases and second rate dvd's releases from other companies (most notely with disney and warners), but universal also is rapidly joining the list of companies that corner the market with bad and defective dvd standards.  all i can do is stop watching tv shows or movies made by universal, because now it is more then likely that they will give them bad dvd releases that are not worth my time or money
murder she wrote--second season.the disks in this set are double sided and there are problems.  one or two of the episodes are unreadable.  we returned the first set, which had an entire unreadable side on one of the cd's.  the replacement was better, but not perfect.  the single sided cd's in other sets are much better and highly reliable as to quality.  double sided just have built in flaws and i wish they would discontinue them.
take a little thx-1138, add some logan's run... oh, and michael bay....what do you get? well, a lawsuit for plagiarism, but that isn't what i'm going to talk about here...the island started pretty well. production design was great. the story was intriguing. very nice job of introducing questionable elements into the 'perfect society'. i thought michael bay was going to surprise me. the product placement was irritating and cheesy, but i could live with it. while the writing was pretty corny, it was still nice to see michael bay trying something a little different for him. something smarter. but once our heroes escape, the movie nosedives. it felt like two completely different movies were tacked together...as i said, i was enjoying the beginning. the survivors of an unspecified "contamination" dwell within a sterile, self-contained city. their happiness and well being is paramount to those in charge. they are watched over and coddled. they have no real concerns. they live a life of leisure while holding out hope that they will be the next lottery winner, which promises them a one-way trip to the island, the last uncontaminated place on earth. ..once you discover the truth, the rest of the movie degrades to non-stop car and foot chases. explosions, shattered glass and twisted metal and lots of running and yelling fill out the last hour and a half or so...i'm all for action movies. loved die hard and many schwarzenegger movies. it's that the over-the-top action seemed so out of place with this particular story. it seems to me that if i was the head of a company and its' future was up in the air because some damaging information was stolen, i wouldn't think that the best solution would be to send a heavily armed militia through crowded downtown los angeles to retrieve it. for the story that was being told, some hitchcock style suspense would have worked much better...like i said, the start was promising. then the movie switched gears. after about an hour i was just wishing the movie would end already. i've read that this is michael bay's best movie yet. that may be, but it sure doesn't say much for him as a director...i've just found out that this movie was plagiarized from 'the clonus horror'. that one got the mst3k treatment, but i'm betting that i'll still enjoy it more than this movie
if you think you've seen it before.......you have. this film has been compared to "logan's run", "the matrix", and "coma", to name a few, but it most strongly resembles 1979 b movie "parts: the clonus horror", probably most widely screened by viewers of movie mock-a-thon "mystery science theater 3000". sitting through "the island", i kept thinking to myself "boy, this looks familiar." in fact, "the island" is almost a complete, play-by-play clone (ba da ching!) of "parts", right down to the outfits worn by the clones. there is currently a lawsuit against bay brought by the makers of "parts", which should be an open-and-shut case. .this film is set in a futuristic clone colonie, where the wealthy and influential pay top dollar to keep copies of themselves available for spare parts. the clones are kept docile and in the dark by the facility's employees, not allowed to leave until they are selected to go to an almost mythical paradise (the island). of course, the clones allegedly going to the island are actually being euthanized for their organs, their patrons having gotten sick. the movie focuses on a male clone who questions his environment and eventually brings down the enterprise. ewan mcgregor is satisfactory in this role, his acting reasonably good despite the bland dialouge. his female counterpart, scarlet johansen, is pure eye candy, a mediocre actress who happens to be a knockout blonde but leaves you wondering if she would get the lead (or even a major part) in a college play (the best performance is turned in by sean bean, the evil scientist.)there is plenty of action for the viewer to chew on, making for an entertaining enough popcorn movie, but it is not only nothing special, it is nothing original. maybe worth a rental, but not much more
a real drag.i saw this movie years ago, but didn't remember much about it, except some of the songs, and the basic story.  i also saw "nights of cabiria", from which the story was taken. i love musicals, and i .think shirley maclaine is very talented.  she is very sweet as charity hope valentine, and one can't help wanting a happy ending for her.  so why did i think this movie was awful? first of all, some of the dialogue was so repetitious it became irritating-- how many times can you listen to charity say "fickle finger of fate" over and over without wanting to hit the mute button?  also, some of the scenes went on and on and on-- especially the elevator scene.  and-- the intermission was totally unnecessary. but the worst disappointment for me was the musical numbers. i didn't like any of them--- they were so far over the top as to be silly.  bob fosse must have thrown everything into them that he could--- instead of letting the dancers and the songs carry the numbers, he had so much busyness in all of them-- too many people, costumes that didn't fit the story, silly moves-- and they all went past the point of enjoyment.  i fast forwarded thru.a couple of them just to get them over with.  i have never done that before with any movie. this could have been so much better-- the story was good, the charactors were good-- but the whole thing should have been toned down. the movie could have been 30 minutes shorter if there had been some trimming. it was entirely too long.   also--- all that stop action-- what was that all about? i know, i know-- it was to show the progress of the story, but it was a distraction..i didn't like the movie and was glad when it was over.
love affair - just another updated classic that didn't  work.many of the reviews i read felt strongly in favor of this remake, but some of the people had not seen "an affair to remember".  cary grant  deborah kerr had the spark so lacking in this "love affair" remake.  the original "love affair" with (forgive me, i can only remember irene dunne as terry, and my opinion that film was not as good as this "love affair", however. i missed hearing the original scoring of "an affair to remember", but annette benning's music with the children was lovely...as most of the reviews that stated they were in favor of "an affair...", i missed the climactic ending with cary grant's reactions, and also the shipboard scene where he want's to be "worthy of her love".  ..i don't wish to underrate or "dump" on this film, but i wish all reviewers would watch the grant/kerr version just once.  i believe they will become "old movie buffs" too.  thanks for reading my review
snore..don't let the cover fool you, this film isn't half as fun as you may hope it is. maybe it's my own fault, but i was expecting something more like "groove", or at least something interesting to watch. and it's not for my lack of knowledge of the bands, i often listen to joy division/new order/happy mondays, and more from that scene. however, this seemed much more like the story of tony wilson and the factory, than it did about the music, and almost came-off as a documentary. i almost stopped watching it out of boredom, but saw it through anyway. now i wouldn't call this bad, it had it's good parts, just not many.
poorly done mocumentary.24-hour party people is a mocumentary at the lowest rung (if best in show was not enough) that tries at many times to be funny but is mostly in poor taste. the british scene in the 1980's was influential and at the height of the 2nd brit wave, and michael winterbottom could have exposed the goings-on in a much better way. ..my main issue with this film was it's attempts at being funny in a hip-britster fashion that falls flat constantly since the issues occurring are very serious. the dialogue is difficult to follow especially since most of it is meaningless anyway, and the film never really follows it's premise as much as it should: the rise of factory. i did really enjoy the joy division segments, though, even if exploiting ian curtis's death was slightly in poor taste. ..unless you're a fan of the brit explosion of the post-punk era, and an extreme fan at that, i could not recommend this film. it's not even greatly educational for music lovers and at times very difficult to get into.
the can be written for a democrat, or republican.for that matter it can be written for any party candidate that wants the truth of his/her dirty secrets covered up. i feel that it's the most insulting film to be released. it hides the fact that we as citizens, and our government don't really care about who we stick in office. if the party lines up with what we believe in screw the fact he had to cover something up. i can't fathom why we continue to fall for this all the time, and believe me i don't feel it's right to air it all over the news either. i feel that it comes down to the man, and if he does have the values his/her party believes in then he will do the honorable thing, and own up to his/her mistake. this movie is just another nail to drive into the justification that it's alright to cover things up, and there are no absolutes, or rights or wrongs. wht happens when we tick off the wrong person who's rich? do we wait until then to change the moral? that's pathetic, and so is this movie
a poor man's "dick".i'm sorry, but this movie is clearly nothing more than and overdramaticized and historically inaccurate retelling of the story much more riotiously and enjoyably portrayed in the film "dick." "dick" is funny, this is not. i'm sorry, but dustin hoffman simply does not have the acting chops to stand up to someone like kirsten dunst (or that level of indefatigable cuteness)...just go rent "dick" instead. you'll thank me, yourself, and those fine ladies who saved our country
only for the scenery.this film got one star for the scenery.  of the 135 minutes it was 130 minutes to long and of wasted time.  don't waste your time with this one
boredom  revisionist history - bad combination.my husband and i are both history and literature buffs, so we were excited to watch this film when it was released to dvd. we aren't typically hard people to please, but this film was one of the most boring movies that i've seen to date. it's not that i don't appreciate artistic, visually stimulating movies - that have a point. perhaps, assuming we all knew the story already, the director wanted to impress us with over two hours of lingering shots on grass, water, trees...and more trees. apart from the lack of any foreword momentum whatsoever (though i will grant the last 45 minutes or so were interesting and possibly worth the slogging required to arrive there), this movie represents revisionist history at its worst. here we are presented with an idyllic, practically un-fallen and un-corrupted view of the noble savage juxtaposed against the muddy, disgusting, conniving white man. perhaps the writer forgot some of the more violent sides of some native american life like scalping, or the less-than-environmentally-friendly act of running whole herds of buffalo off cliffs. it's fair to say, as the post-colonial talk goes, that native americans have been marginalized and misrepresented over the years. but by shifting to the other extreme, don't we fall prey to the same false stereotyping - just going the opposite direction
no title.what a disappointment!  i remember siskel and ebert raving over this romantic comedy.  romantic, maybe, but comedy - never.  very predictable plot from beginning to end.  and rosie perez was truly offensive.  a few times i couldn't understand what she was saying.  there is no way i could buy that she and cage's character were attracted to each other.  maybe critics liked this movie because it had no sex, violence, or rough language.  although cage does get shot in one hold-up scene.  it was just that you knew what was going to happen every step of the way.  i am beginning to like cage more and more as he ages. [ spoiler] i was really disappointed at the end to find out that the real people whom this story is based on were always happily married to their original partners.  either they shouldn't have changed it so much or they shouldn't have let us know about the real story it was based on.[end of spoiler]  but fonda and cage were very engaging together
"a promise is a promise".it could happen to you was a bit of a disappointment, considering the makeup of the cast: nicolas cage, bridget fonda, and rosie perez among others..the movie brings to the screen the story of a policeman who after winning 4 million dollars on the ny state lotto, decides to share half of it with a waitress he met the previous day.  .the acting is surprisingly (!) below average, the dialogues are way below average, while the plot is not bad at all.  .nicolas cage's character is too naive and too slow, and that was just sad/pitiful!.bridget fonda was unexpectedly plain and bland..rosie perez's character was overly exaggerated to the point that it got tiring and annoying very early on..as for wendell pierce and stanley tucci this film does not seem to be their thing; they don't seem to belong.  subsequently, they are not convincing in their roles at all..finally, somebody shoot the "narrator," please!.though the potential for a great movie was definitely there it fails to take off.  a shame really...  no masterpiece here..if nicolas cage is what you had in mind, check out the amazing movies city of angels and/or the family man.
worst service - do not buy from these guys.i only wish it were possible to give them no stars, or just red x's. these guys never shipped my order, and even sent me an email telling me a different ship date then amazon. once that ship date came and went, i just made a claim to get my money back. a total of 2 months for dvd's that were meant for a father's day gift. these guys are clueless. stay away from them for sure. you're better off going to target to buy dvd's
this is horrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.i can't believe that people have the nerve to compare this to the oringal one with chris tucker or even the second. i watched this piece of unfunny white goofball movie and wanted to cry. i really peeved me off that people had the nerve to say it deserved better or claiming that people were only bashing it because it was a black film, but no it was horrible and seemed to need the touch of dj pooh and a return of chris tucker to make it funny. this is just a crappy movie that needed not to be made. sorry cube
what was i watching?.was i watching the same show as everyone who wrote reviews on here? i just finished the 3rd season having loved the first two. i was so disapointed in this season i'm really not sure i can even give the show another chance with season 4. the show completely runied all of the characters. they introduced new people who were either completely shrill and unbearable (moira/max, billie) or bland and pointless (angus). and then there's jenny. the writers continued in their quest to create the most unlikeable, cringe-worthy, annoying character in the history of television. this is nothing against mia kirshner who is lovely and does well with what she's given but after 3 seasons the writers still can't seem to figure out what to make of the character. it might make more sense if she was treated as some sort of pariah by those around her but all of the other characters seem to love her so.....what are they seeing that i'm not? her actions make no sense, her relationships make no sense even for a crazy person. as for the sex, someone actually thought they reeled the sex in this season? i never minded it in the past but sweet lord!!! by the end of the season i felt like i was watching cinemax after dark! it was insanse! grown adults do not start pulling off their clothes and fondling each other when mother is right outside the door!!!!! especially when mom said she would be right back!!!!!!!..by the end of things, you are left without a single character to like, a single believable storyline or any reason to want to spend time with these selfish, immature, unstable women ever again
the bad editing in the recent u2 dvd's is getting tiresome..i work as an editor on high-end projects (mostly commercials and music video's with a couple of well regarded concert dvd's and award winning short film work to my credit) and i have to say that the editing on this disc (and the previous 2, to a lesser extent) demonstrates a real lack of sensitivity to the material...there is an epic quality to u2 in concert. each song is its own experience... its own mini event; and instead of letting the power of that experience unfold naturally and organically... letting the music/performance tell its own story (and what a story it is!) the editing imposes itself on the music and the performance(s) and the effect is that you are taken out of (or at least not fully drawn into) the marvelous natural flow of power that is u2 live...all 3 of these dvd's are worth having simply because the band's brilliance in concert mostly transcends the poor editing but these discs could have been truly amazing documentations of almost religious experiences had the director/editor gotten out of their own way and really understood and felt into the event(s)...what a shame
boring.it's terribly boring. period..this dvd makes me fall asleep very easily..too many interviews and the video quality is really bad
feeling a bit shafted.okay, i've wanted this film for a very long time, so this year i finally get around to ordering it.  however, i wasn't aware that ridley scott ever put together a director's cut nor does the information contained about this particular edition say anything about this dvd being the director's cut.  so, it gets delivered, i open it up excitedly...and see a box on the cover that says includes ridley scott's director's cut with jerry goldsmith's score.  okay, cool.  it includes the director's cut.  that implies that both the theatrical release and the director's cut are on the disc.  not so.  this is only the director's cut...and to be honest, it's not all that great.  and goldsmith's score is not one of his better ones.  i was wanting the theatrical release with that wonderful score by tangerine dream, the version i remember seeing so many years ago.  so, now i have to shell out the money for the ultimate edition which has both versions on it.  if amazon is going to sell two versions of this film it really needs to state clearly which is which.  i feel about as shafted as when i bought "the exorcist" on dvd...only to get the version you've never seen, which was equally lame
the dreams of youth are the regrets of maturity..in school you are sometimes asked to summarize extremely lengthy books into one or two sentences to evaluate your knowledge on that certain piece of literature.  to me, that always seemed ridiculous because how could you accurately depict the true value of a 300-page book within two measly paragraphs?  that feeling is exactly my reaction to ridley scott's overly produced and underly executed film, legend.  throughout the film i felt that scott had the potential to go anywhere and everywhere, really making this underground cult fantasy film bigger than the neverending story and lord of the rings put together.  i felt this way because 80s fantasy films seemed to be less commercial and more imaginative than those released in the past decade.  i was waiting for a stronger outing of willow, but instead i saw legend disintegrate right before my eyes.  it was as if ridley had 300-plus pages of material, but had to condense it all into two very small paragraphs.  what ultimately happened was that we, the viewer, were cheated out of quite a bit of potential visuals, creative lands, and mythical creatures.  we were instead handed a body of work that seemed to grasp at straws instead of development, weak heroic characters with an exaggeration on curry's over-the-top "price of darkness" portrayal, and a finale that teetered on sarcasm instead of excitement.  ..legend, in my eyes, begins with an unsettling "bang".  we see no characters outside of a menacing voice that speaks in rhyme and talks about the end of light.  scott pulls us gracefully in by giving us these highly imaginative characters and a world that we think will be full of hensen-esque creatures.  alas, immediately after pulling at our dark sides, he slaps us in the face with what seems like an hour of pointless drivel with conversation between the princess lilly and her man-boy jack (played by mia sara and tom cruise respectively).  caught between horrid writing, unfamiliar past experiences, and a uni-brow the size of kansas on cruise's face, we are left with nothing to do except wait.  with the promise of unicorns and a possible dark future, we wait.  the unicorns finally appear and darkness does become momentarily triumphant, but what never brings us back to that immediate opening of dark delight is that scott never recreates it for us.  legend fails, not just because of the shallow acting, but because the story never quite hits the momentum it had at the beginning of the film.  while this critic blames ridley's choice of sara and cruise as our guides, i do think he could have strengthened the story to be a bit more energetic and sweeping.  i felt trapped throughout this story, as if the walls that contained princess lilly were the actual boundaries of the film.  this hurt legend.  unlike other fantasy films of this nature, the walls of a structure may encase our hero, but we know there are bigger and more exotic things happening around the fictional planet.  with legend, i never felt that.  i felt as if scott kept us on a lighted path without the comfort or luxury of any outside imagination.  i needed, maybe even wanted, to see more of this planet scott created, but the door was shut abruptly in my face...i would like to state again that i thought scott had good intentions with this film, but the final result (either from its original bad screenings to the infamous "director's cut") just didn't feel like it was worth the two hours one had to put into the movie.  scott had some (i stress "some") moment of excitement, moments of imagination, and moments of sheer fantasy, but they were all clouded by the brazen push of over-the-top melodrama and visions.  what makes most fantasy films work is that you care both for the story as well as the characters.  in legend, the story seems weak because we care nothing for the characters.  cruise's portrayal of jack could have been done by anyone who passed acting 101, while curry does give the best performance of the film, it is another case of "anyone-itis".  without the horns or the bold eyes, anyone could have been underneath the mask.  curry did great, but take him out of the costume and ask the question, does he stand-alone?  follow this up with some elves and dwarves that seemed more clich than original, and the final result is an ill-fated legend.  i wanted to like this film.  i knew about the cult-ish status of scott's fantasy attempt, but in the end, i felt bored instead of moved by the overall picture... overall, i cannot recommend a second viewing to this film.  i went in expecting a larger-than-life willow or neverending story (or at least enough darkness to counter alien or blade runner), but instead finished the film thinking that in today's standards this would have counted as a "direct to video" release.  scott, as well as his brother, are fabulous directors and continue to push the boundaries on modern cinema, but legend failed.  legend failed because of the story as well as the acting.  both were not in place, therefore, both could not work together.  during the commentary, scott mentions his passion for cocteau's beauty and the beast, but it was obvious that he was just name-dropping to gain film critic's respect.  legend, if anything, insults cocteau's masterpiece.  from the wrongly used word of the title (not a legend but a fairy-tale), to cruise's uni-brow, to the cheaply forgettable ending, legend didn't impress and it would be very difficult to sit through another viewing without some cash in hand.           ..grade: ** out of ****
excellent show on lousy disks.i read other reviews about the poor disk quality but thought i'd get luckly, which i didn't.  the very first episode skipped and finally stopped altogether near the end.  i tried it on 2 different players with the same result.  cheap double sided dvds.  i expect more of the same on the other episodes.  a great show treated shabbily with cheap disks.  if you haven't bought hart to hart yet get that instead.
mcmillan  wife, 2nd disc bad....my second disc, side one, skips, pauses, rolls back -- tell me how can i right this
based on tony zanetta's poorly written hatchet job of bowie.those who feel that the movie seems anti-bowie are correct, which also accounts for bowie's withholding of any of his songs for use in the film.  those who think the script is merely fiction with composite characters are sadly mistaken. the elaborate sets for the film are interesting, the music is good (excepting the obvious lack of bowie), but almost everything else is awful. velvet goldmine's script is based on notorious scandal monger and slimeball tony zanetta's sophomoric and out of print "tell-all" book from his brief time working for mainman, bowie's first professional production company.  zanetta's book, "stardust: the david bowie story" is in the grand tradition of exploitative vendetta books written by former employees of succesful artists..it's a shame that the producers and director were able to use even a single bowie song for the use as the film's title
bowie detractors really like this; most others do not.the refrain "it's not about bowie" may be true in a way; but watching the dvd and then reading the reviews below, it's clear why a lot of real bowie haters seem to love this picture. the sneering review entitled "citizen bowie", for example, refers to him this way: "...lots of mediocre songs...even ziggy had its clunkers...eventually the artist must stop living the myth and do the work."  oh really?  i just read cameron crowe's article ("all access bowie") covering bowie's pre-1976 period in the special 1000th issue of rolling stone and the man was described as a brilliant and hypercharged workaholic.  hearing his albums in the very early seventies on underground fm radio, it cannot be overstated: bowie was first and foremost a musical phenomenon - not a visual one.  we were blown away that the same person could write such widely diverse and highly acclaimed material as lp's like man of words man of music, the man who sold the world, hunky dory, ziggy stardust, and aladdin sane. in fact, most people- especially in america- who liked him in the earliest period did so in spite of (not because of) the androgony and "glam" context.  you have to be pretty thick not to see slade as the bowie character; this movie feels like a vendetta against slade/bowie even though clearly the main characters all have aspects that are composites. there are some who have written that film director haynes' anger is attributable to the fact that bowie did not allow his music  to be used in this mess of a movie. this seems plausible, but what is most telling is that the untalented and vengeful angela bowie loved it. this film has its moments visually, but is mostly way off the mark.
glittering, empty mess.it's 1984, 10 years since glam rock star brian slade (jonathan rhys meyers) staged his own death and effectively disappeared from the public eye.  to mark the anniversary of this event, arthur stuart (christian bale), a youngish newspaper reporter, is assigned the story: "whatever happened to brian slade?"  stuart was a devout fan of slade in the 1970s.  like others of his generation, he fed off of slade's image and saw hope in the musician's freedom of sexuality and personal expression.  at first, stuart is reluctant to revisit slade's (and his own) past, but - before long - he is interviewing slade's former manager, wife and lover (alla citizen kane) and piecing together the truth behind the elusive icon.   		..it is no secret that the character of slade is based *heavily* on real-life musician david bowie (and that ewen mcgregor's character is based on iggy pop): the same music, the same outfits, the same hair, very similar stories ... but the slade character seems to have been equally derived from author oscar wilde (who is referenced several times in the film).  both seem to espouse the concept of art for art's sake and live lives of aesthetic decadence - hell, when slade speaks (which he rarely does), he speaks primarily in oscar wilde quotes! ..as the film delves deeper into the story of brian slade, his career, and the people he inspired, it addresses the concepts of art, desire, image and reality.  pretty interesting, right?  well ... wrong...to begin with, for me, velvet goldmine was simply a boring film.  with all those bare butts, orgies, and men in makeup, you'd think i would be riveted.  but - i wasn't.  i think i was bored because the characters are boring.  aside from slade's wife (played by the ever wonderful toni collette), they are all dull and thoughtless (not unkind - but, literally, there are no thoughts in their heads) - driven entirely be greed and lust. ..i also felt the film was entirely too disjointed.  okay.  i understand that it's got to cut from present to past, given the concept (a reporter piecing together facts from 10-15 years ago).  no problem.  but the constant jumps in time, the manic editing, the shifting from reality to surrealism - - it made the movie unnecessarily confusing and frustrating to watch...and lastly, i was somewhat angered by the slade character.  he rarely speaks; he always has an empty (though lustful) look in his eyes; and he seems to care very little for his music (as he is all about the fame).  i know that this movie is fiction and that brian slade is not david bowie - but - if you are going to borrow that heavily from a real life man, i think you owe him a bit of credit.  though undeniably mindful of his image, david bowie was a musician first.  hunky dory, ziggy stardust, aladdin sane ... his music could absolutely stand on its own, without the platform boots and leotards!  moreover, david bowie is far more intelligent, warm, charming and self-deprecating than the despicable brian slade.  ..in conclusion, though velvet goldmine is ambitious and potentially interesting, in my opinion, it winds up being a flat, messy, unfair and soulless film.  i would have given it 1 star, but i have to give it props for the music and costuming
stupidity.i've never given one star to any type of produce before, but the stupidity of this dvd and its fans are shocking...so revealing!  so true!  if you didn't know fast food was unhealthy, give me a break.  if you think this is realistic, give me a break..."supersize me" is a piece of propaganda meant to turn people away from eating mcdonalds food.  the film documents morgan spurlock embarking on a perilous quest to eat three meals of mcdonalds per day.  this diet has rules too.  whenever he is asked if he wants a meal to be super-sized, he must do it.  he also much try each item on the menu at least once.  he is only allowed to consume items that are in fact on the menu.  the thing is though, if he is really trying to make a valid point, why does he order the double quarter pounder with cheese meal twice within the first seven days?  this is questionable, because not only is this the most fatty item on the menu, it also made him vomit the first time that he ate it all.  the thing is though, millions of people (some skinner than spurlock) have this meal and do not throw up.  why him?  his wife is a vegan chef and he is used to having no meat in his diet.  so why would he choose the biggest item on the menu twice in the first week?  there are many, many other items that he couldn't possibly been able to cover.  not only that, he almost gets no exercise during the month of this experiment, saying that the average american gets little exercise.  his laziness seems to be an exaggeration.  there is some merit to the movie, showing people how unhealthy mcdonalds is, but everyone knows that.  they just don't care.  for spurlock to in any way (even the subtlest of ways) to support the idiots who sue the fast food chains because they became obese, is ludicrous...it should be mentioned that wendy's regular hamburger is a quarter pounder, while mcdonalds regular burger is 1/10th of a pound.  also, wendy's goes up to a triple quarter pounder, something mcdonalds has never done.  burger king introduced the triple cheese burger and quadrouple cheese burger, something mcdonalds has never done.  it seems that mcdonalds is picked as a scapegoat because it is the most popular.  this movie may have been more credible if it examined the dangers of fast food as a whole, but just to go up against the one corporation is stupid.  if the movie didn't suggest that the corporation doesn't care about it's customers, i wouldn't have a problem, but it does.  too much of anything, especially food, is bad for someone.  if anyone needed a movie to tell them that fast food is unhealthy, they clearly are seeing the world through a filter...1/1
very poor!!!.i was looking forward to a special edition of this wonderful film, but this new release is all a disappointment to me. i have just bought the german release of it. the picture is not as clear and sharp, as it could or should be, but mainly, the image is extremely cropped! parts of the heads and legs (and that with a dancing movie!!!) are cut off all the time. it's a shame!!! :-(..only 1 star for the dvd, the film would deserve at least 3
this new deluxe edition is a disgrace to sony home ent..yes, indeed! the booklet included is nice and glossy. thanks! and the two documentaries added this time around are nice too. thanks again! but what about the film itself? has that been given the deluxe treatment as well?.sad answer: definitely not! as a matter of fact, this new "re-master" looks much worse than the previous dvd. that one was a very fuzzy non-anamorphic mess, but this new anamorphic one is just as fuzzy. in fact, when i put the old one in the zoom mode, there is no difference in focus and contrast whatsoever. and the colors are somewhat more warm and pleasant on the old edition. but worst of all, is that the new dvd is cropped on all four sides! there is quite a lot of more picture information available on the old disc, especially on top of the frame! so much for a deluxe edition! shame on you, sony/mgm-ua! fans of this film - myself included - will have to keep the old dvd, and get this new one for the extras and the booklet. (the 2 stars above are for those inclusions alone.) this is certainly no way to treat loyal film fans and costumers willing to pay for an upgrade version of a beloved film
read the book instead.if this movie was ever going to have a chance, it needed to be about 4 or 5 hours long, or never attempted in the first place. some books adapt well to being edited and condensed as a screenplay - possession just can't be dealt with that way. what you have as a result is another story entirely. there just wasn't time enough, i guess, to develop the characters, or even to include half of them. the only character true to the book and left almost intact was sir george. the rest were stripped of their layers and everything that made them fascinating, and we are left with painful stereotypes and, in the case of roland michell, a character who seems to have wandered on to the wrong set during filming. my best advice is that if you've read the book, skip the movie, but if you saw the movie, you should do yourself a favor and get the book
a disappointment: fails to live up to promise.i'm not a civil war scholar, so i'll defer to reviewers with greater knowledge about the accuracy of what is portrayed in the film.  as a film, however, this one is lacking in many ways, from hyper-melodramatic voice-overs to noticeably poor editing.  when combined with inaccurate history, the disappointment is doubled.  andersonville was directed by john frankenheimer, who created many good or great films, one of which, the manchurian candidate, is a masterpiece.  with his resume, i have to believe that the intentions of the movie-makers were good, but the end product (a made-for-tv movie) reflects an inferior medium.  a story as naturally powerful and important as andersonville deserves a greater commitment to realism, and the drama should have been derived from historically accurate fact..  instead, the drama was manufactured--history was dramatized. it's a film that deserves to be made again, re-written by someone with a commitment to accuracy and produced by a company more interested in the best available version of the truth than in pandering to an audience of supposed dullards with second-rate pap.  when stories like andersonville are not told with excellence, the fall into mediocrity is precipitous and leaves me feeling that the story should not have been filmed at all
anti-southern propaganda.this movies rates right up there with "schindler's list" . . . in terms of unapologetic propaganda.  fortunately, ted turner showed some remorse for this hatchet job by making "gettysburg," and the even better "gods and generals."..if you want to see a real, accurate depiction of the war for southern independence (aka, the civil war), watch "gods and generals" or "gone with the wind," and stay away from movie garbage like "andersonville."  ..also watch for the extended version dvd of "gods and generals" coming for the christmas season of 2005.
sickening, male-bashing session.are you a woman who believes that every guy is a jerk, adulterer or potential murderer? then short cuts is for you. you can sit back and reinforce your prejudices, yelling "right on!" at the screen every two minutes. what we have here is not a collection of short stories so much as a collection of drunks, cheats, killers and insensitive morons. one wonders if robert altmand and raymond carver would dare show up at a corner bar frequented by mostly guys, real guys, not altman/carver wimps and losers. i think they might seriously be razzed by an angry mob in such a situation and should best stay clear. however, perhaps positive reinforcement for their artist endeavors might come from women's lib soirees and liberal cocktail gatherings where such negative opinions about men are probably offered quite often and agreed upon without debate. the collection of actors in short cuts is impressive and they do excellent work: jack lemmon, tim robbins, andie macdowell, julianne moore and frances mcdormand, among others. for that, i give it two stars. otherwise, short cuts is a sickening, male-bashing session not worth wasting your time on, unless of course you are a female who thinks all men are..
too many cooks stirring the soup..short cuts (robert altman, 1992)..there's a chap you may have heard of by the name of joe frank. he does wonderful, hysterically strange radio dramas that will leave you bug-eyed in fascination at the sheer weirdness of the characters therein. frank is a master at what he does...there's another chap you may have heard of by the name of raymond carver. he wrote wonderful, hysterically strange short stories (and the occasional poem) that will leave you bug-eyed in fascination at the sheer weirdness of the characters within. carver, too, was a master at what he did...then there is robert altman, who decided to take a number of the short stories in carver's watershed book, cathedral, and turn them into a three-hour film. the result is short cuts. it is neither wonderful nor hysterically strange, and while it has echoes of both the carver stories on which it is based and the ludicrous extremes of joe frank, it cannot claim to achieve the mastery of either of them...i mention joe frank because there are certain scenes in the movie, the occasional moment, that remind me of frank's work. altman is capable of achieving with visual techniques what frank achieves with his dialogue-- the ability to make the viewer wonder what sort of insane mind could possibly put this sort of thing together. but where frank does it on a constant basis, these moments are all too rare in short cuts. the rest of this far, far too long flick consists of a number of very, very good actors going through their paces in a stangely listless manor, talking a lot and not actually doing all that much. there are a few very good performances (jack lemmon, in a small role, stands out), but the net effect of putting together this many fantastic actors in one film is to dilute the whole...even if everyone here gave top-notch performances, however, it still wouldn't help. the movie just wanders, never settling on a single storyline long enough to do it justice (the obvious comparison here is to pulp fiction, which does that trick so well), cutting from storyline to storyline as fast and loose as romero's dawn of the dead cuts between camera angles. while some of this movie is undeniably fascinating, and it's competently put together, it could have been so much better than it actually is. *
disjointed disaster.this movie is a disaster. there is not one single memorable performance by the cast of "stars". if you want to see a little boy happily running to school, get hit by a car, walk home injured and die, have at it.  there is a reason that this movie is deeply discounted by amazon. criterion is probably losing money on this release and they desire it. they should be is ashame
michael moore : propaganda stooge of the uaw.michael moore filmed this propaganda,partially financed by the united auto workers, to distract attention from the real reason gm was forced to shutter plants - the japanese auto invasion, made possible by  gm's unhealthy cost structure. the  company was burdened with exorbitant uaw wages, something union friendly michael moore does his best to conceal. so roger smith becomes.the reason for the plant closings. years of losses at gm have shown moore's twisted arguments to be exactly what they were then - phoney  uaw sponsored lies to  shift attention away from the .primary role played by the uaw in the death spiral of the automakers. moore and others pretend gm management had dropped the ball, but gm lost tens of thousands of engineers and salaried staff, let go long before any unionized line workers felt any pain. all of gm's problems are the result of the lack of profits resulting from the uaw albatross - slow redesign cycles, lack of money for research, you name it.  moore will never mention how the uaw has screwed the consumers for the past 70 years and .how now that consumers have a choice, they find the better value in asian autos. nobody wants to pay a uaw worker to bolt on a fender while making more than their family doctor. the uaw has fixed labor prices for long enough. enough is enough and moore .is shown to be the stooge of the unions with this preposterous piece of slanted fiction he laughingly calls a "documentary."
he was fired from gm for calling off and showing up late.what a joke...people believe the stupidest things...do some research and you will see that this is a joke.  i hated it
well that was tedious.well folks, looks like we may have the most over praised movie of the current millennium right here. ("crash" comes close, but that film has a lot more detractors than this one, and many of those who liked it seemed to do so because they imagined, somehow, that it would "change the world".)  my beefs are not the same as most of those who don't like the film:  i don't much care that it may show an unrealistic picture of drug abuse, nor do i find it overly depressing.  fact is, it isn't depressing at all cause i didn't care.  it's just boring and annoying, sometimes at different moments, sometimes simultaneously.  this not a good combination...all right, here's a plot summary:  jared leto, marlon wayans, jennifer connelly and ellen burstyn all do drugs, and this really messes up their lives. i hate to give it all away like that, but there it is.  the fundamental flaw is this: i don't like any of these people, so their pain doesn't mean anything, and since that is all there is to this movie it absolutely fails to have any sort of effect.  maybe if aronofsky had put more time in to characterization it would've worked, but now there just isn't anything there.  as far as what's actually in the movie, we've got  jared leto as a stupid chunkhead who has inane conversations with his equally chunkheaded girlfriend jennifer connelly, who wants to be a fashion designer, or something.  beyond this we've got jared's mother, ellen burstyn, who is a weird old woman and marlon wayans as leto's friend who deals drugs with him at times and appears headed towards the big leagues.  i particularly love how there's no real attempt to make wayans into a person.  he's got one flashback about how he wanted to make his mom proud and that's it.  the doubly sad fact is that he's the most likable of the three.  he at least displays a little life.  connelly and leto apparently just wandered here from a bergman film and are so dull and slow that it's a wonder that the smack doesn't cause them to cease to exist entirely.  (well, connelly actually does coke, i think, but it fails to liven her up any.  also, i actually *like* the bergman films i've seen, so that's not really a fair comparison.)  they love each other, apparently, but since i don't even like either of them i'm not much interested.  finally, burstyn is mostly just creepy though her performance does take a turn for the hilarious as she goes off the deep end.  perhaps it wouldn't have been funny if i cared about her, but we've been over that...  ..and i want you people to know that i'm not utterly heartless when it comes to movies.  i can care about the characters, but none of these people did anything for me, so the movie's dead in the water.  for good counter examples watch "trainspotting", which has drug-addict characters with enough humor and life to be likable and interesting and "bubba ho-tep", a film which displays the plight of the lonely elderly 50 times better than this film despite being a silly horror-comedy with a mummy in a cowboy outfit in it.  on the other hand, neither of those movies is nearly as pretentious as "requiem for a dream", so watching them will do nothing to stroke your ego.  still, if that's all you want to kinda find plenty of films better than this one for that purpose.  .."requiem for a dream" isn't helped any by darren aronofsky's repetitive, derivative over-direction.  the trouble is, this movie hasn't got any plot to distract you from how redundant the visual style is.  there's nothing inherently wrong with any of his tactics, but they're hopelessly driven in to the ground, as we see fast-motion a thousand times, quick-cut montages a million times and plenty of wonky camera-attached-to-the-actor junk, and they are, again, impossible not to notice cause the plot sure ain't drawing me in.  i imagine that the overdone, repeating visual style is meant as a representation of the endless cycle found in drug use, but that doesn't make it any more pleasant or entertaining to watch.  the score suffers from the same problem as they use the same handful of themes over and over. ..truth be told, i thought this movie was pretty okay for about the first half, but then it really started to grate on me.  it became evident that no, aronofsky wasn't going to introduce any new visual tricks and no, these characters weren't going to get any more interesting.  i looked at the timer continuously for about the last 40 minutes of the film, and was so uninvolved that the supposedly horrifying conclusion where all the characters really get it bad was utterly ineffective.  it was kind of uplifting, really:  now that these tedious characters have finally hit rock bottom i can go do something else.  now that's a good ending...grade: d+ ..ps this is 500 reviews.  i doubt if i will write 500 more, but who knows
a celebration of hopelessness.i give this film one star for the acting, which is often very good. however, the plot and message of this film revel in hopelessness, and debase every aspect of lower income, urban people. in all honesty, i've seen more joy in an african famine. i sat through this film, against my better judgement. still, if you're truly interested in investigating the dark underbelly of urban american misery and frailty, then i recommend "a streetcar named desire", "kids", "last exit to brooklyn", and "traffic".
manipulative.though well made, the movie is manipulative, really leaving more questions than answers. the narrator is extremely vague, -- "certain people" "they" among other euphemisms -- refuses to include other points of view, making it ipso facto propaganda, and plays more on the viewer's emotions than anything else... part of it is a pro-illegal immigration manifesto. the actual phrasing of the geneva convention is manipulated too -- in the actual document, it says that only those who fight under a uniform are entitled to it's protections. the documentary claims that all people are, regarldess... overall, it's basically a documentary with some a few valid points but overall just well-made propaganda
sentimental and fake.having enjoyed lost in translation, i thought i might like this one, which seems to have some sort of cult reputation-- why i can't fathom. the entire plot is self-serving, shallow, and unrealistic. i guess it's supposed to depict the horror of repressive religious values, and while i don't condone those, the film lacks clear characters or any motivation. a lot of people have buttoned up parents who don't get it, and it doesn't mean they kill themselves-- because they were grounded!?..since the writer-director gerw up in hollywood, she may not be aware that you can't keep your kid home from school without a very good reason-- social workers and what not come after you. so the entire premise is false...romanticizing mass suicide by having a bunch of soft focus young blondes do it-- after which they supposedly ascend to erotic eternity in the imaginations of their boyish peers-- could actually encourage the act. it's not caring, not real, and not responsible...but i guess that wouldn't bother the rich, overfunded daughter of a hollywood genius out to make a name for herself.
no need to suicide.i get the story line but 5 grown women need to suicide!?  the one dare to have a boyfriend and not go home for the night.  why would that kind of free sprite would kill herself!?!?  it is not matching the character
depressing and unrealistic..the virgin suicides starring kristen dunst, josh hartnett, kathleen turner and james woods lacks depth and a convincing storyline. this film is directed by sofia coppola (lost in translation), i really tried to like this movie but i was fooling myself, you would think this movie would be a hidden gem because of the coppola legacy but just because your father is frances ford coppola doesn't mean you belong in the same category as best director of all-time. sometimes magic does not stirke twice. how can all five sisters end up killing themselves, their homelife wasn't that unbearable, a lot of parents are religious, but that doesn't mean you'll wind up with thoughts of impending suicide. kristen dunst just gets on my nerves, her acting is the same in every film. don't believe the hype, the virgin suicides is not a groundbreaking, poetic film
one sided.i haven't seen a movie so one-sided since the contender. they didn't even try to make good arguments for the pro-gun side. i hate to use the term liberal bias but in this case it fits like a glove. the cards in this movie were so stacked against the defense team that by the end of the movie i felt like the gun companies were the underdogs. pure garbage.
worst movie i have ever seen....i really wish amazon would let you chose from negative numbers when it comes to rating stars. this movie is nothing but anti-gun propaganda. i have gotten up and walked out of better movies than this, but it was like watching a train wreck...i just had to stay for the end. you know, for those of you who don't know...firearms save far more innocent lives than they take every year, and mine was one of them. this movie cd might make a good coaster, but beyond that it is trash...some less than truthful "nra member" (yeah right) wrote..."i really liked and enjoyed this movie. the acting was excellent and the plot twists and action kept my attention. it will keep yours too, just give it a chance. sure, it was a little bit slanted against the gun industry, but they deserve it and need to be more responsible. i may buy the dvd to watch it again, but am overwhelmed with the movies i have bought from amazon.com and not gotten around to watching. however, i may add this to my collection!"..horse hockey. member of the nra? more like member of the micheal moore fan club. this was the worst movie i have ever seen. they even had to lie to get you in the theater, as nothing was mentioned about it being anti-gun in the trailers! and saying that it was "a little bit slanted" is like saying micheal moore is skinny and has never ate a cheeseburger or told a lie!!
take out your hunting knife and gut the book.never have i seen a movie violate a book so badly. john grisham's runaway jury is a moral microcosm of free will versus addiction, in which the widow of a life-long smoker takes on big tobacco in the courtroom. the movie runaway jury is a slapped-together suspense chase, in which the entire premise is changed into the widow of shooting victim taking on gun manufacturers...this movie is, at most, a caricature of the book, and not a flattering one at that. hackman transforms fitch's quiet menace into arrogant buffoonery; a man who waves his arms and throws phones at the wall. parts of marlee's life-altering past are tranformed into vaguely impersonal events. the most interesting aspects of the story--jury selection and nicholas easter's manipulation of the court--are grudgingly presented in minute-long montages in order to get back to the yelling and frantic running around...if i had never read the book, i would consider this a run-of-the-mill flick, rent-worthy at best. but knowing how atrociously the screenwriters have butchered the concept makes the movie all the more empty and sad. even if you aren't a lover of fiction, i highly recommend buying the book instead.
okay.i agree with david thomson when he says few audiences in the west would be content to view an american epic composed solely of battles and their contexts. kurosawa was a keen businessman and his reputation in the west was entrenched with "kagemusha" and "ran", he knew what (american) audiences think of as heroic and mystical about "historical" japan: kurosawa's art takes a great deal on its impetus from what americans (or westerners) imagine about japan. he was not popular in japan (where they thought his stuff was particularly hokey and outmoded, hence the suicide attempt). i am not saying that the work is rubbish - there is no "ugly" shot in either "ran" or "kag" - merely that there are more "authentically japanese" films out there to choose from.
the itsy bitsy problem..by the time you see the ending, you'll already be wishing that you hadn't watched this movie
waggy mcwaggster.man! this movie is soooooo boring. i literally slept through this movie. if i die not having watched it again ill be happy.   i dont even know what its about cuz i watched it when i was like 5 yrs. old, but i dont care cuz just thinkin bout it makes me wanna cr
unrated means it is garbage......the subject matter being an intrnet porn star's life. it is not a movie, it is cheap explotation.  this piec of trash looks like it was shot using a cheap ditiga camera, and  lousy editing skills. (that's all the internet is good for is porn web-sites).   not surpriseingly, it was never given a theater release, i think even if the mpaa had rated it, it would have been nc-17.  how about rated t for trash
poorly made, average music, some above average actors...here is a list of the music that was used for the film in order of its use:..picture perfect - pollyn.linctus - aim - hinterland label.lebanese blonde - thievery corporation - mirror conspiracy label.china morning - jussi tegelman  traci hendricks.oceanwide - halou.ratio of freckles to stars - halou.riverside - nicholas davidage.humming - scott thomas.come to california - deborah falconer.clean up - funky fresh few.save yourself - siren.breakneck - only child.track 3- ant music.political - halou.the dime train - mark rae.banger - funky fresh few.investigation - jussi tegelman.track 2 - ant music.for gloria - siren.aftermath - siren.queen of the sun - lucky.stimulation - polly
lousy dvd from hart sharp video.this review refers to the uncut dvd version. like the other reviewers here, i loved this movie. the movie i would rate as 5 stars and it is indeed a stunning debut for the as yet unknown actress juliette marquis (from ukraine no less). the image quality is not stellar as this was shot on digital video. i can undertand and accept that. this dvd however is a lousy pan and scan version. some movies can be pan and scanned relatively unscathed because their photographers deliberately shoot them with future tv transfers in mind. but this movie was shot by someone who makes full use of the widescreen aspect and didn't make room for transfer to fullscreen tv. it is intensely frustrating to watch this damned dvd. you watch noses talking to half faces, half faces talking to ears, heads bobbing in and out of frame repeatedly. i am furious at the studio a__holes at hart sharp video who sanctioned this pan and scan monstrosity. and they had the temerity to advertise on the back cover that it is in widescreen. to add insult to injury, they show pictures on the back cover and the insert, of screenshots in the original widescreen where you can compare the beautiful original compostion and the pan and scan cropped crap. hart sharp video goes straight to my list of never buy from again. by all means see this movie - at the theater. or wait till a more responsible company releases a new dvd edition
waste of 2 or so hours of my life.i can just imagine the writer's thought-process:.."let's see, we've got massive tornados in l.a., tidal wave engulfing nyc, an almost immediate deep-freeze that kills instantly, and a sick character who needs medication or she will die, what could make this better?  wolves!  yes, we need escaped wolves."..sheesh.  if anyone thinks the cgi effects in this movie are fabulous, they've obviously never seen a real wolf.  those things weren't even close.  ..oh, and let's not forget the zoo that keeps the bears, sheep, and wolves right next to each other in a small building.  riiight.  ..i spent most of the movie either laughing at the absurdity of the scenario, and getting nauseated by the "sentimental" scenes. ..i'm not even going to go into the horrible plot, cliches galore, and all of the other just plain wrong things about this movie.  i'm not going to touch on the overt environmental and political messages that probably did more damage to real and important climate concerns - since from the reviews it seems some people actually believed this was even remotely plausible, while others used it to deepen their hatred of "greenies".  ..don't waste your time with this one.  there are far better movies of this genre.  and there are far better ways to learn about global warming.
watch the original.an exact copy of ang lee's wonderful quot;eat drink man womanquot;.  frankly what annoyed me here was i watched this one first.. i just finished watching eat drink.. it took me about 15 minutes to realize i was watching an exact copy of something i'd already seen a couple years ago. anyway, i was annoyed because while i could predict events in eat drink because i'd seen tortilla soup, eat drink was clearly the better movie -- so unfortunately it spoiled some of the pleasure of eat drink for me. if you haven't seen either, see the better of the two (exact same stories): eat drink man woman
something little kids *might*  enjoy.i couldn't get into this movie. it was boring, too long, and i couldn't wait for it to be over with. george was annoying and he should've been tranquilized and thrown into the zoo. the only thing i liked about the movie was the use of computer animation to enhance the traditional cartooning
a title, where i won't use the word...f....what's with all the titles using the word fantastic?  wow, that's so original!  did you write that yourself?..anyway, i was disappointed with this one, like many others here.  i thought it was a big waste of time and talent.  i would have liked to have more of a plot-line set up, and some type of comarardarie between the fantastic four.  ..but this slack was garbage.  ..i would not rent or purchase this movie...mc white said:  not f.... darn it, i almost did the same thing
for frat boys and the officially brain dead.as part of my ongoing quest to catch up on comic book movies that i have missed over the past few years i came across this clunker. i understand, of course, that i am not the target demographic here. most comic book fans want nothing more out of their movies than authenticity; unfortunately i was looking for an actual cinematic experience. four scientists go gallivanting around space with some chump named dr. von doom (who wins the award for the most obvious name for a villain ever); they run into trouble and are the recipients of super powers (now we're talking) thanks to some chemical filled cloud. what follows is one of the most shameless attempts to buy a box office victory in history. special effects pile on top of bad special effects as the film is quickly reduced to nothing more than a dull fireworks show. we get the thing caving in the front of a semi-truck with his shoulder as the money shot, but it comes in the middle of a scene that left me mystified. an entire bridge and just about every car on it are destroyed by these four farting around with their found powers. but since these are the good guys we have to watch as they scramble to save everybody they endangered, and succeed. destruction for the fans, no consequences for the characters. but why would director tim story try anyways? he knows the people are just showing up to ogle at jessica alba as she pretends to act. so instead of focusing on the story he focuses on making sure that those dozens and dozens of product placements make it into the frame. he should have just directed a pepsi commercial with jessica alba and saved us the trouble of watching this mess...the plot is also outwardly defiant in its interest in being even a little entertaining. instead of watching good fight evil we are stuck watching the superheroes squabble. they aren't even aware that the bad guy is the bad guy until the last fifteen minutes of the movie. they go out, show off their powers (in things like extreme sports, you know, for the kids), and then yell at each other for not being discreet enough. there is also a lackluster love triangle between sue storm (jessica alba), reed richards (ioan gruffudd) and dr. von doom (julian mcmahon). i'm sure it is real nice to believe that someone who looks like jessica alba would rather go out with a lowly scientist as opposed to the all powerful, all wealthy dr. von doom. but chances are if you're chasing someone that looks like her she's not interested in your kind demeanor and meaningful career. so why is my rating so high above the zero i've been talking it up to be? well it is what it is. it didn't put me to sleep as it washes over you fairly harmlessly and quickly. it was fun watching tv actors such as michael chiklis and julian mcmahon try their luck at a hollywood blockbuster. and at least it wasn't "catwoman." but what it was was insulting. beyond the obvious point that nobody would believe jessica alba as a scientist lies another that shows just how stupid story thinks we are. at a newsstand, on the cover of people magazine there is a picture of sue storm. now if stephen hawkings can't make it to the cover of people then what chance does this two-bit scientist have? **1/4
comic fluff for the kiddies.films based on comic books are a bit of a mixed bag.  while never my favorite genre, the stakes have been raised in recent years.  with sophisticated outings such as "batman begins", "x-men 2", and "spiderman 2" and "superman returns", it seems that we've ushered in an age of comic book adaptations as art.  these films surprised me and entertained me (as any movie should), but also utilized real drama, intelligence and adult sensibilities--often with great performances and smart, logical scripts.  even graphic novels have become a popular source for serious minded films...so "the fantastic four" is a throwback.  far from sophisticated, it plays as a live action cartoon.  that might be ok, but the more pressing problem is that it's not particularly fun either.  i know a lot of people feel that "the incredibles" borrowed heavily from "the fantastic four" concept, and maybe so.  but at least on film "the incredibles" was rousing entertainment.  maybe the film "fantastic four" should have taken that cue...i won't blame the actors.  i actually like many of them (in other roles).  it's a lackluster, sloppy script.  the filmmakers never really cared about this subject and it shows.  first and foremost, they wanted a commercial film to play to a mass audience--kiddies included.  and i can imagine small children getting a few chuckles from the human torch and the thing.  their interactions, after all, are the equivalent of junior high taunting.  but it's just not funny enough, the effects aren't original enough, and it sure lacks a brain.  put the small kids in front of it--it's harmless enough, but you probably don't want to invest your time with "the fantastic four".
matrix xii.one more movie plaguiarising the matrix..  hence, it's again mainly matrix fight scenes. mimicing matrix, trying to be the matrix..  .  dooming what should be a most original cinema experience to the worst failure of studio dumbing-down for commercialism.. .  as soon as i watched the ff7 game scenes, 'reminiscence,' i took a breath and said: that's it, where was it?
really bad.this movie was so awful.  what a waste of money.  i love johnny depp... but this is sooo bad.  it is overplayed, to the point where it's just dumb.  it was really boring as well, with no plot.  really really bad acting, and overplayed
for this very reason, one star.i copied and pasted the bottom of this from another reviewer here.   i have not seen this dvd, but thanks to this person for not wasting my money.   for some dunb ass reason people that film so many shows do not get it!  we fans do not want to see a bunch of camera shots back and forth of the crowd!!  who, pray tell, when they are at a concert in person spends a bunch of time looking around the fans and not the show??? get it yet??  doh!  simple!  keep the cameras on the show!  and dont change from one camera to another every 5 seconds!  that pisses me off too to no end.   learn this, watch roger waters dvd in the flesh, learn learn learn!!!!!!!!!!..the concert was recorded with many camera perspectives although ned o'hanlon said in an @u2.com interview that the expenses on that show were just a small fraction compared to the expenses for recording the boston show. the spirit of the entire show is captured very well, shots from and of the audience are used very often and reflect its enthusiasm
the most biased movie i've watched in  long long time.whatever ills are in the world, it's all the fault of the corporations. that's the basic premise of this terribly misguided one-sided and totally non-objective movie. for example, instead of saying how terrible it is for companies paying people in the developing world peanuts for their work, they forget that these people's alternatives are even worse and that's why they took that job in the first place!  these jobs provide them with one of the few options they have and, if they chose that job freely, it must be their best option, no matter how crazy it seems to us. as people's skills rise, as opportunities increase over time (by having more corporations and not less, to create more competition for these people's labor), and as the country becomes wealthier, these people's wages will rise automaticaly and in fact, the wages of the whole country on the average.  there are no shortcuts to his.  a famous story comes from nepal where anti-child labor laws, at the urging of the un, turned thousands of kids overnight into prostitutes as those jobs, as sad as it may be, were their best options to avoid starvation and feed their families.  it's a slow process, but all the industrialized nations went through that process.  government-mandated "shortcuts" usually produce results which are even worse.  however, the results speak for themselves: in very short period of time, for example, hundrds of millions of people were lifted out of poverty in china, india and around the world thanks for the "evil" capalism  its corporations.  no other system has ever done it so quickly as in the past 15 years in china and india alone.  also, cost of living is very low there, so these pennies really can go a long way, don't measure it to the cost of living in the west.  what is the filmmakers alternative they offer for these people? i guess to let people starve to death, then the makers of this movie don't have have anyting to complain about!?  other examples of stupidity include showing that a company is like a person who's a psychopath.  a corpoartion is a legal entity yes, and may act like a separate "being" as far the law in concerned, but does a corporation have a nose, feet, stomach? can it eat apples or sneeze or have arthritis? of course, not, than how can you attach a human idea like a psychopath to it??  several of the main "spokepersons" in the movie, chomsky, michael moore, rifkin and others are renowned for their off-the-wall comments which frequently have no basis in any kind of economics or reality.  to correct the inaccuracies in the statements made by these and other people in the movie, you'd have to stop it every 5 minutes and explain to the audience how profoundly wrong the statements are.  throughout the whole movie, you're basically bombarded by one-sided arguments with very little of the other side presented, despite the director's claim of the opposite 9they claim 1/2  1/2, it's more like 80%-20%).  just look at chomsky's comments about how the consumers are so stupid, they don't realize that all the things they buy they don't really need. i mean we don't need fashionable clothes (hey, let's all dress as boring as chomsky!), dvd players, or any new gadgets that make life easier or more fun.  who is the judge of what you really need?  chomsky, of course. he is the final arbiter of what you really need or what you don't. you're too stupid to know what you want, according to him. he says that you should do "more important things", like...perhaps studying lingistics (which he teaches but which very few care about).  the movie does make some correct and good observations, especially regarding polution, however, i'd say that 80% of the movie is factually and logically flawed. it's also full of economic fallacies. it's worth watching i guess, just to see how many errors one can make in just 1 movie.  despite all the ranting in the movie, it fails to mention the biggest reason of most of the problems it brings up - too much governement interference is every facet of life.  for examples, how could a government of brazil forbit the people of collecting rain water! how could the u.s. government do so many things for private companies with public funds?  just forbid the governments from playing favorites with companies, forbid government corporate welfare of any kind, forbid subsidies to companies, cut the suffocating red tape and regulation (esp. in developing countries but in the west too), cut corporate taxes to 5 or 10% (and see unemployment rate go to almost nothing, give people all around the world a better life, increase competition, etc.)  if these and other governments (and not corporations') problems were eliminated, the vast majority of all the problems which the movie brings up will simply go away.  an interesing film for anyone to see how the truth can be twisted by mindless people with an agenda to go back to 15th century rural lifestile (spoken about with much admiration), people with no understanding about economics, how the world really works and how to really raise the billions out of poverty who this movie does the biggest disservice for.
doesn't go nearly far enough.this documentary reveals the shocking fact that companies, by law, have an obligation to their stockholders, rather than to society at large.  but this isn't the only case where 'people' by law are required to focus on only certain responsibilities.  what about doctors?  when a doctor treats you, by law that doctor is supposed to think only about what is best for you.  shouldn't she really also be thinking about whether others would be better off if you were out of the way?  shouldn't she give you an injection that would peacefully put you to sleep if she feels that society as a whole would be better off without you?  ..and what about accountants and lawyers?  every time an accountant handles someone's money, he should be legally obligated to consider whether it would benefit society to take half of the person's life savings and give it to charity.  it's wildly inappropriate for your accountant to be legally obligated to handle your money in your interests.  what about the greater good?  and your lawyer should never act mainly for you - each and every lawyer should be expected to consider everyone equally, rather than giving special emphasis to her own client...let's get serious - in order for a corporation to act in the interests of its stockholders, who are the last in line in case of bankruptcy, it must first meet all obligations to others, or else there will be nothing left for those stockholders waiting at the end of the line.  as an ongoing business, companies have reason to care about their reputations, about earning loyalty from their employees, etc.  yes, some companies have done bad things, just as some people have done bad things.  can every single person be condemned as a psychopath, simply because there are some examples of humans that were considered psychopaths?  ..corporations, like people, can do harmful, dangerous things.  there's no doubt that many of the problems documented here actually occurred.  but it is the reponsibility of government to regulate corporations, just as it regulates people.  ..the example of bolivia, where people were forbidden from collecting rainwater, is an example of the failure of government.  why would the government give such rights to anyone, even itself?  but when government regulation has been adequate, privatization of water and many other services has been hugely beneficial to the poor in most countries...demonizing corporations for faithfully managing the money invested in them is ridiculous.  corporations, and individuals, should be regulated by governments.  if outrages are not detected and punished, then government has failed.  but we shouldn't abolish government, or corporations, or people, simply because none are perfect.  we should 1) hold governments accountable for performing their role; 2) hold corporations accountable for legal violations (through fines, and through sending corporate executives to jail in extreme cases, as has happened many, many times); and 3) use public pressure and our own personal buying decisions to give corporations an incentive to make socially responsible decisions...if you really care about the poor around the world, then put the blame and the pressure where it belongs - on bad government
confusing the argument on need for more american gun-control..indeed,there is a need for a continuation of regulated gun-control,in america.yet,michael moore uses terrible examples to prove his point and humorously distorts the facts.moore's end product does not justify the means.eventhough moore doesn't use a gun to kill ,he's the very essence of the "drive-by media".why didn't he do a film on pukeheads who recklessly abuse their right to own a gun?-answer-because that would give honest people the validation to bear arms. the people he points to ,in the film, who have done the shootings,are kids.after years of watching violent images,via videogames,and no parental control led them to that destructive behavior.not the k-mart availableness of the rifles and the bullets. the eschatological preachers of the elusive doomsday,like david karesch,do have a right to gun-ownership.but not for holy war,against the american government and pagan socialists alike.now,tim mcveigh's senseless bombing ,had more to do with his anti-social delusions ,rather than his true feelings about legal restrictions on unlimited gun-ownership.(if it wasn't for the song ,"happiness is a warm gun", john lennon may not have been shot by the maniacal subliminal beatle listener,mark david chapman.) charlton heston supports ownership of hunting rifles,for sport and protection.the surprise moore attack on heston,was ridiculous.like comparing apples to oranges.moore shows himself as an opportunist,and not a gentleman.dick clark owns some music restaurant chain,where a black woman was directed to work at one.how is he to know,about her family members possessing guns or not?she broke the law,and clark can not be held responsible for her domestic negligence.the careless woman's family promoted an un-healthy atmosphere for their dear children.moore's subreptitious inferences are highly entertaining,but divert from the root cause of the lethal gun shootings,in america.
michael moore shoots himself in the foot.as usual, michael moore undercuts himself by refusing to accept that a 45 minute documentary should not run two hours. theres alot of great stuff here (the interview w marilyn manson, the interview w trey parker, c), but too often moore inserts himself into a story others should be telling, no more so than in the vile segment where he goes to visit charlton heston. i agree with many, nay most of moores politics -- but hes a rotten filmmaker with some great ideas but awful execution.
[two and a half stars out of four] charleton heston 0, mike moore -1. not one of moore's best.moore sets out to blame guns, rather.than the people who make prozac and.other 'designer' seditives for the.massacre at columbine high school.and runs afoul of mr. nra himself,.moses, better known as charleton .heston. heston, gentlemanly as he.is defeats all futile arguments.moore, an anit-gun (mostly) leftist.has v. the second amendment. long.live the second amendment, otherwise.the first amendment is gone, too!.moore should wake and wise up. better.moore efforts that are highly recom-.mended are: the big one, fahrenheit.9/11, roger and me and even the un-.derrated canadian bacon
lies!.it is obvious that this movie is full of lies.  although i have not actually seen it, i know this to be true because i have seen many discussions on the movie on the fox news channel (god bless them!).  the way he attacks poor mr. heston is deplorable.  can't michael moore tell from the comments charlton made at the rallies that he doesn't have his faculties about him?  i am also unsure that mr. heston even said the things that the movie shows him saying.  the ability of hollywood to manipulate and edit sound is truly amazing, making it appear that my president (heston) is an uncaring, babbling idiot by simply using his own words - shame on you michael!  and as for the way he got the gun from the bank, i agree with the other posters that the entire point of a bank giving away free guns is completely nullified by the fact that they didn't give him the gun the minute he walked into the bank.  bravo to those who figured that out.  also, michael moore is fat.  take that pinkie
too hard.i think this dvd would be great for someone who has a lot of experience in dance. it was too hard for a beginner like me. she doesn't give enough time for the inexperienced person to get the hang of one move before she goes on to the next one. i didn't find her as annoying as some of the other reviewers did though. i think it should be stated on the cover of the dvd that this is an intermediate or advanced workout
this workout is not what it advertises....there's so many reasons i didn't like this and am rabidly searching for someone, anyone to rid me of it before i just pitch it in the trash can...*it's not dance. it's regular fluffy girl aerobics pretending to be dance. boring..*the "instructor" has the personality of a limp dishrag and honestly, if i heard her say "i wanna see your personality in this girls!" one more time... i woulda broke my tv..*it's way too difficult to follow unless you are an aerobics maven.  i'm only slightly over weight compared to some of my friends (147 lbs at 5 ft 4 in) and i could barely get into some of the steps before ms. galardi was spritely bouncing into something else. so it's going to send you back to the couch with some doritos if you're like most of us out there that would need such a dvd...i wish i had ignored the professional or spotlight reviews and just read the customer ones. this dvd is awful!
too tricky for me.i have jennifer's crunch salsa dancing dvd, and it was my first dance exercise dvd.  i loved it so much i've been ordering a lot of others and ran across this one by the same instructor.  i find the moves too difficult and frustrating.  by the time you are close to having one step down, she's moving onto the next one, and it doesn't seem like you get to benefit from the repetitous moves that i enjoy in her crunch video.  in that one she started out slow, repepated it several times, then did it real time, and then added another combination the same way.  the end result was putting the two combinations together, so basically repeating four moves over and over, doing about six dance routines all together, which was good enough for me.  when i do it now, i just go right to real time and ignore the slow start, so i haven't been bored at all.  she looks great in this video, but i agree with another review that they do not focus on her feet at all.  basically i ended up watching her dance and kept marching in circles.  but if i was a good dancer, this would probably be a lot of fun.
disappointng.i was really excited when i saw this dvd and really deflated when i actually attempted to complete it!..the instructor gives relatively little if any instruction on how to successfully complete moves; and she switches from combo to combo, move to move and it is virtually impossible to keep up.  i have also never sweated so much in my life, mostly from a rise in my blood pressure from anger and frustration!  i am in relatively good shape; i walk up to 3 miles a day and wanted this to break the routine.  in only broke my spirits!..unless you are an accomplished club hopper or a trained hoofer, stay away!  one of the worst workouts i have ever seen
choose this dvd if you want to be discouraged and feel crappy about yourself.i can't believe that other reviewers are calling the moves in this video "easy to master".  i found some of them to be nearly impossible to follow.  the camara barely focuses on her feet as she perfoms intricate latin dance footwork!  i am an athletic twenty-three year old girl who is not a slow learner.  i just excercised with this dvd for the first time and it was really tough!  i didn't get a work out at all because i was scratching my head and rewinding the thing so much.  she doesn't break down the moves at all and it's just so much more confusing than it needs to be.  the dances are cute, but it's frustrating that she doesn't explain the moves.  i hope no one else has to waste their money on this stupid thing
noam chomsky - distorted morality: america's war on terror?.could fall asleep easily. reminds me of poly. sci. 101.the q  a session in the end is good.
noam is an hypocrite.noam hates the western world all the while living in america and enjoying the conforts of western civilization. maybe he should live in a communist country to get some perspective on what his ideas amount to...some people have told that i dont really know what i am talking about here. i can only recommend them to read what noam wrote about cuba. hope to see you there noam
disapointed.found this presentation very poor. after reading many of his books prior to seeing him deliver this speech, i was a greatly disappointed. it was a mumbled fumbled repetitive delivery with the most important facts obfusicated with a line like -i think you all know what im referring to here. i suggest read his books they are much better structured and more to the point. i give this dvd one star and repeat- read his books! dont be lazy and expect to get much out of this, i ask myself how can he be an mit professor with such poor teaching skills, an off (ice) prof ?
brilliant !!!!!!!.once again, chomsky shows he is one of the most brilliant men alive! it's all america's fault! - the evils of capitalism! long live socialism! yet the man is able to publish the same book every six months and charge $14.95 for it brilliant!.from marxist to capitalist in one easy printing!
i don't care so much about the foul language..i'm a big fan of the sopranos so obviously the f word doesn't bother me but this entire series seems like an excuse to show cowboys say the f word and mf. the stories and characters are superficial, boring and unintelligent..   people who like this show are the same people who think that what makes the sopranos a great show is because people get "whacked" a lot.
my deadwood experience.i looked forward to the first episode of "deadwood," hoping hbo would reinvent the western they way they had reinvented the mob movies with "the sopranos."..about ten or fifteen minutes in, i finally told myself that if one more person used a particular profanity--it starts with a c and ends with sucker--i was going to turn it off...i didn't get that thought out before i heard it again.  so i shut it off...i hear enough profanity in my daily life and i get plenty from movies and tv..too much, way too much
bob roberts: maybe even more relevant fourteen years later?.bob roberts is as relevant today as it was some fourteen years ago. converting ideological outsiders does not seem to be its primary goal. it is echo chamber entertainment meant only for the already committed leftist. needless to point out, this is not exactly surprising. tim robbins, after all, who starred, directed, and even sang in the  film is one of hollywood's best know radical personalities. to be blunt, he is a less talented oliver stone. the script turns conservatives into cartoon characters. there is no attempt whatsoever to try understanding their world view. they are simplistically portrayed as fascists seeking any excuse to justify taking over the country. bob roberts (tim robbins) is a republican u.s. senatorial candidate hoping to defeat incumbent pennsylvanian democrat brickley paiste (gore vidal). he is vile and not above using dirty tricks to achieve his aims. as the story unfolds, roberts is well behind in the polls. a leftist journalist portrayed by giancarlo esposito tries to further derail roberts' campaign by revealing his drug running and other criminal activities. will he be successful? can a journalist representing a small left-wing publication take down the rich and powerful? you will not be glued to your seat due to the suspense, but the story line isn't a complete bore. if nothing else, you will see countless well known motion picture stars come and go throughout the story. ..did you ever wonder why the far-left became unglued over the iraqi liberation of 2003? well, bob roberts should help enlighten you. it makes numerous references to desert storm, our first invasion of iraq in 1991. the conflict was allegedly a conspiracy concocted by the devious right-wing "national security council." this group really runs the country, and not our elected leaders. the republican administration of george bush 41 only wanted to dominate the region. our greedy military-industrial complex had to be satisfied, and would not take no for an answer. saddam hussein was not another adolph hitler---but a minor league dictator. senator brickley paiste dismisses him as merely another member of "the villain of the month club." ..david thomson.flares into darknes
chilling little satire.although the script was written in the mid-1980s, "bob roberts" doesn't feel dated. instead it feels like it was written today about the current state of american politics. the title character, bob, is a conservative folk singer who runs for the u.s. senate, but the cynical political machinations easily belong to politicians of any stripe. what struck me after watching this movie was how easily lead and deluded we are as citizens. while i thought that the message of the movie was right on target, i didn't care as much for the mock documentary style of the film. it kept me at a distance from the characters and, as a result, i didn't care as much about them as i might have done
overrated.i first saw "bob roberts" in 1992, when it came out and when i was younger and further to the left than i am now, and i thought it was terrific. looking back on it, i'm amazed at how easily manipulated i was...the movie purports to be an expos of how conservatives exploit the media to pander to voters' baser emotions. but "bob roberts" does just that to pander to the paranoia and hysteria of the strident left, which has become ever more strident and paranoid since george w. bush became president (see some of the five-star reviews of this movie, which use words like "nazipuglican" to describe the writers' political opponents)...various snipes of mine about the movie:..- its actual hero, the "muckraking" left-wing journalist, can be found ranting on countless marxist blogs these days. robbins has the character murdered, but in real life the cia has higher priorities than killing off loons who discredit themselves with their own lunacy...- the preachy right-wing folk songs that roberts sings are matched in their wooden polemics and poor musicianship by any number of preachy left-wing folk songs that can be heard on college radio stations and in coffeehouses across the u.s...- the television producer's liberal assistant who shuts off all the electricity in the tv studio where roberts is about to perform is no heroine. she's a censor, pure and simple, just like the campus morons who attend speeches by those with whom they disagree in order to drown them out with shouting, chanting, and booing. no wonder the audience in the [people's republik of] cambridge, ma movie theatre in which i first saw "bob roberts" gave her a hearty round of applause...- but the part of the film that gets me the angriest, 13 years later, is the exchange between one of roberts' campaign workers, a black man, and a liberal black woman. she essentially accuses him of being an "uncle tom." he asks her mildly, "can't black people have differences of opinion?" she snaps back, "oh, you're still black?" this mindset, promulgated by the jesse jacksons and al sharptons of this world, has done more in the last 30 years to keep black americans poor than any klansman has...and it's still going on, as can be seen by the left's ugly snipes at condi rice and, most recently, at lt. gov. michael steele of maryland...i'm giving "bob roberts" two stars, not one, because it did have its moments, and because was in fact something of a pioneer in hollywood in illustrating the mechanisms behind political media machines, long before "wag the dog" came out. but if you want to see thoughtful moviemaking from robbins, rent "dead man walking.
this type of movie is often anti-climactic.."what lies beneath" is the type of ghost story movie in the same mold as "stir of echoes", and what i mean by this is that it is a revenge ghost story.  in other words, the ghost in the movie is not the malevolent entity in the movie, but the ghost's killer is.  however, these type of revenge ghost story movies do not work very well to present a truly pure horror movie viewing experience because once you realize the ghost just wants revenge, the focus of the movie changes to the punishment of the mortal killer(s) and much of the suspense and mystery of the supernatural becomes secondary or maybe even lost completely.  this is unfortunate and such is the case with both "what lies beneath" and "stir of echoes".  harrison ford and michelle pfeiffer star in "what lies beneath" and they are both great actors and i have no problem with them in this movie...no, it's the script that i do not feel presents pure and unadulterated horror.  if you just want to see a drama, this movie is fine but, as a horror movie, it does not function well as such...in fact, as a horror movie, this movie sucks.  the only movie like this that actually works as a horror movie in my opinion is a movie called "the changeling" with george c. scott...i would recommend "the changeling" any day over "what lies beneath" or any other movie like this which have become somewhat popular in the horror genre over the last 10-15 years.  unfortunately, these movies are riddled by a common anti-climactic flaw which extinguishes the mystery of the supernatural which ignited the audience's interest in the movie in the first place.  if people think this is a good drama, that is fine, but i just hate it when i read reviews and get all excited about watching a horror movie and it turns out the movie sucks as a horror movie...such is the case with "what lies beneath"
unnecessarily epic....after 40 minutes of objective viewing, and shot after superfluous shot, i sat through another 30 minutes in pain. i've come to the fairly well informed conclusion that either peter jackson can only do epics wheather it calls for it or not, or lotr in all it's incarnations had immense levels of supervision for jacksons from higher-ups. kong is not an epic, it is a tragedy. tell me to watch the whole thing, if you will, but if the film is constructed so poorly 70 minutes in, i don't need to. on another note. jurassic park had better cgi than this. mr. jackson, no more 'epic fly-by shots please.
awful.the depression era introduction was the best part of this movie as another reviewer mentioned. from the moment they reached king kong's island the movie quickly spiraled to a painful viewing experience. i felt no sympathy for the big stupid ape. how can anyone feel anything for king kong? he keeps a village hostage to a tiny part of an island, forces them to provide him sacrificial women, and tortures the female star of the movie. it seems so ridiculous that she ends up liking king kong. the villains of the movie were my heroes. i kept hoping they would succeed in killing him so the pain of this awful movie would end
garbage for all seasons!!.this was a mess. this movie gave me the feeling that i was was watching a really bad made for tv film. i was mesmerized at how deplorable the acting was. everyone just seemed like they were sleep-walking through their roles. viggo mortensen is generally a decent actor but in this he acted like he was just acting in this so he could pay off a car loan. all in all, this film was predictable, formulaic and a bore. please save your money for something worthwhile
nothing to marvel over..i wanted to see this film in theaters. i am a cronen fan. i admit. i wasn't really a huge fan on viggo mortensen. i never read the book, but somehow i was drawn to this film, indirectly...so, i wait for the dvd. which isn't such a bad dvd as it is a film. firstly, there are no surprises. any surprises this movie could possibly have in store for us was revealed in either the trailer, the dvd cover, or the dvd ad. viggo's performance as a whole, wasn't too shabby. ed harris was obviously the one man shining through this dark and boring movie. so in this small, secluded town tom stall aka 'joey, turns out to save some lives and becomes a hero. although, it turns out tom stall wasn't much of a hero as he was a villain. that's about it. the movie drags it ending around like a dogs rear on the carpet...the sex scenes felt out of place more than anything. i couldn't stress that enough. i'm going to be blunt. they are too random. they are in bad taste. they are uncomfortable. they are very much disliked by me, personally...and finally, the ending. the ending was probably the most empty finish i've ever witnessed. tom stall goes after his brother, takes care of him, drives back, and sits down for a nice meal with the family. three words. fade to black...i give this movie 2 out of 5 stars. for two reasons. some of the action scenes were interesting, and ed harris. i would not recommend this film
can i get some coffee please!.if there ever was a movie more hyped in 2005 it was "history of violence" on critics top ten list, everyone was talking about the performances of viggo and maria and ed, so i went into it with high expectations. honestly it wasn't horrible, but it wasn't worth all the worship that the hollywood community and critics heaped upon it either. the story of a humble family man in a small town who thwarts two cold blood murderers, only to be visited afterwards by his past in the shape of ed harris , who in my opinion had the best performance overall. ed (mr. fogarty) is in the mob and seems to think that viggo (tom) is joey cusack a former mobster who went missing after killing his friends and wounding his eye and now he wants revenge. tom, and his wife edie (played by maria bello) have two children, a farmhouse, and a diner and tom insist that he isn't joey. the story goes on, dragging and dragging with tiny spots of violence and sex. maria bello has never been one of my favorite actresses, i think her acting ability is a natural as her blonde hair (evidence is in the movie) she brings the level of believability down and makes viggo's performance seem like he is trying to make up for her lack of talent. we soon figure out that tom is indeed joey and after we say goodbye to ed harris's character (of which i was just disappointed to see, c'mon he was awesome!) tom/joey goes to see his brother, richie (william hurt) to make amends for disappearing, and soon realizes that richie wants him dead. so more killing, more blood, and tom/joey is finally free of his past, if his family would take him back. of course they do, really, his redemption is yawn worthy set around a dinner table (his daughter sets a place for him...) and the movie is over. there was no aha moment, the action wasn't anything new, the story was predictable and the setting was "been there done that". viggo is an amazing actor, and if there had been a better script he might have come across as more tortured and the tom/joey duality could have come off as truly horrific to change back into, the shift of reality was barely noticeable. maria bello, needs to stop being cast in these dramatic roles where she is some tough, sexy, stringy haired ball breaker who is kinda motherly, it doesn't work for her, she cannot pull it off. so i don't recommend this movie, its slow, its disappointing and its not all it was cracked up to be
bias media on media bias.starts off with an interesting premise about media influence and politcal power but turns into bush bashing anti-corperate rant.the problem with the media is bias, the problem with this film is the same bias
moral relativism =propaganda.the high praise heaped on this is by people who have never actually read anything by george orwell ( or francis schaeffer, or theodore dalrymple or even john mortimer -for the loyal opposition)-trite, smug and arrogant opinions that warm themselves by the fires of this anti intellectual screed should have the honesty to read paleo conservative journals like american conservative to see that discontent with neocon foreign policy ( that went on for a full 8 years under clinton as well) is challenged by both those on the left and the right.it is the lack of intellectual analysis and clarity that has created our current crisis. try reading "how shall we then live?" by schaeffer or dalrymple's "our culture ,what's  left of it" for a more intelligent and cogent analysis
please enter a title for your review.interesting premise, but the plot is like swiss cheese. .this review will just be a point by point of all the major things that i found so implausable that i couldn't just suspend disbelief and enjoy the ride. spoilers alert. .i wasn't able to make the leap to believing sarah's sudden turn towards malicious opportunism as soon as she saw the cash. when questioned about what she would do if she found some hypothetical millions, she insists with chirpy disinterest that she would certainly turn it in. just one scene of her looking longingly at a brochure for a holiday she couldn't afford would have established some repressed dissatisfation with her life situation, but her general demeanor seemed to suggest not only comfort, but satisfaction. .why did hank decide he would burn the money instead of return it if it turned out someone legitimately owned it? surely it wouldn't be too difficult to anonymously return it without being implicated in it's disappearance..the first murder, after the old guy regained consciousness, why did hank not try to negotiate with or threaten the old guy to keep quiet about his brother assaulting him? for hank, finishing the job his brother started didn't seem like an absolute last resort, it seemed like he took the murder lightly. .when hank got home apparently he volunteered information to his wife about what he'd just done. what? like he knew she'd be understanding about it or something? hi honey, i'm home, by the way i just killed a man to protect the money. wtf?.when jacob shot lou to protect hank, why didn't hank just give the tape back before it got to that point? .the shotgun impact on lou's wife was cartoonishly ridiculous, sending her flying three feet into the air when the blast didn't even hit her at an upward trajectory. .and the final ridiculous flaw. jacob taking the fake fbi agent's gun, and instead of just shooting himself before his brother had time to react, he hands it to his brother, and charges him with the responsibility of killing him, setting up the final emotional crescendo of the film. supposedly the explanation was that it wouldn't look like the fake fbi agent shot jacob if the shot was fired at point blank range, but why not? why couldn't forensic investigators at the scene believe an altercation could have transpired where jacob charged at the gunman from behind when he was about to shoot the sheriff, wrestled with him, and wound up taking a point blank shot to the head? it really makes no sense. .one inspiredly believable moment i will give them film credit for is hank's difficulty in finding the bullets in the sheriff's office and loading the gun. a lazier writer would have just had him find the gun loaded..if the major plot developments were fleshed out in more detail to be made believable this could have been a great film. as it is, it's a frustratingly flaw-ridden glimpse of what could have been and a waste of time to watch.
to the writer of the review entitled "an especially prescient film".the many toubled, undemocratic areas of africa don't have leaders that have sworn to stop at nothing until the united states is destroyed.  whether or not he actually had the capability to do so, the leader of iraq did so swear and he did lead the world to believe that he had such capability.  but thanks for commenting...as for the film, i know it won a couple oscars and all, but i just didn't like it.  i thought the editing was poor, that the scenes were long and often unnecessary.  although the story was good, a modern director would have put it together a lot better
not what i expected.i read the only review for this item and ordered it, expecting to see a fantastic display of sound and some of the interaction of these artists with mr hancock as they created music, each colaborating to have a unique blend of sounds..actually this is only a documentary showing this interaction, and as such is very interesting..but if you are looking to see an hear the full length videos of these great colaborations you will be disappointed, that is not included in this dvd. only small samples are there for you to see..this was a real disapointmet because the quality of video and audio are fantastic.
pathetic.stupefying and moronic is the most apt description of this waste of celluloid. though made during the cold war, its portrayal of russian people is unfairly mean-spirited and in a review i read elsewhere, it was described as xenophopic. i would go so far as to say it is propagandistic. its the kind of film which will appeal to today's dumbed-down american who thinks he's a little more special than everyone else in the world and that he has the right to blow up foreign villages and otherwise disregard laws and civil behavior. the idiotic characters justly deserved the punishment they received in this pathetic film
the firm.great movie but cd not perfoming in the last few scenes.  it gets stuck or restarts itself.  very frustrating and more frustrating to have to return new cd
i wish i could go lower than this..this is horrendous movie. i will never claim it as the movie of my generation. it's one of the many reasons why i absolutely hate the "80's". the others are:breakdancing, the yuppie lifestyle,power hungry businessmen/women, women with manly handshakes, new wave music, and junk movies like this. i know that the main character is nothing less than a manipulator who is only concerned about himself, and what he can get out of life. he ridicules his friend because he's sick, and doesn't feel like driving ferris around...especially in a ferrari that mysteriously gets lost in the parking garage, so what am i left to believe i have to wonder if this is where ice cube got the inspiration for "it was a good day". i don't care what decade it was, or what was cool back then, or now manipulating your friends is "not" i repeat"not" cool. i know with john and johnette q. public this is something of a sexual relase. i could picture private parts of men and women everywhere getting soaking wet from this movie, and i find it so repulsive that everyone out there finds this funny.
disappointing follow up to "what the bleep....:.i love this topic as discovered in what the bleep. however this book as a follow up is a disappointment. it is basically a documentary of how the scientists did the experiments and does not really expand on the significane of the findings or offer any new eye opening insights. the dvd is especially boring to watch. the book at least has some nice pictures
ludicrous!.this dvd was probably the stupidest thing i have ever watched.  there is not a shred of science or scientific method anywhere in this production.  the water crystals are pretty ;-) but everything else about this production is complete nonsense
was this a joke.hmmmm  funny thing this was released on dvd and not in a scientific journal...don't waste your time with fake science there are plenty of real science out there :-
typical rom-com for genre/bullock/affleck fans only.if you've seen one you've seen them all. uptight guy by chance meets quirky girl, she brings him out of his shell...well, i bought this for like two dollars, and maybe it was worth it. i watch it like once a year. no special features on dvd worth mentioning...ben affleck is getting married, he has to fly down to the south from ny for the wedding. but things keep getting in his way. forces of nature. also, he keeps running into, and can't seem to get away from, some weird chick (bullock). are these signs? should he stop being so uptight, and go with this free-spirited chick? or should he be an adult and get married and accept his vanilla lifestyle?..the acting in this movie is "meh", meaning sandra has the same personality that she has in every movie; and affleck sucks, as usual. the other small parts are well done, for the most part...the script is formulaic, and the cinematography at times is interesting. it's just another rom-com where the whacky girl brings the uptight guy out of his shell. the movie opens with a stripper scene, no nudity. there is also a pot-smoking scene in this movie. there is also a scene where affleck strips at a gay bar. just thought i'd throw that in, in case you're considering buying this for your teen daughter or something, and that kind of thing bothers you...you only need to buy this is you are a rom-com fanatic, or a big fan of either affleck or bullock. otherwise this is completely forgettable.
gobbledygook  self-righteousness  pretentious twaddle make for a terrible movie.there is a certain new-fangled school of screenwriting that thinks that if you put a bunch of characters on screen and have them make no sense of one another but sound as if theyre being profound, then they are. the prime example of this in recent years is the abominable "crash", but at least that was (somewhat) assuaged by strong performances. this -- arguably the worst "mainstream" motion picture of 2005 -- is redeemed by nothing. an excruciatingly long 2 hours, and as much as i (usually) enjoy george clooney, i might never forgive him for this drek
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.me and a female friend went and watched this one in the theater. i ... was ... bored ... out ... of ... my ... skull. after about a half hour my friend, who tends to be more "progressive" than i, actually suggested we leave. it was the first time either of us have ever left while the movie was playing. ever!..perhaps i'm biased. however i highly recommend that no one get this movie. the only reason i can think that anyone would give it a good rating is because of its political slant. i tend to lean to the right, but even i was entertained by v for vendetta, despite it being blatant liberal propaganda. if you are going to pontificate about how we conservatives are evil, at least make it interesting
not good....just rented this dvd and was quite surprised.  normally, i'm a big george clooney and matt damon fan.  however, in this film, their talents were underutilized and did not make up for the poor script, editing, and direction which made this film quite dull to watch...while the idea behind the movie is good, it could have been more entertaing, dramatic, or suspensful.  as another reviewer remarked, i was quite tempted to shut it off after 45 minutes and watch something else.  but, i did suffer through to the end, where the film just sort of ends and leaves viewers hanging..
syri-sucka....this film is boring, so much so that i could only take 35 minutes of it before i was forced to push stop. this is a soap opera about politics  oil companies. it's weird jump around style is confusing  pointless...do yourself a favor and don't bother w/ this garbage
the legend reworked....to be fair, the legends of herakles, as they were originally written, have little to do with this movie, but maybe that's for the best.  having grown up on superman, batman and the justice league, i have a hard time calling a person like herakles a hero.  in the original legends, he was a warrior, but also a brute who eventually wound up killing his wife and children in a fit of rage.  he also wasn't, as far as i can tell, as strong as in this version..therefore, interpretations of herakles are, i think, to be judged not on whether or not they deviate from the legend, but on where and why..disney has attempted to take herakles (or hercules, in the roman) and make it a story about a true hero, and a perfect one at that.  there's nothing i like more than perfect heroes.  they inspire me.  conceptually, i like the idea..instead of herakles being the illegitimate son of zeus and a mortal woman, he's conceived in love by zeus and hera and turned mortal by a potion.  not bad.  as changes go, it works better than most..herc meets meg at the beginning of his hero carreer and falls instantly in love with her and she with him (another deviation from the legend, and a very good improvement.)  of course, because hera is his mother in this version, she can't be herc's enemy, so they make his opponent hades; lord of the dead, which could be worse, as changes go.  i've never seen hades as being all that bad of a guy, but that's how it goes.  then there's the hydra, which is, if anything, much larger and more powerful than it was originally, so that's good too.  aside from this, however, i have to say i was disappointed with most of the changes..the titans, to start with, were underplayed considerably.  it might have been premature to mention that they were zeus' predecessors, but they could at least have given them powers similar to what they actually had, and a roughly-similar appearance.  oceanus, for example, lashing out with blasts of water from his hands like a fire hose, or cronos reversing the movements of his olympian enemies would have made for an excellent action sequence, particularly since hercules didn't beat the titans alone in the original stories, nor does it make sense that he should in this one (grabbing a whirlwind?  come on now.).i actually didn't mind hades' used-car-salesman demeanor all that much, though i didn't see a reason why he should have flame-based powers when that's clearly apollo's territory.  further, i thought most of the gods and muses were given no credit at all in terms of their innately glorious nature..why is this the case?  i think disney made the mistake, in this film, of not just trying to make the legends clean, but fun as well, and there's nothing fun about war.  i'm not saying they couldn't have made the concept work.  in fact, i'm saying they could have made it work if they'd toned down the comedy and given the characters a bit of respect (justice league style.).still, for what it's worth, this is one of the few movies left in the world that isn't afraid to dwell on the concept of a hero, and for that it's worth at least one viewing.  rent it from your local video store, in my opinion, before you make your decision
the film deserves no credit. disney thinks that people are too stupid to read the great stories that they changed..i am so mad at disney and their movie "hercules" because they changed the film just because they think they will get away with changing stories. i like greek mythology, but the movies have not been good at all. and this weak effort is not going to do anything about it. the plot has been changed completly, pegasus is never mentioned in the real version, he is not trying to impress people, he had no trainer, the lion and the lion skin is not mentioned, the hydra fight is because of a different reason, ugly characters, hercules was never in love with a chick, hades is not a bad guy but he is not good either, and all kinds of things that i won't mention. ..don't buy this movie because it is completly different, why don't you read greek mythology instead of watching this
great movie, but no option for hearing anglophones.this version of the dvd promises on the cover that english or english closed captioning is available. in fact, the menu provides only english with closed captions, with all the little sound descriptions like [water sloshing], [cattle lowing], [people muttering] which, while possibly useful to the hearing-impaired, are a constant irritation for a hearing, non-swedish-speaking viewer. i'm returning this dvd and will wait 'til fox gets their presentation right, in line with the features description on the case. sheesh
guilty as charged.the case: high crimes begins with grainy footage of a bunch of bodies lined up in a grungy town, while an elderly woman wails over and over.  we flash back to the happy marriage of claire (ashley judd) and tom kubik (james caviezel) who are trying to start a family.  she's a successful lawyer; he's a successful marine.  their life is disrupted by a break-in by some punks.  ..in a trend that is highly representative of the disjointed plotline of high crimes, tom is suddenly arrested.  tom's name is actually sergeant ron chapman, and he is wanted for the execution of a bunch of people in another country. but tom/ron proclaims his innocence, complicated by the fact that claire is pregnant.  ..so claire buckles down.  she decides to stand by her man and act as counsel on the case after meeting ron's defense, lieutenant terrence embry (adam scott), a newbie for sure.  claire's not dumb; she knows she needs help.  she pulls in dr. alex cross...i mean charles w. grimes, played by morgan freeman.  complicating things is jackie (amanda peet), claire's sister.  ..i'm bringing high crimes up on charges of opaque plot points, awful stereotypes, and worst of all, just being plain boring.  the charges are as follows:..high crime #1: using grimes' alcoholism for laughs.  it's not funny and it's insulting to alcoholics...high crime #2: portraying the marines as bloodthirsty, incompetent thugs who terrorize women and the downtrodden. it's offensive to just about everyone in the armed forces...high crime #3: the jackie character doesn't need to be in the movie. peet's sole purpose is apparently to walk around in underwear so that judd doesn't have to.  ..high crime #4: idiotic clues.  ambidextrous people do not all throw things back and forth in their hands; that is certainly not indicative of a person being a criminal.  worse, in the flashback sequences, the main bad guy tosses an ak-47 (not an easy weapon to toss around) back and forth in his hands.  all to demonstrate he's ambidextrous and therefore the killer...high crime #5: a long, drawn-out (115 minute) plot with a depressing conclusion that doesn't make up for any of the nonsense we had to put up with to get to the end...lesser charges: unbelievable plot points (a civilian lawyer defending her military husband?), choppy editing (what does the break-in have to do with anything?), cheesy music that telegraphs when bad things are about to happen (tm), characters that appear out of nowhere and then disappear until conveniently needed, and really stupid terror tactics by the shadowy bad guys...your honor, i find high crimes guilty of all of the above charges and recommend both judd and freeman be given better acting opportunities, yuri zelster and grace cary bickley sent to writing school, and director carl franklin sentenced to acting in the alf christmas special...again.
plot  holes big enough to drive a truck through.fine acting, especially by morgan freeman. unfortunately the drunk but brilliant lawyer is a bit of a  cinematic cliche..then we have to deal with the conspiracy by the military and the husband being the fall guy. (don't read any further if you want to watch this movie)  so we go through this whole conspiracy investigation, the general is sufficiently blackmailed to have the charges dropped, then the guy ends up as having done it after all. so then the conspiracy was really a bogus plot device to mislead the audience. the phone taps,ashley judd being followed, getting beaten up, etc, etc, etc, all misdirection by the writers and director. but the cast and acting were all good
waste of time....as much as i like morgan freeman and ashley judd, i really wanted to like this film.  i enjoyed them in kiss the girls, and i expected another interesting film.  their performances were the only bright spot, but they couldn't rescue this movie.  this film was so unbelievable and disjointed it made me want to scream.  there was absolutely nothing in this film that was plausible.  as many other reviewers noted (i only wish i had read the reviews before i wasted 2 hours with this celluloid pile of feces), it was so very predictable.  ..i rented 2 films yesterday, and i had trouble watching both of them, for very different reasons.  the other film was "monster", starring charlize theron and christina ricci.  i almost couldn't watch that film because it was so realistic and it just sucked me into the story and i forgot that it was a movie.  it absolutely is a gripping story, and ms. theron richly deserved the best actress oscar that she received for it.  conversely, i almost couldn't watch high crimes because it was so ridiculous.  do yourself a favor and skip this one.
corny.i think this dvd was corny.  i've been getting dvds and vhs for years, as i would rather exercise at home then spend time getting to a from the gym.  i've seen some with poor cueing, and others i do long enough that it's time to move on to something new.  i'm not sure how to pinpoint or put words to my impression of this, but karen seemed very unreal, and i want something more down to earth.  i like seeing strong women that i would like to be more like, and while the guy and gal in the back were fine, karen was just too annoying up front
deathcab for ambien....zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz."touring is an emotional rollercoaster"...wow guys, tell me something that steve perry didn't cover about twenty years ago when journey did their own 'my life on the road is hard", video. blah blah blah. if you're looking for new ideas or insights you aren't going to find them here. if you are looking for any visual stimulation besides the "random town through window" b-roll, good luck. i admit, i love their music and, in print, deathcab interviews well...but this little filmstrip fails to capture either very well. which probably is less of a critique on the band than the film-maker/editor. (who knows what a better cutter might have come up with.) on the pro side, they did shoot it all in 16mm and some of the extras (the lightness demo in particular) are excellent. buy their music?  yes, see them live?  - yes. buy this dvd? only if you want something to half-watch while your doing your taxes.
blah-spend your money somewhere else...i really liked death cab until i bought this-yuck! if you enjoy a whole dvd of a band complaining about how hard it is to be on the road and singing the same songs every night-then go for it! they seem like a bunch of pretentious jerks-this did not help their image. i know its so tough touring the world playing the  music you love, but don't make a whole dvd devoted to your whining...yuck again
basic concept missed.the music and dance moves are fun but a basic concept in exercise was missed here. all of the shots are taken from the front. unless your brain can rapidly learn and perform dance moves with the opposite side of the body that you are viewing, you will be awfully confused. it is much easier to learn body movements when viewing the instructor from behind, so that your can copy the moves with the same side of the body...one of the few exercise videos that does this is the firm's "boomers." too bad it's not available anymore
tha' feed back from 'tc' in  berkley............is korrect with this one. i haven't seen her video and i would not buy a single one because i know exactly what 'tc' is talking about.  ..this female moves waaaayyyy to fast for a person to grasp the moves.  ..how do i know you ask?...well, i have comcast cable and and if you hit "on demand"--she has a 12 minute session under 'life and fitness' (i think that's the heading).  ..she is under the 'quick workouts' section and she just ought 2 be, because that's just how quick she moves.....i guess in defense of the video...it doesn't say 'beginner'...but damn...hip~hop is just that...hip~hop...some of tha' moves can be a bit complicating and tha' foot work-- confusing...and it doesn't take a rocket scientist to understand that you need to slow it down--if you tryin' ta' teach it. ..you see tha' dancers on videos...it requires a lot of energy...she will have you (to me anyway) huffing and puffing a little to hard and to early in the game and never wanting to exercise again.  ..don't get me wrong...hmpff!...she moves great (not stiff like some) but if she wants to reach a broader audience...slow down and put the routine together after a few practices of each step!..i am one who views 'instructional' dvd's 2-3 times first b4 i try them...it helps you to memorize the routine i.e direction of the body, foot work (to some extent). ..but it doesn't work with this chick.  ..instructors are suppose to motivate you...but this female...can kill any motivation a person has who is trying really hard to gain better health. ..me...she won't kill mine...i'll just move to someone who understands that first impressions...applies to exercise instructors as well...don't give up!...i believe a good hip-hop aerobic session would/will be fun.  it will also help you burn a 'krap' load of calories with a proper diet...you just have to get the right instructor...bcuz baaaaby...she--is--not it!!!!!
the mothman travesty.three problems with this film:..1. pacing - the film's pacing doesn't vary.  it's very boring.  as a matter of fact, this wouldn't be a problem if the film were much more tense (e.g., "speed"), however this film lacks the high-action intensity to pull off such a slow expository speed.  ..2. effects - too many sequences of this film rely on color and light superimpositions, and there is an overabundance of high-speed imaging.  the scene changes that employ erratic barrages of images desensitize the viewer from the thrilling "horror" scenes.  furthermore, they fail to make enough sequential sense of the film's plot to really mean much to the film as a greater whole.  the upshot: the film relies too heavily on the art of editing, to the point where plot twists are no longer interesting.  ..3. triviality - the plot's conclusion quails in the face of the "so what?" question.  the viewer is left with a sense of, "i sat through the film for that?"  in light of points (1) and (2), this obnoxious bit is the icing on the cake.  ..don't waste your life...alon
well that was tedious.well folks, looks like we may have the most over praised movie of the current millennium right here. ("crash" comes close, but that film has a lot more detractors than this one, and many of those who liked it seemed to do so because they imagined, somehow, that it would "change the world".)  my beefs are not the same as most of those who don't like the film:  i don't much care that it may show an unrealistic picture of drug abuse, nor do i find it overly depressing.  fact is, it isn't depressing at all cause i didn't care.  it's just boring and annoying, sometimes at different moments, sometimes simultaneously.  this not a good combination...all right, here's a plot summary:  jared leto, marlon wayans, jennifer connelly and ellen burstyn all do drugs, and this really messes up their lives. i hate to give it all away like that, but there it is.  the fundamental flaw is this: i don't like any of these people, so their pain doesn't mean anything, and since that is all there is to this movie it absolutely fails to have any sort of effect.  maybe if aronofsky had put more time in to characterization it would've worked, but now there just isn't anything there.  as far as what's actually in the movie, we've got  jared leto as a stupid chunkhead who has inane conversations with his equally chunkheaded girlfriend jennifer connelly, who wants to be a fashion designer, or something.  beyond this we've got jared's mother, ellen burstyn, who is a weird old woman and marlon wayans as leto's friend who deals drugs with him at times and appears headed towards the big leagues.  i particularly love how there's no real attempt to make wayans into a person.  he's got one flashback about how he wanted to make his mom proud and that's it.  the doubly sad fact is that he's the most likable of the three.  he at least displays a little life.  connelly and leto apparently just wandered here from a bergman film and are so dull and slow that it's a wonder that the smack doesn't cause them to cease to exist entirely.  (well, connelly actually does coke, i think, but it fails to liven her up any.  also, i actually *like* the bergman films i've seen, so that's not really a fair comparison.)  they love each other, apparently, but since i don't even like either of them i'm not much interested.  finally, burstyn is mostly just creepy though her performance does take a turn for the hilarious as she goes off the deep end.  perhaps it wouldn't have been funny if i cared about her, but we've been over that...  ..and i want you people to know that i'm not utterly heartless when it comes to movies.  i can care about the characters, but none of these people did anything for me, so the movie's dead in the water.  for good counter examples watch "trainspotting", which has drug-addict characters with enough humor and life to be likable and interesting and "bubba ho-tep", a film which displays the plight of the lonely elderly 50 times better than this film despite being a silly horror-comedy with a mummy in a cowboy outfit in it.  on the other hand, neither of those movies is nearly as pretentious as "requiem for a dream", so watching them will do nothing to stroke your ego.  still, if that's all you want to kinda find plenty of films better than this one for that purpose.  .."requiem for a dream" isn't helped any by darren aronofsky's repetitive, derivative over-direction.  the trouble is, this movie hasn't got any plot to distract you from how redundant the visual style is.  there's nothing inherently wrong with any of his tactics, but they're hopelessly driven in to the ground, as we see fast-motion a thousand times, quick-cut montages a million times and plenty of wonky camera-attached-to-the-actor junk, and they are, again, impossible not to notice cause the plot sure ain't drawing me in.  i imagine that the overdone, repeating visual style is meant as a representation of the endless cycle found in drug use, but that doesn't make it any more pleasant or entertaining to watch.  the score suffers from the same problem as they use the same handful of themes over and over. ..truth be told, i thought this movie was pretty okay for about the first half, but then it really started to grate on me.  it became evident that no, aronofsky wasn't going to introduce any new visual tricks and no, these characters weren't going to get any more interesting.  i looked at the timer continuously for about the last 40 minutes of the film, and was so uninvolved that the supposedly horrifying conclusion where all the characters really get it bad was utterly ineffective.  it was kind of uplifting, really:  now that these tedious characters have finally hit rock bottom i can go do something else.  now that's a good ending...grade: d+ ..ps this is 500 reviews.  i doubt if i will write 500 more, but who knows
very poor dvd of a wonderful movie.this is one of my all-time favorite movies, but i was very disappointed with the dvd version.  in the middle of the movie, you will have to get up, go to your dvd player, and flip the dvd over to the second side to see the rest of the movie.  i don't know what bozo came up with that idea, but it defeats the purpose of relaxing and enjoying a good movie.  who wants to get up and flip the dvd over in the middle of the suspense?  this format takes stupidity to the next level.  i would highly recommend the vhs since i have it and it's wonderful.  i would not recommend the dvd until they do a better version.  the packaging is in paper and not durable at all, another truly bad idea.  dvd's should be in plastic cases, not paper
sorry for the huge and famous cast.this movie comes from john grisham's novel of the same title. most of the actions taking place in the novel were also presented in this movie. the spotlight reviews goodly summarize the movie, even when i don't agree with their rankings...the first movie's problem is the character's personalities, less credible many times. one reviewer well said the fbi's personnel looks rather wimpy.  the merciless coal fletcher looks like a simple clerk while he is the real president in the novel. on the other hand, the novel's heroine (darby shaw) losses her strong personality but at the same time behaves in obnoxious ways. for example, in one scene, she asks her best female friend to spread a gossip in college but darby does not care whatsoever for her friend's safety as in the novel; darby even tells her that "it's not good for her (darby) to stay there". darby does all the opposite in the novel. next, her friend does all what she says, this not credible...the second movie's error is the way the show the events. for example, as i said fletcher is not portrayed as a tough way, there's even an scene where we see his seeing his family's picture at his desk, really charming; however he is still punished in the movie. any honest person who does not let to be impressed by the reputations of the actors and director should admit that the movie is not always understandable. i watched this movie right when released in 1992 and i didn't understand it but the huge julia roberts' success was on its highest so i didn't think much, just considered it was sort of boring. now, i read the novel, watched the movie again and understood the movie was flawed. in fact, all bad guys in the movie were only small fishes who chased darby. ..i also complain that the movie shows some misbehaviour as good ones. for example, in one scene the president asks the fbi chief (voyles) to stop a crime investigation. voyles offers to do it in exchange of favours. this is plain corruption yet the movie made it look like a cocktail party! in another scene one character (callahan) is about to start driving while drunk and darby only plays a little bit to stop him just to finally let him get on his car. ..the movie added a few action scenes the novel doesn't have, yet it is quite boring. the novel has less action, yet it is more exciting
anyone/anything would have been better.ok- so i can see there are some die-hard julia roberts fans out there.  too bad.  just raving about her will never improve her acting skills (an oxymoron). actually, the poor quality of this movie is astounding, considering its director, the cast (excepting our girl julia) and the book upon which it was based. though he's done some much better work, when pakula threw this film together he was clearly thinking of only one thing:  "hmm, 'presumed innocent' was a winner. let's follow that same formula and do another one. it'll sell." unfortunately, by the time the story from the book by john grisham got to the screen, it lacked any of its original punch.  as for denzel, he should be ashamed of himself. he's about as enthusiastic in this as a turtle heading for the beach. i guess he probably needed the cash for another house.  then again, he's opposite julia. no further comment needed  -other than, save your money
not worth $107.i purchased my version of el hazard from a zshop for 19 bucks and i am so glad that i did..that said, the first series is worth watching for two main reasons: overt lesbianism and jinnai. the former is self-explanatory while the latter (jinnai) is without a doubt the best character in the series (despite the fact that he is the antagonist). you can't say that any of the characters are very deep or well developed, but throughout the first series jennai is by far the most satisfyingly fleshed-out character, as well as the most ammusing and true to his nature. this superiority is all the more appearant when he is contrasted with story's main character who is shallowly developed and in no way engaging..and this is what makes the second series (all four dismal episodes) so tragic: they nerfed jinnai. he could never have been called a genius in the first series, but he was decidedly intelligent, cool, pragmatic, supremely self-confident and an effective leader (even though he was also manic and delusional). in el hazard ii, as if in response to the world recoiling at the sight of a humorous though competent villain, they have turned jinnai into a slapstick-idiot persuing his increasingly nebulous ambition with foolish abandon..i suggest purchasing el hazard through...alternate means,... watching the first series and discarding the second. let's face it: even lesbian humor gets old when the writing sucks and the characters are empty
no bloopers!!!.i hate to say this about such an amazing show, but unless you can find it for $19.95 or less, do not buy it.  this season does not have an out-takes feature.  ..no comedy on tv should release a dvd without a bloopers reel.  scrubs has always been known for the best bloopers.  it's why many of us shell out $25-$30 for the season as soon as it hits the shelves.  interviews with the cast and crew are only valuable to the cast and crew, and deleted scenes are useful to remind the writers that you care about them.  but the audience wants to be entertained with more than what we can see on comedy central in a few months.  seriously, the show is in syndication now, and the value of the actual episodes goes way south after that...give me more to make me laugh
lacking of the facts.don't let a propoganda wheel fool you of the truth..1. the miami herald gained access to all florida ballots and did their own recount, at their own time --- who won? bush! ----- http://www.usatoday.com/news/washington/2001-04-03-floridamain.htm..2. there is a case that african american voters were turned away - however, where is the same case for the many haitan american voters who were also turned away in droves, who are known to be sympathetic towards republican causes..the filmmakers had a chance to make a point about voter rights and election problems - they turned this to an attack against president bush and republicans instead..sadly, their message will only be heard by bush-haters, instead of the world, because of their decisio
more proaganda than documentary.bottom line....1. if you liked gore, you will love it and visa versa..2. it is one-sided, plain and simple.  .3. nobody considers the poor inept voter who failed to comprehend a simple ballot, or the responsibility of a voter to unsterstand at least enough english to distinguish "gore from bush".  democrats wanted quantity, and the lack of quality also extended into the indecisive and ambiguous recount procedures that hundreds of lawyers just couldn't get right.
deniro is only star in this so-so crime drama..this film is disappointing, considering the acting talent used in it.  the story is about a cop whose son gets into some trouble, and is supposedley framed.  his father, the cop (deniro) must try to stay within the boundaries of his job while at the same time clear his troubled sons name of the crime.  it is not very suspenseful and the end result, regardless what avenue they take, is dull.  there is no wonder for who really committed the crime, who framed who, or who will come out the victor in the end of the movie.  it just falls flat and it's to bad that deniro wasted his time and talents being in this film.  if you want some great crime drama films that push this to shame, try recent movies like along came a spider, man on fire, or collateral.  deeper plots without the predictable outcomes
not yet received.i have not yet received this item.  hopefully, it is on its way.  it has been over three weeks
too loud.when the background music completely overpowers the dialogue, you may as well turn it off.  the background music was piercing and i needed to have the remote in hand to keep adjusting the volume.  not everyone has perfect hearing and shows with overwhelming background music are becoming the norm.  a shame because otherwise i could have enjoyed crash
sum of all stars? zero!.maybe no one noticed but towards the end of the movie when the russian president and jack ryan are talking to each other through the computer, repeat is spelled "reapeat".  on top of that, the acting was horrible...this movie didn't take itself seriously enough.  ben affleck sucked as much as he did in this movie as he did in pearl harbor
good supporting cast, lead man is lost.other reviewers who detail the silly political-correctness and faux-politics are right... this is clancy-for-dummies.  ford's jack ryan was sometimes a step behind, but in a believable way.  the audience was right beside ryan, and when he put 2 and 2 together and took action, boy, did he take action.  ben affleck's jack ryan is terminally lost, pouting and confused while the audience waits for him to figure things out and do something productive (or at least interesting?).  this is going to go down as the "star wars prequel" of clancy movies--the one you try to forget exists as part of the saga you love.
i tried, but it is not very good.its tough when you watch and work out to a video that has people leading that shouldn't be on film, this was a one time viewing that i cannot watch or try agai
manipulation.this is a crass emotional manipultion..all be it well produced manipulation that gives the viewer a warm fuzzy feeling while very slyly promoting war..suggesting war is a duty to your country or what have you..at the same time manipulting the viewers emotions very very effectively...war is mass indescriminate death of fooled young men and innocent civilians directed by millionaires who's prime purpose is to profit from the killing. ..think for a minute about what you're being told behind this mass of emotional manipulation
the fugitive: judd-style.continuing the ashley judd series of movies that i for some reason keep putting on my netflix list, i decided to give ms. judd a second chance by watching double jeopardy.  by now, we all know the formula: pretty young lead and older, grizzled veteran team up to fight crime.  only in this case, the twist is that libby parsons (judd) is actually on the wrong side of the law...libby lives in perfect harmony with her husband nick (bruce greenwood) and son matty (benjamin weir).  only nick is a particularly vile brand of sleazeball.  while away on a boating trip (and after a scene that involves far more of judd than twisted every showed), libby wakes up with her husband missing and blood on her hands...literally. she is tried and convicted for murder...sounds like a quick end to the movie, right?  not exactly.  libby discovers that her husband is still alive and has since shacked up with libby's best friend, angie green (annabeth gish).  as one inmate succinctly explains, libby can kill her husband, since she can't be convicted of the same crime twice. why?  because that would be...double jeopardy!.."...the state says you already killed your husband right? so, when you get out of here, you track him down, and you can kill him. you can walk up to him in times square put a gun to his head and pull the trigger and there's nothing they can do about it! kinda makes you feel all warm and tingly inside don't it?"..this is, of course, patently untrue.  in movieland, double jeopardy makes it seem like killing her husband would let her get off without any punishment.  in reality, libby could be tried by the state government instead of the federal government, for another separate but related crime, or worst of all, end up with her son being taken away from her.  the real driving force in the movie is libby's love for her son, a child that obviously can't be left in the manipulating clutches of her murderous husband. ..in essence, the whole premise of the movie is a tease.  it's not even important whether or not double jeopardy applies; it's clear that libby doesn't want to kill her husband anyway. "i don't want to kill you, nick," says libby. "i just want you to suffer." she wants her son back, and that's that...somewhere in the middle of this mess is the redoubtable tommy lee jones as travis lehman, in the same role of a parole officer he played in the fugitive and u.s. marshals.  his role is largely irrelevant, except to represent the ever-present threat of the law that dogs libby's ever step...everyone speaks their lines with the appropriate level of enthusiasm, but really, there's not a whole lot for anyone to do.  mostly, libby pines for her son, slowly unraveling the tangled web her husband has weaved to cover up his hasty departure from life and marriage. somehow, libby doesn't manage to age at all in the years she's been in prison.  ..the best part of the film is when libby, dressed to the nines, confronts her husband at a charity auction. if the film were half as good as that scene, it would have been truly something.  instead, we have a lackluster script, a flimsy premise, and the talents of tommy lee jones wasted on what amounts to the female fugitive.
i hate framing movies..after reading the storyline of this movie, it seems like a framing movie, so i didn't even bother to watch it because framing movies piss me off.
really really bad.this movie is so bad. it is just about a annoying valley girl blonde who is rich and has tons of friends and who has no real problems. the only people who like this movie are the ones who wished they were the main character, a pea brained airheaded ditz who has no redeeming qualities. the movie tries hard to invent new "teen speak" with tons of lame catch phrases that unfortunately caught on with some unpopular kids who liked the movie so much, they tried to sound like the shallow empty headed spoiled main characters even though most of the movie's fans live the life nowhere close to cher's and look nothing like her but they want to pretend. the movie hits you with these lame catch phrases every 15 seconds, desprate to beat you over the head with them. in the movie, the main character, cher thinks she is too good for the boys in her high school but then she ends up with someone who is pratically a relative to her. nasty! she is really arrogant for someone whose realtionship should be jerry springer. she's supposed to be a posh valley girl but at the end, she's like ella may clampet going after jethro when all her resources for finding a man runs out.
a horrible movie.the first x-men movie was fantastic. the second movie sent chills down my spine and was even better. this third movie was absolute trash and i will never buy it
barberella psychadela it's not.the opening strip scene is reminiscent of barbarella - too bad those aren't basinger's legs though. nerdy scientist falls for galactic beauty as presented by kim basinger. i have never understood ackroyd's characters. and keeping in form, he is once again as unfunny as mud. basinger tries so hard - too hard - to rescue this film, but that's no small task considering the ineptness of this way silly film. ok so she munches on batteries, and thinks she has to cook everything in the kitchen at mealtime. she seems a genuine betty crocker given that her favorite foods are nuts and bolts. jon lovitch also tries to prop up ackroyd and this weak script. however, his contribution seems way overstated to me. he doesn't have much to do. funny are the scenes inwhere the teenage girl eventually decides that her step-mother is not like other people. basinger's character has a magic purse with an annoying creepy critter in it who tells her what to do. think, jar-jar blinks. i suppose it's ok as a backdrop for housecleaning. but that's it. flat and mechanical
dv that doesnt work.the dvd didn't work and returning it couldn't be more awkward so just cut my losses not happy in the slightes
wasting space on my dvd shelf....i was recommended this movie by a friend here at college, and because he spoke so highly of it, i thought i would just buy it instead of rent it. i definitely regret that decision. if you're thinking of buying it - rent it first. it was dull and obnoxious, not to mention weird. the only entertaining part of watching this film was making fun of it with my roommate (which is why i gave it 1 star instead of 0). however, if you're still interested, definitely rent it, you might enjoy it.
ridiculous.dull, dull, dull..if i could have submitted a review and given zero stars i would have..pointless
way way overrated and schlocky!  amateurish!.the whole premise and ultimate execution of this tacky and ridiculous fictional story line was an exercise in frustration and dissapointment for this viewer.  in short, the disjointed story line goes like this: troubled angst-ridden teen sees a person in a scary looking imaginary bunny suit (whose face resembled iron maiden's eddie!) who gives him advice/messages; he escapes death (a jet engine crashing through his roof) because he listened to this fugly bunny and left his house; he gets instructions to conduct vandalism against those places and people he dislikes from said stuffed bunny; he discovers some old hag named roberta sparrow he knew was an ex. teacher at his high school who wrote a terrible version of a 'hitchikers guide to time travel and worm holes'; same falling jet engine he escaped the first time around finally falls from the sky and kills him, but his girlfriend who died gets 'resurrected'.  are you still with me??!!!  i love sci-fi and fiction, but all this is beyond ridiculous!  that, my friends, is essentially what this super cheesy 'made for mallrat teens' film is about!  i mean, 'gigli' was a better film for chrissakes!  even the made-up time travel rules and tenets from the various chapters of this stupid time travel book that they flashed onscreen from time to time was laughable.  in the end, the only redeeming moments in the movie was when they used some great songs in the soundtrack from great alternative timeless rock bands like the church, duran duran, joy division, and tears for fears.  hardly enough to save the film though.  if you must, rent 'dd' if your curiosity is piqued, but to pay full retail for this movie is a certain waste of your (or your parents') money
not  worth the trouble harry....man did i want to like this movie..hackman is the best and the possibility of finding a mid-70s gem was really tantalizing, but...this film is really, really mediocre..first we have sub-plot city going on, bad mid life crisis stuff with susan clark and hackman "trying to communicate" about their failing relationship. it's tough on hackmans character "harry" see 'cause he used to be an nfl player and now he's reduced to being a private eye, she hates it, he does not want to give it up and everyone concerned gets a bad speech. .don't get me wrong, this is no "megaforce", where the film is so bad it becomes campy and actually enjoyable..this is just...mediocre. buy "harper" with paul newman instead
pretty stupid and obnoxious.almost unbelievably bad, except i saw the remake of 'shaft,' which should have been a forewarning.  this is like a comic book for filmgoers.  no, not a graphic novel adapted to the screen.  more like a comic book for kids, that you'd be embarassed to own at any age.  doubly offensive is the high quality soul music that is on the soundtrack, a travesty to the nth degree.
"who would want to kill the sweetest ****** woman in the world?".i knew i was in trouble with four brothers when i saw that josh howard (of sports night fame) was scowling hard, trying to be a tough detroit cop. not believable for a nanosecond. and then it got worse when marky mark said, "why don't you two cops get some doughnuts and coffee?"..the rest of the film veers along in that kind of lame and clichd rhythm. almost every scene in this thing is a howler. and watching it, i remembered i hadn't forgiven tyrese gibson for the travesty that was 2 fast 2 furious. still, tyrese is better than garrett hedlund, who looks like he's a refugee from the outsiders...but the movie's not a total wash; after all, it's got a great soundtrack
waste of time.i got this film because i'm from detroit where this takes place. it's a pretty typical revenge flick. four brothers want to find their adoptive mother's killer. usual smartass remarks, guys talking bs, fights, shootouts, blah, blah, blah. i guess these kind of movies will always be made and when made well they can be fun to watch. this script was mediocre at best. give me a clint eastwood or bruce willis film any day over this tripe.
"boyz in da hood" with mexicans.what filth.  what utter tripe.  as if the early 90's didn't have enough "white people bad, everyone else good" movies, along comes this sick, unimaginative, racist garbage.  i see by the ratings that many viewers like this movie (some of whom appear unable to spell the most primitive words the english language has to offer).  let me ask you wannabe vatos locos this....if this movie had been about white people instead of latino people, would you have thought this movie was racist?  think about it...white people starting gangs on the street and in prison based on the principle of outkilling and outbreeding other races of people?  oh, but when non-white people do it, suddenly it's not racist.  more bs hollywood double-standard bigoted drivel.  by the way, how is your vatos locos movement doing?  hmm?  has it been producing successful members of society, or just more fodder for prison gang rape?  exactly.  you were racist, degenerate losers back then, and you're racist, degenerate losers now.  though i doubt you'll ever learn.  vatos locos forever!  ha ha ha ha ha what an absolute joke.  what an insult to humanity...grow up
looks like a routine television program..i am amazed and mystified that most of the reviewers herein found the movie to be excellent!! as for me, i made it about thirty minutes into the film before turning it off in dismay. the fault in order of importance: poor screenplay, poor cinematography and poor performance by pacino, who seems to be vying for the most over-the-top performance. the film was absurd in many ways from the outset: the pans from star to star lasting just short of giving the viewer any purpose for any of the fast camera pans. close-up after close-up conveying no meaning, pacino overacting like jack palance in one of his not-so-famous european pieces of tripe from the sixties and seventies, an utterly dumb plot with pacino and company proving at the beginning that they are bumbling cops. ..first example, they chase the bad guy to a cabin which is on stilts or something like that; then, instead of staying on the ground below and smoking the bad guy out or something at least tactically sound, they storm the stairs and pacino stands right in front of the door yelling "police, you're under arrest."..they kick in the front door and find that the culprit has escaped through an underground water source. of course, pacino follows and dives right into the underwater stream, having absolutely no idea where the guy is or if there are boobytraps of some sort. ..cut to pacino running around in nearly zero visibility fog, glimpsing the guy for a second or two before losing him in the fog. stumbling around further, pacino is obviously disoriented until a shot is fired at him from, we must assume, his quarry. did the screen writer forget that pacino's colleagues are also supposedly chasing the culprit, too? ..inevitably and apparently not, because pacino spots a figure in the fog and plugs him. as i watched this scene unfold, i became thoroughly disheartened when it becomes clear what i knew already, that pacino has fired on and killed his partner. it was then that i decided that i had had enough. ..by the way, the european version, with stellan skarsgaard is infinitely superior. don't waste your money or on-line rental queue on this hollywood drivel. ditto for the other pacino junk i rented at the same time, the recruit, which i could only stand for about a half hour too
disappointing in more ways than as a remake.it's not just that this film is a bloated remake of a quick, clean, near-perfect minimalist thriller. it's not that much of the added material (particularly the internal affairs sub-plot) feels tacked-on and unnecessary. it's not even that pacino's character is a toned-down shell of the dangerously off-kilter detective of the original, that one of the more complicated characters (frya selmer/tanya francke) has been reduced down to set dressing, or that the ending ruins the film's moral atmosphere. it's the fact that nolan, a sublimely talented director, is unable to coax a believable performance from any of his leads. pacino does the method-acting bit again, taking it over the top in every single scene; hilary swank plays a pale imitation of her better roles as the down-to-earth hometown girl; and robin williams--well, he's robin williams. the kids in this film, katharine isabelle and jonathan jackson, turn in fine performances that, while hardly career-makers (which they couldn't be, considering how far their roles have been pared down), are a refreshing change of pace from their adult contemporaries' mugging. see the film for their far-too-short performances, but make sure you rent it, and don't pay too much to do so
where's the show???.ok, this is by far the most pathetic taping of a show (although sweeney todd comes to a close second).  where is the show?!  they cut out the "glory" battle scene and just had the actors come out and look happy instead of creepy like they should when they do the slow-mo battle scene (that was not in the movie...).  also, where is "i guess i'll miss the man?"  that's a beautiful song that was cut from the movie why?  also what about "prayer for a duck" and many others!!!  this is by far the worst ladies and gentlemen and completely ruins the show created by stephen schwartz and the great bob fosse!..oh yeah, and chita rivera's "spread a little sunshine" was pathetic, and the players did not convince me that they were creepy and really wanted pippin to do the "grand finale."..i was in this show and it was the greatest show i've ever done, but this dvd is pathetic.  don't waste your money on the costly price of $19.99, it should be $7.99 because of how many great songs and scenes that were cut from this show
terrible edit.unfortunately, and as usual, idiotic directors and editors have ruined a great show! panning, zooming, cutting...god it's awful. i remember hearing that bob was upset by it and apologized to the cast. the really sad thing is that the show, staged by kathy dobie, bob's long time assistant, was beautifully recreated and then ruined by those fools filming it.. during the big quot;sex balletquot;, the shoot from behind with glaring lights so that you really have no sense of what the dance is. the sound it bad, the cutting is bad and kat stinks. all that said, it will be your only chance to see what broadway dancers used to look like. get it for the history. by the way, if you want to see another show that was totally ruined by bad cutting, see sunday in the park with george. this beautiful show was destroyed by idiotic editors!
"is this funny still?  yet?  i honestly can't tell...".seasons one, two, three:  "go man, go!"..season four: the one to forego...speaking as a fan who was first stupefied (amazed; astonished) by bob and david back when they were the kings of megaphone crooning ("people didn't want to hear songs about things that hadn't even been invented yet! they wanted to hear songs about new things."), that is, speaking as the rare fanatic, the rare "mister mr. show" raising his voice on amazon who laughs just as hard at the good g rated sketches as he does at the good nc-17 rated sketches, i find "season four" the most generous sampling of limp and lifeless ms sketches available in one package.  ..funnyguy bob odenkirk, reputedly a rather gruff fellow in real life,  says that four was the season when "well-crafted" sketches were "in", "absurdity for absurdity's sake" was "out".  no longer, he claims, was mr. show a comedy show best appreciated by other comedy writers...translation:  they dumbed it down for the audience (and/or: horsing around in the writers' room suddenly earned you an hour in a pointy hat, facing the corner).   enticing as the term is, "well-crafted" here seems to mean "warmed over snl type stuff", as in: spicing up the world's 1000th jerry springer takeoff by setting it on a lifeboat (momentarily forgetting that incongruity usually works best when it is "funny" incongruity) and ladling on the same gay panic, the same class anxiety that makes the real springer show such a howl.   overall, ms4's concepts  become less novel, less thinky, less left-field-funny, with a stronger than ever reliance on the tried and true. what i mean is: a stronger than ever reliance on stoopid-guy raunch humor. but at least sgrh is a species of comedy.  i haven't nailed down a label for what fills the cracks and crannies, and accounts for at least 75% of of the ones and zeroes on these here digital donuts. excelsior?  (ex-cel-si-or   (n.)   slender, curved wood shavings used especially for packing (originally a trademark)).   ..this set did make me grin a few times -- over the course of five and a half hours.  one, and only one, sketch makes me laugh out loud: the phenomenon of "monster parties" (as documented in novelty songs such as "halloween shindig", "dracula's pajama party" and the like) examined with pitch-perfect tabloid tv grammar.  original, bent premise anchored by yet another  simultaneously vicious and sympathetic david cross performance...for the most part, the gang seems tired, like they're having an exhausting time at this point telling funny from not-funny.  surely, anyone who makes a living intuiting what will make people laugh must at one time or another come to such a pass.
i'd rather have an infection, then see this.....a hospital...understaffed...going under...  then they make a mistake and kill a patient.  meanwhile, a new patient with a dangerous rash is brought into the hospital.  and from there they all catch it...blah,blah,blah...sounds like it should be a decent movie.  it does have some creepy parts.  unfortunately, it loses focus on its themes while trying to make you figure out what the heck is going on....if this is a ghost story, medical misadventure, or telenovela.  it goes all over the place and never satisfies.  ..technical issues are done poorly.  a good example is when one sort-of ghost appears.  they then hide her head in the mirror (ooh, so spookie for a [...] year old), but then there are her hands and arms in the mirror...but all those criticisms are nothing compared to the worst acting ever!!!  the dialogue is absurd and the actors' reactions are just painfully overdone.  the actors go from confused and sullen to emotionally anguished and screeching for no reason.  i can accept ghosts, boogeymen, flying knife throwing turkeys if i must, but rns and mds who freak out when a patient needs resucitation... who become emotionally unstable when a patient falls out of bed....  oh, dear god, don't give that patient an aspirin!!!!  ..what is then worse is their lesser reactions to an infection that makes e.coli look like a paper cut.  "a doctor was mean to me"= manic crying and screeching.  "that guy just exploded"= consternation.  what??  stupid stupid stupid.       stupid...a last resort if you've never seen it....the bottom of the 'j-horror' barrel.  if you have never seen the genre, try any other movie first
bad-avoid like the plague.this film was boring and convoluted. one big mess that you should.not waste your precious cash on
the worst pixar movie ever.i consider myself a huge pixar fan. this is easily the most insipid pixar movie ever. pixar ran out of pixie dust while making this one. i have read the rave reviews and am scratching my head trying to figure what it was that they like about this movie. pixar, if you are listening, please, please, dont embarass yourself by dishing out this sort of c-grade stuff. i expect more from you
this disney release was rushed..i'm a language teacher and i have a number of dvds that i use at school as language tools.  dvds are great because they're inexpensive teaching aids when it comes to foreign languages...but only when the dvds actually have other tracks than english.  nowadays practically every released movie has language tracks and sometimes subtitles in other languages but this dvd seems like a hearkening back to the dark ages when people were lucky just to get a movie on this format and no extra effort whatsoever was put into a movie's release on dvd.  i was pretty disappointed to discover just as the dvd was shipping that it wasn't what i thought it was going to be.  i suppose it's my fault for assuming, but i feel ripped off just the same
the impostors.it was terrible! lili played a good part of course. but the rest was just plain stupid
not dancing.if you are looking to get some cardio activity from dance keep looking. if you try any of these moves in a club prepare to never be let in again!  this video is is the same old cheesey aerobics routines only with the participants wearing "club" clothing instead of spandex. i was very disappointed with this purchase
way too short!.i bought this dvd because of all of the good reviews i read here on amazon.com. i was disappointed. the workout is only 30 minutes and couple that with the low intensity and i don't think it's worth the money...so i'm not totally negative, i will say that it is fun and well instructed but i'm definietly going to have to combine this with other dvd's to get a good workout
amazon.com likes to take my money.this is another story that i don't know if i like it or not because amazon.com never sent it too me.  this has happened about 4/5 times.  while usually i have no problem getting movies, sometimes i do.  sending them e-mails doesn't seem to work.  if they didn't have the best prices for movies, i'd leave
too true to life.i read the book when it was first published and then a friend had a son diagnosed with leukemia and went through the same thing as the mom in the book. fortunately he had a lot of advocates that pushed him to ignore the insurance company and his son finally found a donor match but it was too late. so i feared that this movie would not be up to the book. my fears were unfounded, the casting was brilliant and i loved this movie, even though it is tough to watch, i still catch it in reruns on the satellite occasionally and "must watch". that is how good it is
it's a joke....someone wanted to make indiana jones part 4, starring tom hanks and created a such puzzled labyrinth that i think the book author wouldn't be able to tell the whole story without looking into his notes. after watching this movie it leaves a bad taste in the mouth that you have vaisted 2 hours on nonsense.  5 stars for special effects
ugh...this one is just bad!.wow, what a disappointment. great actors with a god-awful script from a fantastic book. i loved the book so much, i just couldn't wait to see the movie and i missed it theaters so i watched it this weekend from netflix. what can i say? it's boring! i'm not a huge fan of tom hanks, especially with this mullet-esque hair (it's ok to hate me), but i love iam mccellan and jean reno, but these great actors just couldn't save this movie. and sofie neveau was so much more interesting in the book. don't waste your time on this one
the chopped it up.we saw the movie in the theatre and loved it. the dvd we just purchased was horrible. they chopped out so much of the movie it made it un-watchable. it is only good for a coaster under my drink now
i expected better.i'm not going to proceed to judge this movie on the unhistoricity of the claims it makes about christianity.  by now, thanks to this film and the book of the same title, most individuals interested in christology should be aware that this story is nothing more than ignis fatuus.  that being said, i will make this critique based on the quality and presentability of the film, and not on the controversies it has stirred within certain caucuses...as a movie the code leaves much to be desired.  there are gaps in the story line and overlooked pieces of evidence in the louvre museum by the police that no respectable law enforcement agency would fail to detect.  for example, langdon and detective neveu, after successfully evading captain feche in the museum, strike a series of clues (writings, bloodstains, keys) that the entire investigatory team analyzing the crime scene failed to uncover. langdon and detective neveu fail to ask each other seemingly obvious questions that- if answered- might end the movie immediately or take it in a whole new direction.  ian mckellen, a fabulous actor of extraordinary talent, lacks complete credibility in this film. ..so what went catastrophically wrong?  well, it wasn't the book or its author dan brown, who has been selling copies of the code faster then they can count them.  and although the performances were at best questionable, by themselves these are not enough to sink the movie.  the most obvious answer as to why the code is so deficient is ron howard, the director.  mr. howard simply lacked the vision and forethought to successfully and credibly present the da vinci code in a manner believable (as a film, not history) to the audience. i think most individuals who gave this film favorable ratings were captured by the mystery and romantic luster most conspiracies are imbued with, and had a pre-formulated supposition of jesus and his relationship to mary magdalene
what a dog!.musicals are historically slight in the plot department, and this movie is no exception.  three stars: one fading, one rising and one coasting do not help matters either...rita is the fading star.  it was painful for me to watch the once dazzling love goddess reduced to playing the controlling widow.  the make up department probably had to work overtime trying to cover the circles under her eyes, and her hair and costumes are just bad.  novak is the rising star, although i don't get the 50's obsession with bubble headed, busty, bleach blond bimbos.  it would help if she could act, but sadly her range is very limited. i truly believe they added the dog to help make her character sympathetic, since she was unable to convey it herself.  then there is frank just coasting on his charm and cool.  doesn't seem plausible that a hep cat like him, who could bag any "doll", "dame" or "mouse?", would fall for either of these gals...anyway, i gave it 2 stars because of snuffy the dog.  he stole every scene he was in.  although that wasn't too difficult to do in such a dog of a movie
disappointing - would love to see a good remake.this movie took most of the great songs from the stage play and dumped them.  for a theater lover this is heartbreaking.  what a disappointing story.  if a movie can be faithful to the theater version then this one is a class-a adulterer.  even the ending was changed and not for the better.  the dubbing for the two leading ladies was also disappointing.  a pretty face is not enough
nothing like i expected..the dvd isn't a good abs workout or a cardio video.  the section on obliques at the end is good but only a few minutes.  the instructor was motivational but i didn't find the moves that creative or intense
plot holes.the first half hour of this 90 minute movie is actually quite good.  in fact, it is enthralling and has an interesting twist in that we don't know the real fact behind whether a young woman was violated by her boyfriend while unconscious.  according to the rumor (the rumor being a school experiment conducted by three roommates) she was, however, but we the audience don't know that.  however, the young woman is quick to think she has been raped.  why there is no attempt at a physical exam, is unexplained, especially since the young woman involved has the reputation of being a professional virgin, however it turns out she isn't, so that's why the movie lasts longer than 30 minutes.  fortunately, we're not dealing with unwanted pregnancies, either, so this doesn't turn into a soap opera.  however, we do have the dreamboat "hero" who dreams up the rumor about her being raped, and who exhibits unlikeable traits throughout. but that's true of the three leads - the roommates are all unlikeable, being insufferably full of themselves.  the last half of the film, 'dreamboat' takes the turn as lead character, and it's his story we're following, whereas his female roommate had the first half of the film, and basically it's her introduction to the audience of all the characters. turns out 'dreamboat' and the young woman victim have a history together; which means issues they have to work out, and everyone else (in a way, the entire student body and its faculty and local law enforcement) is sucked into their story and mutual thirst for truth, though the characters don't have the same truth in mind - it's about vengeance; not justice.  and vengeance when it's not the comic book variety, isn't fun for an audience, it's just distasteful.  in other words, the man and woman should have been shut up together in a room so they could have worked it out for themselves, and left the rest of us alone.  so from a brilliant first half-hour - and btw how does the roommate penniless art student have the dollars for all that tech equipment? - we degenerate into a constantly weaving pattern of lies and deceptions that seems more pointless than clever.  there is merely too much story, so it becomes ridiculous.  a basically good premise is ruined.  if you are a fan of any of the stars involved, it might be worth viewing, if only once, but the film as a whole will probably leave a vile taste in your mouth.  perhaps that's the ultimate message on a film about the dangers of spreading gossip, or in this case deliberate lies, is that what goes around comes around, and also it will leave you feeling sick to your stomach.  i almost recommend you watch the first 30-45 min then quit midway, but anyone will watch all the way thru at least once, just to be sure where this is headed
like all gossip: a lot of talk about nothing!.a very boring and stupid film about college freshmen with a kindergarten maturity level. the movie is horribly slow to get to the point and is riddled with nonsense dialogue: i've heard better lines in 'fast times at richmond high' thank you.. . altogether a very forgettable film that has a lot of talk about nothing. don't believe the great reviews about this film: the film might appeal to the 14-17 year-old crowds fantasizing about how 'cool' college life might be with all the 'cool' people and 'parties.' if you're not in that category, skip this boring film and save both your time and your money.
good movie idea that -'went south' ..i gave this film two stars. one star,because i liked all the good character actors and actresses.and another star,for the quirky folk-rock tune,'i'm easy',sung by surprised oscar-winner ,keith carradine.-henry bateman gibson was one of the funniest stars of 'laugh-in',as was lily tomlin.henry was approached,by altman, to star in this ,after several others backed out.when it tries to be serious,i find myself laughing.tomlin does play a very serious part,as the mother of a deaf child.and,she played the role well.all the good actors/actresses,in this comic-farce/tradgey ,are wrong for the roles.no one in the real nashville music business,could understand how "outside people",could make a credible film ,on them. the film did not play well,and was quickly shelved.it's a strange and unique film to watch though. its lasting effect is simple.no one associated with the film ,really understand what the country-music scene was/is in reality.the film just reinforces silly steorotypes of the south.
boring, plotless snoozer.this film is unbelievably dull.  it's clocked at 2 hours and 40 minutes, but i couldn't swear to it because after just under one hour i had to turn it off.  it was so boring because there was no plot.  critics seem to like movies with no plot, i don't.  seinfeld was a show about nothing, but it was funny.  this movie is not funny.  if you want to see a good, funny robert altman movie watch m.a.s.h
trite.the fridays gang steals some diamonds.  mike epps is not chris tucker no matter how hard he tries to be.  his constant whinning is enough to ride my last nerve.  plus, everything about the movie is just campy and just wholly unbelieveable that i don't know where to begin.  whatever you do don't buy or rent this garbage-wait to catch it on tbs or something
all about the benjamins gets all about nothing after awhile.yeah, ok, ice cube is a bounty hunter and mike epps is a criminal who ends up teaming up with him to defeat the badguys,am i right on that...right. the story is great but not that great. so many holes and so many stupid supporting characters doesnt make up for the seemingly endless movie with a taste in your mouth that sits there and then makes your mouth all icky, thats what it was like for me folks. god i almost fell asleep at that photo shootout and then the other one where at the end with the boat and superlame climax. put some thought into your head as you are about to watch this. for cube and epps and eva mendes fans only. and if you wanna see an old lady in a raincoat like coat with a thong bikini on it, then this is the film for you
very boring with walk-ons by fmaous people.this movie is very mildly amusing for about ten minutes.  yes, it is slightly interesting to see the cannes environment, but not enough to watch this film. it could be a cure for insomnia, though.  fans who are looking forward to seeing their favorite actors in a satire will be disappointed.  you can count in seconds the amount of time any famous actor is on the screen, and it's really just very boring. all those fans of johnny depp: be particularly warned. he may have co-star billing, but blink and you'll miss him
brilliant....in a visual perspective, it's provocative, shocking, and highly disturbing to the point of it being too overwhelming for words...but overall, the movie creeped me out
poorly filmed with bad sound quality.it's a cute premise but looks as though it were filmed by a group of kids for a school project.  the dance moves were briefly - too briefly - demonstrated.  additionally, some of the "attitude" displayed was questionable for younger kids.
greg palast is an idiot.i knew renting this movie was a mistake the minute the dvd menu came up. what's with these documentary makers? do they think we have the attention spans of lobotomized cocker spaniels? why does every damn documentary produced in the last ten years look like it was edited by someone with tourette's syndrome...on speed? by chance, i saw "the great dictator" and "dr. strangelove" right before i saw this stupid movie, and if you want to see biting satire and mockery of the powerful, go see those. (for all you knee-jerk bush haters, i am reviewing the movie, not the allegations made in it.
a doc about bush and not exactly his family.i found this documentary left out some information about the bush family that i thought would be included. the documentary did not cover george w. bush's grandfather's working relationship with the nazi party during the second world war. nor did the doc spend much time on the rest of george's relatives and family members. the doc didn't include as much information as i thought that it would and the material that it covered has already been covered in other documentaries like fahrenheit 9/11. the host of the documentary had to assert his fedora for no reason which was more distracting and annoying to see in what i expected to be a hard hitting, serious documentary
makes michael moore look like a moderate.this is a classic example of what liberals resort to ever since becoming unable to win at the ballot box.
nothing i allready didn't know.this is a very uninforming movie.  i'm usually a fan of a good propaganda movie but this is just bad.  there is no relevent information here they simply tell you ideas that you most likely allready had in your head without confirming them with hard evidence.  if you want to watch an actually worth while journalistic film about the bush ties then get martial law 911 : rise of the police state.  now that is one brilliant peice of wor
philadelphia.denzel washington is probably my favorite actor. even in that dog of a movie called the manchurian candidate, he shone. tom hanks? well, lemme quit hating the guy. this is a well-intentioned movie, tom did a creditable job, and we had extreme close-ups with funny colors to camouflage the spots where he overreached. i was also pleasantly surprised to see antonio banderas fly in the face of his latino studliness by playing a gay guy. a passionate one, though, since he's still a latino, after all. ..actually, this is a hollywood "message movie," and you know what that means. it's about as subtle as michael moore. those who agree with the message flock to be beaten about the head by it for two hours. those who the filmmakers would like to see the movie, those who don't agree with the message, stay as far away from it as possible. ..there's a scene in the library where nobody wants to sit at the table with aids boy. the way they stared at him reminded me of "lao wei in china" experiences. denzel's character was reminded of segregation, even though he's too young to remember it, and started to care about tom hanks' character. ..aids discrimination is bad. actually, any discrimination at all is bad. and that's the movie's message. i agree with the message, but still. that's all we've got. ..as a totally irrelevant non-sequiter, if the name "sam francisco" means anything to you, you've seen subtle commentary on discrimination. ..i love a great courtroom drama. this one was merely good. with so much of an agenda to squeeze into a two-hour film, they had to take a few shortcuts here. sad, ain't it? but even so, a well-intentioned film that i'm glad i saw. once. not twice. once is enough, thank you.
boring.i just wanted to get my 1 star recorded as payback to this movie for wasting my time, although i did start doing other things halfway through.  the only positive thing i can say is that the actor portraying blevins, the third wheel, did a fine job.  when he wasn't onscreen i was wondering what he was up to and wishing i could be spending my time with him, instead of the other two dullards we are unfortunately stuck with.  penelope cruz adds zero to the movie.  don't know if it's due to editing or acting and don't really care.  can you tell i'm disgusted? if you're a movie fan or a western fan you should be too.
all the pretty horses vs all the pretty horses.all the pretty horses.in the first few moments you know how the film will go wrong.  voice offer-which is often misused in movies based on books as a way to capture some of the original author's voice-is especially damning here.  we hear the miscast matt damon offering cole's commentary on what has happened where he lives, what is wrong with it, and thus, why he must go.  the problem is, that commentary doesn't exist in the novel.  in fact, we never get inside a character's head except through witnessing acts and listening to dialogue-and this is true of all of mccarthy's work.  he writes, in essence, beautiful screenplays.  stories that are told in carefully controlled images and well honed and realistic dialogue.  director thorton and screenwriting tally make the huge mistake of trying to give this film a "literary" feel.  most certainly they were overwhelmed by the beauty and the poetry of the descriptions of place and action offered in the novel, and i suppose some of the choices they've made were out of a kind of panic.  damon, who is too old and earnest in the wrong ways for the part, may have been likewise intimidated by the source material and decided to make the character his own as opposed to mccarthy's.  the grady of the novel is not one who is just pure and straightforward; rather, he is a character at odds with the darker ways of the world, for it can be navigated only through careful use of reason and he is a character who doesn't just choose to remain more true to his feelings, but who can hardly help it, a character emblematic of a stubborn type of innocence that carries with it an infectious aura of danger-we see it and its consequences later on in the third book of the trilogy, cities on the plain.  to create a work film which doesn't understand and showcase this trait is to do not even the minimal of justice to its source. ..a good film can be made of mccarthy's work; it will take boldness and a screenwriter and a director who realize that the poetry of the prose can only be approximated-perhaps paralleled-in the poetry of the cinematography, and that, beyond that, the plots and what they represent, and the efficiency of the dialogue, is enough.  maybe even more than enough.
unnecessarily epic....after 40 minutes of objective viewing, and shot after superfluous shot, i sat through another 30 minutes in pain. i've come to the fairly well informed conclusion that either peter jackson can only do epics wheather it calls for it or not, or lotr in all it's incarnations had immense levels of supervision for jacksons from higher-ups. kong is not an epic, it is a tragedy. tell me to watch the whole thing, if you will, but if the film is constructed so poorly 70 minutes in, i don't need to. on another note. jurassic park had better cgi than this. mr. jackson, no more 'epic fly-by shots please.
now a longer version of a movie that was too long?.ok, the original is a classic and is what...90...100 minutes long? jackson stretches it out to 3 hours and adds very little to the story.  the native were scary. the quiet scenes with kong were welcome additions, they actually made him into a character...something that can't be said for any of the human characters...the insect scenes are ridiculous!! the dinosaur stampede was idiotic. anything with the young cabin boy almost seemed like it was clipped out of another movie. now jackson is adding 38 munutes to a movie that is grossly over padded to begin with?!?..peter jackson is a hack director that has no idea how to tell a story efficiently.remind me to skip his next 15 3 hour long epics
awful.the depression era introduction was the best part of this movie as another reviewer mentioned. from the moment they reached king kong's island the movie quickly spiraled to a painful viewing experience. i felt no sympathy for the big stupid ape. how can anyone feel anything for king kong? he keeps a village hostage to a tiny part of an island, forces them to provide him sacrificial women, and tortures the female star of the movie. it seems so ridiculous that she ends up liking king kong. the villains of the movie were my heroes. i kept hoping they would succeed in killing him so the pain of this awful movie would end
flat and mostly overacted.i had higher expectations when i purchased this dvd..i was not disappointed technically but i was extremely disappointed with the acting as a whole and with the uneven singing of rachel york.  she couldn't seem to decide whether she wanted a pop, jazz, or traditional musical theatre sound.  her voice was all over the place.  furthermore, i found her character very annoying...she was screechy and not at all vunerable.  i preferred kathryn grayson's performance in the movie as she managed to be vunerable, witty, and charming, as well as screechy, demanding, and somewhat tyrannical.  truly, i could barely watch this entire video and at the end i could have cared less if fred and lilli got together.  i think that was the most powerful statement for me..the production was acted (or directed) with a lot of mugging and so much of it was over the top.  can today's directors please leave something for the audience to think about and figure out themselves?  everything need not be a commentary!.i wish i had seen marin mazzie because i heard she was incredible. rent this before buying it or better yet do what i did and buy it used.  it hardly cost anything and that is what is it worth
buy the original cast (1953) instead.imho, none of the cast could hold a candle to the original with howard keel, kathryn grayson, etc.  these shows are all about the music - if the music doesn't make it, the whole production isn't worth two cents.
misguided concept of a great musical.my enjoyment of the pbs telecast was just fitful.  the production itself.was just breathtaking - faithful to the time period, expensive, detailed and.colorful. the costumes were of a quality one rarely sees anymore -.imaginative designs, the attention to detail, and color coordination was all.beautifully done..   the two stars, brent barrett as fred/petruchio and rachel york as.lilli/kate, are both movie-star handsome, exceptional in this regard, and.looked their parts to the hilt. york especially looked like a 1940s lady of.the theatre, while barrett really does look like a matinee idol..   i was far less pleased with their performances and singing.  it's not.that i don't doubt their talents; they obviously have star quality.  but.whose idea was it to have fred and lilli behave like spoiled, bratty, whiny.children?  the kind you see on tv sitcoms - immature, silly, and really,.really dumb-acting.  these two were quite unsavory, ridiculous, even.unsympathetic characters. everything was way over-the-top.  furthermore, all.of the constant mugging, overacting, eye-rolling, excessive broadness and.exaggeration of expressions wore thin after a short while.  rachel york.repeatedly screamed, shrieked, yelled, caterwauled and went beyond behaving.like a mere shrew: the show turned into the screaming of the shrew.  this.lilli had no sophistication, class, dignity, warmth, irony or even.wit...even her sarcasms and irascibilities were all wrong, too.teenage-princessy...she was a high-decibel harpy and little else..    brent barrett was a little better, but he still came across like an.excitable high school kid.  fredric graham should be a aspiring-classical.actor type - albeit vain, hammy,  insecure and prone to an inflated sense of.his own-alleged greatness; but a child he's not.   fred should reek of.martini and rossi-smoking-jacket-cigar savvy and larger-than-life.sophistication, yet edgy, rattled in a way only overambitious actors can be..it's strange, seeing barrett, this tall, athletically built,.distinguished-looking actor, made to behave like an overgrown teenager....sort of like one of those men depicted in sitcoms...childish, foolish-acting.and an irritating air-head.  even his speaking voice (as used here), when.under pressure, cracks and acquires that puberty-falsetto (think tom cruise.when he yells).   he's not anywhere believable as an aspiring classical.actor..      i had even more misgivings about york's and barrett's singing.  yet i.can't blame them exactly; very few people on broadway nowadays exhibit the.kind of fundamental classical training that was obligatory at one point.   i.couldn't tell whether york knew what she was doing; her singing displayed a.combination of pop vocal crooning, along with some jazzy inflections - yet.there were hints here and there of some operatic leanings. as a result, none.of her songs coalesced properly; it seemed as if each register, wherever the.song in question took her, revealed a different kind of stylistic realm..barrett, again, was a little better, but he too lacks a truly fundamental.technique.  the middle part of his range seems natural and easy, but the.higher he goes the tone spreads and sounds constricted all at once; you.can't take a pop voice production of tone and expect it to bloom properly..moreover, barrett was often afflicted with a troubling vibrato. from what i.can hear, when he speaks properly, there is quite a beautiful, resonant.voice in there somewhere, but he's misusing it at practically every turn..   a digression: watching howard keel in the film version, i'm more.convinced than ever that his performance as fred/petruchio is the classic.embodiment of the role in every way.  keel was among singers, an.outstanding, instinctive actor, and brought to the role the kind of.distinction it required.  it did not hurt that he was tall, distinguished.and imposing (he looked great as petruchio, so shakespeareanly dashing)..keel's fred graham was ultra-masculine, exaggeratedly vain, ambitious and.yet somehow mature and imbued with depth; barrett didn't even begin to.convey these latter qualities.  and keel's voice - deep, vibrant, correctly.produced and gorgeous in tone quality,  was one of the best of its kind for.the baritone leading-man roles to be had.   his accounts of the songs are.matchless...    more troublesome though, was how york and barrett interpreted their.songs.  even the simplest melodies were tugged, pulled, underlined and bent.out of shape, as though to make the audience understand every little.inflection, and bring across the mood with all these exaggerated."espressivo" effects... but all these gimmicks and schticky touches ruin the.songs.  "i hate men" was the most idiotically overacted spectacle i've ever.witnessed.  "wunderbar" is a beautiful melody whose words are parodical: yet.the tune in its beauty should be retained and preserved.  york and barrett.tried to make the song the magical moment it can be, but their voices did.not blend, and the song failed to surge as it should (as alfred drake and.patricia morison made it so).   ditto for "so in love," (still a bit.overemotive and swoony by york) though it was mercifully spared from being.mangled in this production (barrett came closest to producing the most.moving moment near the end in this tune).   for the most part though, most.of the songs as performed here didn't work for me...porter's music was.poorly represented (the voices didn't serve the score) and porter's lyrics.were banged up and slammed in every which way and loose..    one of the pleasures of the two original cast albums (the first in mono,.the second done especially for the then-new stereo era) was lisa kirk's lois.lane/bianca.  kirk brought a special brand of street smart babe-sexy.sultriness to the role, helped by that deep, knowingly sensual timbre she.owned.  her renditions of lois's songs are dynamite, are broadway classics,.and what's more, made the role into a real character, not just the secondary.comedy lead.  it made for a terrific contrast to patricia morison's.high-minded lady of the theatre voice and personality..      nancy anderson in the pbs telecast was made to embody a completely.different lois altogether...and i hated it.  lois was here into a.nasal-voiced, dimwitted kewpie doll.  she spoke and sang in a pinched,."dum-dum girl" tone, and so the songs failed to come to life..     the rest of the cast did fine...the "too darn hot" number was.wonderful, spicy, insinuating and catchy.   but it serves little point in.analysing the other factors, because the main elements were too compromised.for me to enjoy the show as a whole.
rachel is worth it.i was very excited to see this, having seen the original cast (lead by marin mazzie and brian stokes mitchell) on broadway. for some reason the energy of this cast does not transfer into the audience. brent barrett, i'm sorry to say, is a sad replacement for stokes. nancy anderson (who has been wonderful in other roles) is squeaky and annoying in this one...the one reason i'd give to watch this is rachel york, who seems to be perfect in just about every role she takes on. i saw and loved marin mazzie, but rachel york can certainly hold her own. she has a wonderful voice, amazing comic timing, and is quite beautiful on top of it all. she embodies lily vanessi brilliantly in this production. it's just a shame that her fellow cast-members can't do the same
5 star songs 1 star production.this was a terrible production with no life and seemed jumpy and disjointed. it also felt thrown together and not well rehearsed with number dragging on longer than they should and others rushed. rachel york was ok (she was better in scarlet pimpernel)but this is not her best performance at all..all in all a disponting version and hard to see how it won a tony for best revival..but then this isn't the original cast from that tony winning revival so that may be the problem
based on a true story.i was surprised at the ending of this film that i didn't see the above caption at the beginning of the film. this movie to me was comparable to american television movies where something terrible happens to a family and how they cope with it. it was an italian film, but on the whole it was of the same viewing quality as these movies, maybe a little less slick in appearance...also some of the scenes were so banal. like just before the boy drowns a sense of danger is created by the girl on the moped kicking one of her friends on another moped, the close passing of a truck as the father drives to his patient etc. or when the boys' casket is nailed shut and is screwed shut interchanged with images of the mourning father. how fat can you lay it on?..especially the beginning of the movie is excruciating. a very one-dimensional portrait of the family, if they were black, they would be called the huxtables. this is of course to offset the second part of the movie with the first. first routine and happiness, the second chaos and sadness...the above are just some things i noticed about the movie which didn't make sense to me. i won't even go into the storyline which is rather unplausible at some points even though it is completely predictable. what bothers me most though is that all of this must have been done on purpose, but why? the end result is a bland film which may have been made with a lot of care, but just doesn't come across. this is the first movie i have seen by this director. i have heard that his other movies are better. i hope so, because this film hasn't made a great impression on me
had promise, but failed to deliver..i have to agree with the other reviewers. "legend of the rangers" looked promising but ultimately didn't deliver.  the sets and effects are excellent and the actinng's not bad. and of course it was great seeing andreas katsulas reprise his role as narn ambassador, now citizen, g'kar, however these three elements couldn't save the film. the mysterious alien race threatening the liandra's crew were too much like the shadows of the series. ..if you're a die-hard b-5 fan you'll want this film, but if you're looking for an introduction to b-5 go with the season box sets. ..all-in-all not jms' best. which is sad because it had promise
this thing sucked!.i loved b5 and crusade. i hated this. well, maybe hate is too strong a word. i strongly disliked it...i'm gonna make this short and sweet...the plot stunk. the idea a race as old and powerful as they presented in the pilot could've gone un-noticed by the "first ones" and not have an influence in the shadow wars of the original b5 series is completely ludicris to me...the acting was far from normal b5 universe quality. that hologram targeting system thing was totally and completely disaterous. gawd awful!!!..the story never went anywhere. the whole time i was waiting for the movie to progress. it never did...the special effects where fantastic though. a+ work there
disappointing spinoff.this "movie", which was obviously meant to be a pilot but was aired as a stand-alone feature, lacks nearly everything that made babylon 5 a great show. it's set in the same universe and contains the same races and ships, but the plotting feels like, well, a failed pilot. ..g'kar's scenes in "rangers" are an embarassment to the character. after a spectacular sendoff on the original b5 series, he re-enters the universe apparently having regressed two or three seasons' worth of character development. there is no reason for him to be present except to spout off some gratuitous quotes from babylon 5 and remind us that we are watching a b5 show...overall, this show would be without much value if it stood alone. as an episode of the b5 mythos, it is worth even less
purchased.hi,.  i have not receive my item yat.. thanks
john boorman misfires with a heavy-handed and obvious apartheid drama."in my country" is certainly a well meaning film.  filled with dignity, it means to explore the atrocities committed in the age of apartheid.  can justice be served?  can south africa move on?  how complicit is the average man?  there are certainly important topics and issues to be dealt with--but rarely have i seen them served up so falsely and dispassionately.  ..everything in "in my country" is a construct.  you've got juliette binoche as the face of white shame, samuel l. jackson as black rage (though he's an american), brendan gleeson as the villain, binoche's assistant as the tolerant and understanding african, and her boss as the face of white indifference.  of course, this story is told from the vantage point of the white lady and the american--as these stories rarely examine issues from the african viewpoint.  even the testimony of atrocities--which should be a dramatic highpoint--are so staged, so false with the requisite swoons from the audience at "shocking" revelations.  and binoche is ever present to provide the tears--but as the emotion isn't genuinely developed, i continued to sit there feeling rather empty at the whole exercise.  the africans are never portrayed as significant indivduals, but as understanding and forgiving souls.  i'd have appreciated a bit of emotional complexity at any point!..if the pairing of juliette binoche and samuel l. jackson seems an odd match, trust me--it is.  as characters with opposing views, they are put together rather conveniently.  no actual friendship is ever developed, we're just supposed to take it at face value that these two would hang out together.  well, i didn't believe it for a second.  it was necessary for the plot, so it happened--why bother with actual character development?  there's a more important message to be delivered by having them debate...of course, to make matters worse--a romantic entanglement evolves.  there's not much drama there, either, as binoche seemingly has an indifference to her husband and children.  if she's conflicted about anything, it certainly never shows.  and as if matters aren't bad enough, there's a heavy-handed (and obvious) ending that is supposed to be a revelatory twist.  but i can only say it once more, without bothering to make the characters real--who cares?  ..a message can only take you so far.  i'd have rather have watched a relevant speech, because no one here was concerned with drama.
horrible.samuel jackson, juliette binoche...i thought it's gonna be a wonderful movie. to my greatest disappointment this was one of the worst movies i've ever seen in my entire life. .a married mother with three children has an affair with a journalist and yet she's the one to fight for someone rights or to be compassionate about someone. what a non-sense! .hope the greedy amateurs who created this movie won some money.with this crap movie by losing their chance to ever film again!.never ever i will watch a movie with samuel l. jackson or juliette binoche, again. i'm surprised how did they agree to star in this kind of "movie" that wastes your precious time
train wreck of a movie."in my country" is undermined straight from the start by its tone deaf casting. this film - based on the narrative writings of stellar south african journalist antjie krog - somehow gets a starring duo of a frenchwoman and irishman playing afrikaaners and an american (samuel l. jackson) ludicrousy grafted on top of the screenplay for the sake of starpower and a wacky, contrived melodrama that never existed in krog's tale.  this is most unfortunate because krog's stories - her take on south africa's truth and reconciliation commission - is one that should be heard far and wide.  unfortunately, the filmmakers bury that behind this odd and inexplicable need to feature a quasi-adulterous liaison between binoche and jackson's characters...how did it turn out?  take a look at the dvd extras:  samuel l. jackson is nowhere to be found.  this is a man who knows quality and knows junk.  he must taken a look at the final product and ran from this thing as fast as he could.  ..good move. smart guy
not that great.i was disappointed with this dvd.  i usually like all of denise austin's video workouts, so i bought this one for my little sister.  she wasn't interested in it, and i can see why.  everything seems too choreographed, and then kids are fake.  they don't look like "normal" kids - they're obviously dancers/actors, or something.  i also bought billy blanks - tae bo kicks for my little sister, and she loved it!!  i would recommend this dvd if you're looking for something for a child.
disappointed.i have been buying workout video's/dvd's with denise austin for years and have been very happy with them.  however since denise is no longer with artisan (she is now with lions gate) the quality has changed.  the camera man can't seem to sit still.  when i buy a workout dvd, it's not because i want to look at a pertty face. far to often the camera man is giving an up close of a face when he should be showing the whole body so we can see what we, or as in this case our child/ren, need to do.  by the second workout, the camera man slowed it down making it much easier to follow.  still, it is not the quality i am used to from denise.  it could have been a great workout but instead it was a big disappointment
plot is absurd; acting is fine.so: alien civilizations with obviously vastly superior technology travel clear across the galaxy at speeds greater than the speed of light in order to--well, won't give the plot away, but trust me, they're not here to guests on martha stewart. and i find the plot, therefore, and all of these "aliens as terror sources" movies just--can i say this?--not fair to aliens!  ok, i don't have an aluminum foil hat on, i just think its childish. stephen greer, md's "hidden truth" book suggests that this is the sort of fare we are to get from hollywood--no more friendly e.t. types, just constantly the message of terror from the skies. this trend in cinema about foreign visitors is now so consistent that it just makes movies like this dull and predictable. and how we eventually beat back the aliens in this movie? oh, you don't want to know..
hotch potch.not since "sixth sense", with the most obvious and telegraphed twist, have i seen a bigger load of hooey. this guys inability to tell a story without glaringly obvious chasms in the plot is only equalled by his obviously tenuous grasp of christian theology and doctrine.. a bit like an o'level pupil writing a thesis on nuclear fission. the mere concept of this plot, using an alien invasion as proof of gods existence, flys in the face of the most fundamental of christian tenets.. crikey, and all this from an agnostic..
good music, too hard to follow for beginners....i will admit that paula is inspirational but she doesn't give you enough time to "learn" the move before putting you in full gear. i loved the music and paula's upbeat personality but felt it moved way too fast. this video will definitely get your heart a pumpin'
bored.i rented this movie from hollywood video. it was a struggle not to turn it off and watch the news.  the movie was cheaply made and the acting is mediocre. it is insulting to our intelligence by trying to make us believe what is happening could be reality..they try hard to conceal the identity of the vigilante for most of the picture.  the vigilante knows when and where anything bad is about to happen. .our detective hero finally catches up to the vigilante just after the vigilante wipes out a bad man. the detective having the drop on this killer and instead of revealing the identity of this super person says go away. .there are many sequences just as unbelievable as this.
not worth the money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.this video left much to be desired. the dvd was cheaply made. i urge you not to buy this video!! this is $20 thrown out the window. this video was filmed in someones house. i would never buy this if i knew!!
annoying lear.i didn't enjoy the film.  i also didn't enjoy the original play by shakespeare.  king lear is one of my least favorite shakespeare plays.  i don't consider it particularly creative to remake a play that has already been done, and to add nothing of value to the original.  you can set it wherever you like, in medieval japan or on the moon, what's the difference.  it's king lear, a downer of a play, there's nothing great about ran just as there's nothing great about lear, and it takes up three hours of your time...a moron named lear, or hidetoro, or whatever his name is, relinquishes power in his kingdom and turns the power over to his oldest son.  the youngest son warns him that it is a bad idea because the sons will be disloyal to their father.  he is right, of course, and hidetoro lear gets treated shabbily.  he's wanted dead or dead...in this treatment of the annoying plot, he loses his mind.  he has a faithful follower or two.  they overact.  there is nobody to root for in this depressing and ridiculously overrated downer of a play.  lear hidetoro is an absolute jerk.  am i supposed to care what happens to him?  why?  because he used to be a powerful king, and a cruel one?  you may as well cry over saddam hussein...look at this movie with fresh eyes.  look at shakespeare's king lear with fresh eyes.  this stuff simply is not very entertaining, and is not very good.  the hell with king lear.  he's an annoyance
stealthily bad.i've had the opportunity to watch the movie stealth over the past week...it was on tv here. otherwise, i don't think i would have watched it...my instincts would have been correct...an action technothriller, stealth has a predictable plot. a new elite team of 3 good-looking pilots gets a new wingman on their first mission in the field: an artificially intelligent stealth aircraft which picks up the bad habits of the 3 pilots, including a disrespect for authority. mayhem ensues. people die. the leaqd pilot develops a relationship with the artificial intelligence, and they work together to save the female pilot, who's gone down in north korea...the plot, direction, and acting combine together to produce performances from the 3 leads (josh lucas, jessica biel, jamie foxx) that are about as wooden as their electronic counterpart...i'm sure that people went to see this because of the 3 beautiful leads, and came away disappointed. me? i was expecting little, so i guess my expectations were met...though i will say i was amused by the last line
ranks up there with the worst action movies..this movie had some good potental in the opening, after that, it looses all grip on everything, the plot of the movie is based on a new jsf style creation fighter fa-37, and a new vtol controlled artificially by a "ai", one thing leads to another the "ai" goes haywire during a lighting storm, it starts acting on it's own to destroy "threats" one thing leads to another their in tajikistan setting off dirty nuclear weapons, north korea, russia for absoulutly no reason breaking numerus international laws, at one point in the movie, the star of the movie "falon 1" helps destroy intercepting fighters with the "ai" whois hes ment to track down breaking a bunch of laws himself, and is treated like a hero at the end...it's a backwards movie, don't watch it, please don't
want to waste 2 hours of your life - ignore this review !!.if you have bothered to read all the other reviews here, i think you will get the point, but still unsure ?..think of knightrider from the 70`s ( i`m sure edi used the same voice !! ) then add some thunderbird puppets ( thats a bit mean, at least they had personality ) then add a dash of c.g.i. on a budget, oh and not forgetting that the whole script was written by a seven year old! ..a bit scathing you may feel - but deservedly so i`m afraid. ..seriously, watch some paint dry for a couple of hours, at least the fumes will give you some sort of a buzz.
the fun is stealthiest of all....they call it brainless fun, but it's not even fun.  yes, "stealth" is that not-rare-enough bad movie that's actually so bad, it's no fun.  it starts out bad from the beginning - with an on-screen title sequence dating this film "in the near future", which should trip alarms for anybody whose ever watched an episode of "mystery science theater 3000".  the heroes of our story - three pilots assigned to fly hyper-tech us fighters called "talons" - are reluctantly joined by a fourth pilot, a robotic fighter jet called edi.  trouble starts immediately when edi develops an acute case of self-awareness and faster than you can say "i'm sorry dave, i really can't do that", edi is ignoring orders and raising all sorts of havoc.  it's hard to get more specific without ruining the plot...because there really isn't any plot.  the story we see on the screen hints at several different plot-ideas that never form into a single story - we have the plot about stopping "crazy edi"; the plot about the evil admiral played by sam shepard who will do anything he can to keep the lid on edi when he goes bad; we have jessica biel as a fighter pilot running from the bad guys after she's shutdown over north korea; then we have josh lucas as the other talon pilot whose on the run from some goons who are trying to...oh, who cares?  none of these plots go anywhere...but what about them effex?? "stealth" offers us hours of aerial dogfighting in unsurpassed cgi - unsurpassed because the movie demonstrates that there are some things that simply can't be left to computer animation.  even though they're next generation aircraft, the f/a-37 talon fighters never convincingly look like any airplanes, and the aerial effects here look little more believable than those done over 20 years ago in "firefox" or "deal of the century", or nowadays on any flight simulator game run on any desktop-pc.  the effects compound the error by maximizing use of "impossible shots" - shots that couldn't be seen by a human perspective, such as those that cut across the sky and directly inside the subject aircraft - it's a clever shot, but not a terrible smart one (they never stop reminding us that these are effects).  it's probably too much effort to explain that even elite fighter pilots don't want to be confused by a flight panel that suddenly starts broadcasting real-time images of a bunch of terrorists sitting down as if for a cnn foto-op, or that none of the pilots come off as even casual aviators.  "stealth" is one of those mindless movies that effete snobbish reviewers like to blame on teenage boys, but this flick lost a ton of money (stealthy profits) which is only strong proof that the monster audience of mindless boys is itself a delusion of these frustrated critics and studio execs, or even stronger proof that those mindless teenage boys may be smarter than anybody realizes
horrible sketch comedy....terribly dated, and not very funny....despite being a comedy show, this turned out to be a rather depressing experience. there were a few amusing bits here and there, mostly there, but the targets of the satire were very lame.  most of the parodies are from pop culture in the 1990's, so they are extremely dated.  the "information 411", "90210", and yakmin shirmnov sketches were particularly painful to watch, as bad as anything on snl.  i only made it through the first 8 episodes, and skipped the last 5.  the commentary on episode 8 was more interesting (check out garofalo screaming how she hated kissing a sock puppet because she hates "sexuality".  i still don't know what she meant by that) than the actual episode.  as we know, ben stiller became a star playing neurotic, clumsy nerds, andy [...] has done a plethora of drugs and seems to be on the path of being the next courtney love (in terms of obnoxiousness and drug intake), janeane does supporting roles in mostly forgettable (and sometimes wretched) films (even though she does have talent), and bob odenkirk did mr. show and recently (as of november 2006) directed the awful let's go to prison.  the only sketches i remember in which i mildy laughed were the "b minus time traveler" sketch.  stick with monty python's flying circus, which is still unsurpassed in sketch comedy.
imho:  dumb movie....after seeing some of the other amazon reviews of this movie, and the fact that jason swartzman was in it (after having seen him for the first time in "rushmore" - a wonderful film), i had to purchase a copy of this dvd for myself to view.  it's got a wonderful cast of fine actors, but i found this movie really dumb.  one critic on the dvd box claimed this was "laugh out loud funny."  really?  what movie was he watching?  i strained a chuckle here and there, but that was about it for me.  the lily tomlin  dustin hoffman characters were particularly annoying as was the script.  i know this was supposed to be a satiristic movie, but i didn't find much to snicker about.
was michael moore involved in this??.it is a far stretch to call this a "documentary".  a comedy would be more appropriate.  i think there was more scientific fact in "the day after tomorrow
i thought he already lost the election; why's he still campaining?.hopelessly misguided.  overwhelmingly biographical.  smartly directed...al gore's never ending struggle to prove that mankind is destroying the earth and that the solution is international governmental control and primitive living reared its ugly head on the silver screen earlier this year and is now available on dvd!  beware, though - that dvd is made of plastic, which is derived from a number of chemical compounds including - (gasp!) - oil.  the recipe for the movie, however, is 1 part science, 3 parts personal anecdotes, and 4 parts slideshow fun!..mr. gore has taken the liberty of inventing a scientific consensus (this is, of course after he invented the internet) on which to start his new campaign for president.  his movie is almost entirely about his own life.  a fair amount is devoted to his current struggle to advance the environmental movement, and what is left over is a small amount of very misleading science.  it isn't, necessarily, bad science - it is just far from representational.  however, i won't waste this review debating the scientific ideas advanced by mr. gore - there are plenty of other scientists and resources for that...what needs to be recognized about this movie is that it is a campaign video and not an educational documentary.  there are components of informative dialogue and presentations, but this is really all about al gore, not global warming.  there is more discussion of how his political opponents have got in his way and in the way of his message than there is of actual solutions to the "problem."  this is my big criticism.  the movie masquerades as a documentary to advance an environmental cause when it really intends to advance al gore's availability for political office.  even in that light it still operates dishonestly...mr. gore chastises the bush administration for refusing to take action to stop global warming.  however, even when gore was running the country with bill clinton, they did nothing.  in fact, gore's proclamation in the movie that he tried diligently to get kyoto passed but was stopped by the republicans is bogus.  the clinton administration found the protocol unworkable and challenged the fact that it only bound a few nations to action without timetables.  they never even submitted it to the senate for ratification.  in this fashion, the movie continues with one dishonest claim after another...in the end, the movie is full of misleading science and statistics, complete lies and fabrications, and it focuses more on the nobility of gore than on any perceived global issue.  the only thing that makes me give it a second star is the fact that it was smartly directed and well edited.  the message that the movie intended to convey comes across loud and clear and with style - it's just not a message that anyone should hear or trust
an unconvenient truth.when the scientific facts about climate change are seriously looked into the only inconvenient truth is vice president gore needs to find another celebrity cause.  a passionate speaker can sway many people that are already leaning towards a given theory.  it quickly becomes evident that once the predicted ice age of the late '70s and early '80s didn't pan out the only direction to go was the opposite or global warming. what should cause most people to pause and think is that when the noise dies down the only solution to global warming given by it's theorists is to vote for a certain political party.  sorry, nice try al. perhaps if you spent more time cleaning up the heavy metal pollution found on your own property you would convince more people
gore's campaign dvd for the presidency.pseudo-science from the inventor of the internet, the inspiration of love story, the guy on the cover of rolling stone and the "winner" of the presidency in 2000. garbage not worth watching.
not for this family.guess i'm in the minority about this, but this play (not a movie) left me thinking that i wasted my money.  i enjoyed madea, she is a great character.  i never seem to care about the rest of the people or their problems. for me the only thing funny about it was when madea took the stage, the rest of it was simply boring
the devil bores read-a and moviego-a.i read the book and saw the movie, which other than title and major characters, have little in common.  i can't say i really liked either.  the book is a little funnier. my major learning from the whole project was when "who wants to be a millionaire" taught me about "roman a clefs", of which "devil" is one.  perhaps if i had more interest in the fashion industry, i'd have been more fascinated by the inside look that "devil" provides.  meryl streep is very good as the apparently soulless miranda priestly, editor-in-chief of runway magazine, but somehow she's never quite devil enough.  anne hathaway is passable in her second (or third) "made over princess" role.  the minor characters, including the wonderful tracie thoms as "best friend" lily, are mostly wasted.
way way overrated and schlocky!  amateurish!.the whole premise and ultimate execution of this tacky and ridiculous fictional story line was an exercise in frustration and dissapointment for this viewer.  in short, the disjointed story line goes like this: troubled angst-ridden teen sees a person in a scary looking imaginary bunny suit (whose face resembled iron maiden's eddie!) who gives him advice/messages; he escapes death (a jet engine crashing through his roof) because he listened to this fugly bunny and left his house; he gets instructions to conduct vandalism against those places and people he dislikes from said stuffed bunny; he discovers some old hag named roberta sparrow he knew was an ex. teacher at his high school who wrote a terrible version of a 'hitchikers guide to time travel and worm holes'; same falling jet engine he escaped the first time around finally falls from the sky and kills him, but his girlfriend who died gets 'resurrected'.  are you still with me??!!!  i love sci-fi and fiction, but all this is beyond ridiculous!  that, my friends, is essentially what this super cheesy 'made for mallrat teens' film is about!  i mean, 'gigli' was a better film for chrissakes!  even the made-up time travel rules and tenets from the various chapters of this stupid time travel book that they flashed onscreen from time to time was laughable.  in the end, the only redeeming moments in the movie was when they used some great songs in the soundtrack from great alternative timeless rock bands like the church, duran duran, joy division, and tears for fears.  hardly enough to save the film though.  if you must, rent 'dd' if your curiosity is piqued, but to pay full retail for this movie is a certain waste of your (or your parents') money
very much a let down.this collection is more of a documentary on the history of steel cage matches in the wwe. the documentary itself would be okay for a television viewing, but not a slightly overpriced dvd that advertises itself as something that it isn't. there were some matches that barely had any blood if any. up and beyond that, most of these matches could almost be considered mid-card match ups as far as quality...one that that was upsetting are that there are no wcw cage matches circa 1990 on the disc. wargames in that era were the only place a wrestling fan could find great, bloody matches guilt free (it was rare to see blood on wcw any other times, but when you did it was well worth the wait). ..i don't even feel this is worthy of a match-for-match rundown. if you find it cheap used, definitely pick it up, but i'd recommend waiting until it's in the $3.99 bin at your local pharmacy.
the difference bewteen the two series. theirs, ours..the original british series the office: like watching a clever, intelligent, and hilarious comedian (robin williams, for instance) perform a monologue that is so side-splittingly funny and satisfying, you'll wish you could replay it forever in your head...watching the profoundly un-funny and tasteless u.s. version of the office: like listening to a zit-faced teenager who thinks he's robin williams tell a fart joke. you'll wish to get the hell away from him after about two seconds...what is it about the united states that we ruin everything? =(..this series is obnoxious, it's annoying, and i hope it dies a painful death.
fake "dog whisperer" - studious ignorance.cesar milan, the so-called 'dog whisperer', bases his training methods on a dog behavior model that is so out of date as to be archaic - from the dinosaur age. he teaches that dogs base all their behavior on their pack status, and that you need to use painful 'corrections' to convince them that you are alpha. this idea hasn't the slightest shred of evidence going for it. ..yes, dogs do have dominance roles, but that hasn't the slightest thing to do with problem behaviors. dogs do 'bad' doggy behaviors because they work. dog guards his food bowl? dog wants to keep food and knows that growling keeps you away. dog pulls on the leash? dog wants to get somewhere faster and knows that pulling speeds things up. the dog doesn't care whether or not you're alpha; he only cares that what he's doing works to get him what he wants. ..technically, cesar's methods work. but they use force, fear, and pain to teach the dog, when you can teach the same things faster with the proper positive motivation and non-forceful techniques. i have three hyper, active, highly driven border collies, and they're all very obedient and mannerly. they don't haul me around the leash, nor do they leap at guests, nor do they ignore me when i tell them something. and i don't need to be 'alpha' to get them that way; neither does anyone else. ..i strongly suggest that you don't buy this item. good books to start with are karen pryor's 'getting started: clicker training for dogs', melissa alexander's 'click for joy!' (also with a great problem solving section), and jean donaldson's 'the culture clash'. you can easily have a happy, obedient, well behaved dog without causing him fear and pain
the dog shouter?.if you love your dog, and wish to truly earn his respect and trust, please resist the pull of the glamour and glitz of mr. milan's t.v. shows, and don't bother buying this book.  his very basic premise of exercise, training and love remain the only idea i agree with as a trainer and behaviorist, myself. mr. milan ignores prevailing research by using his forceful "choke and drag" methods; these methods can create different problems ultimately.  compare this book to positive perspectives:  love your dog, train your dog, by pat miller.  you will create well-behaved pets through a form of benign leadership, clear communication, love, and trust to form a willing relationship using ms. miller's methods.  patricia mcconnell, phd., and karen london, phd. have written many fabulous and informative books on training and behavioral issues such as the cautious canine, feisty fido, i'll be home soon, way to go! and feeling outnumbered?  these books are short, easy to read and packed with lots of useful, realistic tips.  if you truly love your dog--please stay away from this book
depends on what you want.if you want to see mr. milan demonstrate his personal rapport with animals, this dvd will fill the bill.  however, if you are seeking advice and instruction on how to overcome aggression in your pet, this dvd will not be of much help.  the dvd is really nothing but an infommercial praising mr. milan's talents. i seriously doubt that the dogs he works with in the dvd maintain their non-aggressive behavior after he leaves. the strategies he uses, such as having the aggressive dog walk beside his non-aggressive pack dog, are not practical for the average dog owner. if someone were going to hire mr. milan as a personal dog trainer, this item would certainly serve as a recommendation, but it is woefully lacking as step-by-step instruction on how to overcome aggression in a dog
garbage for all seasons!!.this was a mess. this movie gave me the feeling that i was was watching a really bad made for tv film. i was mesmerized at how deplorable the acting was. everyone just seemed like they were sleep-walking through their roles. viggo mortensen is generally a decent actor but in this he acted like he was just acting in this so he could pay off a car loan. all in all, this film was predictable, formulaic and a bore. please save your money for something worthwhile
nothing to marvel over..i wanted to see this film in theaters. i am a cronen fan. i admit. i wasn't really a huge fan on viggo mortensen. i never read the book, but somehow i was drawn to this film, indirectly...so, i wait for the dvd. which isn't such a bad dvd as it is a film. firstly, there are no surprises. any surprises this movie could possibly have in store for us was revealed in either the trailer, the dvd cover, or the dvd ad. viggo's performance as a whole, wasn't too shabby. ed harris was obviously the one man shining through this dark and boring movie. so in this small, secluded town tom stall aka 'joey, turns out to save some lives and becomes a hero. although, it turns out tom stall wasn't much of a hero as he was a villain. that's about it. the movie drags it ending around like a dogs rear on the carpet...the sex scenes felt out of place more than anything. i couldn't stress that enough. i'm going to be blunt. they are too random. they are in bad taste. they are uncomfortable. they are very much disliked by me, personally...and finally, the ending. the ending was probably the most empty finish i've ever witnessed. tom stall goes after his brother, takes care of him, drives back, and sits down for a nice meal with the family. three words. fade to black...i give this movie 2 out of 5 stars. for two reasons. some of the action scenes were interesting, and ed harris. i would not recommend this film
can i get some coffee please!.if there ever was a movie more hyped in 2005 it was "history of violence" on critics top ten list, everyone was talking about the performances of viggo and maria and ed, so i went into it with high expectations. honestly it wasn't horrible, but it wasn't worth all the worship that the hollywood community and critics heaped upon it either. the story of a humble family man in a small town who thwarts two cold blood murderers, only to be visited afterwards by his past in the shape of ed harris , who in my opinion had the best performance overall. ed (mr. fogarty) is in the mob and seems to think that viggo (tom) is joey cusack a former mobster who went missing after killing his friends and wounding his eye and now he wants revenge. tom, and his wife edie (played by maria bello) have two children, a farmhouse, and a diner and tom insist that he isn't joey. the story goes on, dragging and dragging with tiny spots of violence and sex. maria bello has never been one of my favorite actresses, i think her acting ability is a natural as her blonde hair (evidence is in the movie) she brings the level of believability down and makes viggo's performance seem like he is trying to make up for her lack of talent. we soon figure out that tom is indeed joey and after we say goodbye to ed harris's character (of which i was just disappointed to see, c'mon he was awesome!) tom/joey goes to see his brother, richie (william hurt) to make amends for disappearing, and soon realizes that richie wants him dead. so more killing, more blood, and tom/joey is finally free of his past, if his family would take him back. of course they do, really, his redemption is yawn worthy set around a dinner table (his daughter sets a place for him...) and the movie is over. there was no aha moment, the action wasn't anything new, the story was predictable and the setting was "been there done that". viggo is an amazing actor, and if there had been a better script he might have come across as more tortured and the tom/joey duality could have come off as truly horrific to change back into, the shift of reality was barely noticeable. maria bello, needs to stop being cast in these dramatic roles where she is some tough, sexy, stringy haired ball breaker who is kinda motherly, it doesn't work for her, she cannot pull it off. so i don't recommend this movie, its slow, its disappointing and its not all it was cracked up to be
good acting, poor story.this movie had a halfway decent set up and good acting, but the storyline deteriorated as the secrets were revealed and the ending made no sense. that's 91 minutes of my life that i will never get back, honestly my time would have been better spent sitting in an empty room staring off into space, at least then i could pass it off as meditating.
there are worse things than forgetting!.when i first saw the previews, i thought that it looked very interesting and could be a good movie...of course, i thought the same about white noise.  i guess the lesson here is that hollywood has trouble making a good movie from beginning to end (like the sixth sense).  i think hollywood is more interested in making a good trailer than they are a good movie so they can make a lot of money in the box office.  the forgotten is no exception.  the first half an hour or so is very good and joseph ruben creates a creepy atmosphere with good performances from julianne moore and dominic west.  however, the movie quickly begins to fall apart (like white noise) and becomes less and less believable.  i was hoping for a logical explanation, especially since the box of the movie read: "the biggest jaw-dropper since the sixth sense."  however, the explanation is flimsy and unrealistic and my jaw only dropped at how ridiculous it was.  nothing at all like when the ending came for sixth sense.  i bought this movie for $2 so i can't complain but so much, but am still amazed at hollywood still struggles to make an entertaining, cohesive movie without so many holes.  the only thing that is "forgotten" is i have forgotten when creepy, psychological movies were good
the book is so much better!.i picked up the book at a yardsale without knowing much about it, and absolutely loved it! it is so smart, funny, and heartbreaking, without ever being sappy. so, naturally, i was curious about the movie too. i figured that because ephron had written the screenplay too, not much could go wrong. and while the story line followed the book more or less, the movie turned out terrible. i could not have been more disappointed!! first of all, jack nicholson is completely miscast, because he essentially plays himself (as usual), not the *interesting* guy that mark is supposed to be. he is the opposite of charming, funny, tender, lovable, i.e. somebody that the character of the wife (rachel) would fall so deeply in love with and trust so completely. you suspect all along that he is a cad; therefore, rachel's utter shock at his betrayal doesn't make sense. besides, he is too old for the role! meryl streep is annoyingly twitchy, but much better in her role as rachel. still, she can't carry the movie alone, and her love scenes with nicholson are flat; there is no spark there. i wonder how happy ephron was with the movie adaptation of her novel, and whether she really did write all the scenes. the wedding scene, where rachel has doubts about marying mark and spends what feels like 5 hours in a room alone agonizing, while the wedding guests wait, is out of place, not to mention boring, not to mention heavy handed. a total dud
heartburn is the least of the ills caused by this movie.a slow, loggy movie about a philandering husband (everyone was guessing this was watergate reporter carl bernstein in the nora ephron novel on which the movie is based; he was ephron's husband). jack nicholson plays the husband and meryl streep the wife, and both are uncharacteristically bland. there is hardly anything to the story: they marry, she gets pregnant, he gets restless and wanders. we finish watching knowing and caring as little about all this as when we started. very dull
heartburn  or  men..beware ! most women only want to breed !.this movie made me sick to my stomach. here we have a woman like nora ephron, a woman with professional job skills and talent and when she marries, she turns into a needy, desperate women whom evidently believes her own self-worth is determined by having babies, one after another. i ususally love all of meryl's movies, but i could not stand seeing her turn into a needy, always pregnant quot;homemakerquot;. if i were a man, i would have run awary screaming, too
disappointment.after reading the reviews here i thought this would be a great, quick and to the point workout, but that is definitely not the case.  typically i do the video after already having done cardio so was very irritated to find a long cardio workout before the ab exercises began. also she spends too much time giving instructions for each exercise, i found myself wishing she would just hurry up the whole time. i also bought the 8 minute video series and maybe that is why this one is so disappointing. i recommend buying 8 minute ab if you are in a hurry and don't want to deal with an annoying instructor
naughty but clever.yes. wild things is what i recommend for our jaded eyes. aren't we sick of all the crowd pleasing pg-13 shows which are neither sexy or action packed - most of all with hardly a plot? wild things is sex sex sex but with witty capital h humor and a twisted story...recent eye candy shows could learn a thing or two from this film. candy can remain sweet and sickening but a great script and a good cast (from oscar nominee matt dillon, kevin bacon etc) can turn candy into cuisine
poor quality.very poor audio quality. i still enjoy dan zanes songs on disney channel but this dvd is a different story. never played it again ever since it arrived and we checked it out the first day..bought after reading other reviews, dont know why others are raving about, could be his friends
incoherent, passionless, garbage..i watched this movie and i have no idea what it was about. admittedly it had the usual post-modern, post-matrix action movie tropes, improbably gorgeous protagonists dressed in tight clothing doing impossible things (i'm a big fan of charlize theron in a sheer body suit), lots of explosions, a vast, behind the scenes conspiracy (well, that's kind of redundant, most conspiracies are 'behind the scenes) run by evil bad guys and futuristic storm troopers who are so bad with their firearms that they make the imperial storm troopers in star wars look like marine snipers, but other than that what was this movie about? it's as if the producers decided to take a bunch of these tropes, throw them up against the wall, see what stuck and how they splattered and then make a movie from the messy results. what comes out is incoherent and impossible to understand. "aeon flux" is "plan 9 from outer space" with better looking actors and a huge production budget. well no, it's not even that, say what you will about ed wood, he at least liked the movies he made and threw himself into them, but it's doubtful that anyone involved in "aeon flux" viewed this incoherent mess as anything other than a paycheck, and it shows. save your money, in a few years this will be on showtime late at night as a replacement for "beastmaster iii" and if you're up late you can watch it then
waste of time  money.save your money and time, even you like some of the actors, the movie is a pure flunk!!
same ol s***.this movie has its moments. unlike most action flicks that tend to boast more action than a watered down story. this actually has a story worth paying attention to. however it follows the same formula as every other female action movie. she's fighting for some undergroung syndicate, the best asassin they have to offer, avenge someone's death, and nobody can beat her to include the one's who might have trained or are equally skilled. there are some cool shootouts and fights, but i'm kind of gettin sick and tire of this same pattern. if you want a real action flick, check transporter
not that great.i don't think these dvd's are that great. i'm not sure if i just don't like mari winsor, or if i don't like pilates, but i bought these dvd's and only used them a few times before i lost interest. some of the moves aren't that easy and others don't seem to do anything at all. i plan to stick with taibo
stop after season 3.the care and attention given to character and relationship development in seasons 1-3 are gone from 4-5.  silly plots, many based on 1980s trends, i.e.: divorce rates, bored housewives in rebellion, aerobics, consumerism made my eyes roll.  the suburban episode was the worst-the first asian characters on the series were japanese tourists with big cameras and lo and behold, latent martial arts skills that came in handy at the end. it's like season 4 was all about being campy, and i missed the good writing.  it was such a different direction for the show than in previous seasons. the romance element is inexplicably headed backwards- the character of laura holt has practically become an ice queen and remington is left to make cheesy passes and be happy with a goodnight kiss.  what was up with laura-abuse in the last season 4 episode?  meanwhile, the writers seemed to turn their interest towards beautifying mildred who has had a fashion transformation. she also delivers one-liners every time she opens her mouth.  ..i agree that the airline and butler episodes were better.
lust for life, indeed!.douglas as van gogh was a reincarnation of the artist himself. van gogh was an eccentric and tormented soul.  douglas manifested all the elements needed to descibe and fullfill the artist's message.  like all the great artists, modiliani, gauguin and van gogh were haunted by the demons of their past, which inevitably lead to their self destruction.  an excellent film to all, not just art historians
hate it!.to violent for anyone! this movie is horrible. the cast is good, but the plot stinks! its just this family who have super powers. then this kid wanted to be mr. incredibles side kick. (in a way)mr. incredible says no so then he hates him. then the kid turns evil and kills people, and wants every body to like him. thats origanal. there are barely any jokes you laugh once every 20 minutes, and there is way to much violence. killing, guns, punching, bombs, and they say stupid words sometimes. i do not like the person who directed this film because he should not like violence. so i do not recommend this movie to anyone. especially the 2 disc special edition!
the mothman travesty.three problems with this film:..1. pacing - the film's pacing doesn't vary.  it's very boring.  as a matter of fact, this wouldn't be a problem if the film were much more tense (e.g., "speed"), however this film lacks the high-action intensity to pull off such a slow expository speed.  ..2. effects - too many sequences of this film rely on color and light superimpositions, and there is an overabundance of high-speed imaging.  the scene changes that employ erratic barrages of images desensitize the viewer from the thrilling "horror" scenes.  furthermore, they fail to make enough sequential sense of the film's plot to really mean much to the film as a greater whole.  the upshot: the film relies too heavily on the art of editing, to the point where plot twists are no longer interesting.  ..3. triviality - the plot's conclusion quails in the face of the "so what?" question.  the viewer is left with a sense of, "i sat through the film for that?"  in light of points (1) and (2), this obnoxious bit is the icing on the cake.  ..don't waste your life...alon
more "lost cause" mythology.it's amazing how hollywood and the publishing industry have bent their knees to secession mythology, from birth of a nation to the present example of melodramatic falsification. this is a very dull, shapeless, stilted movie. i wouldn't bother to denounce it on artistic grounds, but since it is above all a piece of propaganda, i'm compelled to condemn it as history. what it presents is the "war between the states" version of the civil war, in which the gallant southerners defend their homes,their beloved hills and dales, their cultured lives from the inexplicable invasion of the rude hordes of the north. there are only two black characters, both sentimentally loyal to their southernness and their masters; otherwise, slavery is beside the point. the generalship of lee and jackson, of course, is idolized, while the northern officers above the rank of colonel are portrayed as fools. the battle scenes are perfectly predictable; guys charge on foot, other guys shoot, the fields are littered with bodies. wouldn't a little exposition of the logistics of those battle been more interesting? how real is it to show only one train, and that southern, in a war won more by transportation than by musketry? if you are a believer in the myth of the lost cause and the justice of secession, if you have ever cottoned to the notion that the war wasn't really about slavery, then i challenge you honor! i defy you to read just one heavy, scholarly book, arguing about slavery by william lee miller, a professor at the university of virginia. it retells the debates that occurred in the house of representatives, over slavery, in the 1830s, twenty-five years before the election of lincoln. the uncompromising sectional hatred expressed in those debates will surely convince you that the civil war had deeper roots than you thought, and that slavery was indeed the central issue for both sides, blue and grey
what horrific garbage!.while i was watching this movie i thought to myself, "am i going to die?  have i gone to horrible movie hell?"  you see i was trapped in a theater.  it's like being tortured by some horrible nightmare but you can't leave cause b actors are pretending they can act just because they're fat.  the in crowd gives you that feeling like when it's grossly bright outside and it's a sunday afternoon and you're in a car and you've been sitting for 6 hours and you feel sweaty and there'a a football game playing on the am radio and you want to escape.  in conclusion, this movie turns me into melting snow.  but i suppose there are worse movies-- (see my review on gummo)
oh my, what an inexcusable fiasco from universal!.when i received this for christmas the year of its release, i was unaware of the framing issues.  i had to ship parts 2 and 3 back to them for replacements.  on top of that, there were warbling sound issues with part 2, and the michael j. fox interview ran about 8 chapters before kicking you off and back to the main menu.(this was reported on many websites)  also, the trailers were all full screen, not widescreen.  apparently all of these issues have been fixed in the 2005 re-release.  the thing that angers me the most is that since i couldnt return part 1 to universal initially, ive got a disc with the trailer in fullscreen instead of widescreen....ughhhh.  i can live with it in fullscreen and i am not gonna exchange the set for a 2005 set because who knows what more crap ill have to go through with universal.  thanks for nothing......pass this one up until its reissued with new features!
meh.the meta-story of this film was potentially interesting, but only before the gathering of the bad actors of the roundtable. ..one star each for cross and black, whose genuine talent are the only reasons to bother glancing at this movie. unless you are the type to grow an emotional bond with unlikeable characters, whose masturbatory storytelling is untinteresting and unbelievable, i would recommend you spend ninety minutes of your life doing anything other than watching melvin goes to dinner
melvin should have another serving of paste.directors, actors, and all others associated with the film industry make a real effort to be cerebral.  it's understandable, as it's a worthy goal.  99.5% of them fail - perhaps it's a lack of education, maybe it's poor upbringing that has reinforced self-absorption, and it could be that the superficiality which makes them such a good fit in hollywood directly leads to this end.  the only redeeming quality of the film is that it exposes human foibles (and this is not a new concept - it's typically an element of every movie).  it seems that movies these days fall on either end of two extremes: telling stories of people who unrealistically do the right thing, or blathering of shallow morons who are poor subjects of empathy.  this falls into the latter category.  i want that hour and a half of my life back for a more worthy endeavor such as playing target practice into a trash can with a staple gun.
i love most of bob odenkirk's work....i think i've seen almost everything bob's been involved with and this just didn't do it for me. if you have friends and they aren't complete dullards, you've probably had most of the conversations you'll see in this movie
speeding to hell.the story here dosen't matter. the main characters fuse into a missle of meth and insanity towards an explosive ending. scwartzman escapes his fate temporarily and murphy is blessed with a reprieve but rourke pays the full price for his evil concoction, meth. quirky directing and film editing can be somewhat distracting but not meaningless. roberts is so gay you want to smack his face. he an rourke have history on film and play out their familiarity. rourke is phenomonal again as an immoral genius, a role he plays better than anyone today in film. br
what a bad movie!.i wouldn't recommend this movie, unless you have nothing else to do for the night and want to watch it alone. due to a high content of bad words, screaming and violence, it's kind of embarrassing watching it with someone else. some people really enjoyed it, and that's not me, and that's not the other two people i know who watched it. some violent parts are a bit hard to believe, but i guess that's what the story is about. this movie is a bit of a hollywood-style suspense, with rather cheesy college scenes that are common to comedies. ..there's one good idea in this movie and that's how life develops as it goes along, and one action or inaction changes how life plays out. but this is no where near original, even the simpsons had an episode like that. ..so, this movie is definitely not on my best movies list.
a tale told by a teenager, signifying...?.the premise - that one could change specific events in ones' past through psychic concentration - could have been the foundation for a fascinating thriller.  i don't condemn the film's corollary either: that each change produces new, unforseeable tragedies.  it's the way the story is told - its ham-fisted dialogue and plot, its forced obscenity at every turn - that reveals its teen sensibilities..     it is therefore fitting that the director's preferred ending is included here.  it is the perfect catharsis for teens who "...wish i was never born!
for die hard kutcher fans only..the movie starts off very slowly, with childhood episodes from ashton kutcher's character.  it's at least 1/2 an hour before we see the adult kutcher, although he does appear at the very beginning for a brief scene.  the premise is good, and it has some good momentum in the middle, which is why i gave it two stars.  the shifting situations of his life and the lives of his friends are interesting and well done, but the overall story line is very weak, and the ending is dreadful and not supported by most of the rest of the story.  also, the movie has too many tongue-in-cheek references to kutcher's real life circumstances -- such as the reference to "tighty-whities."  they distract from the story, and make the movie more of a vanity vehicle -- which is too bad -- if you are not a kutcher convert and are just looking for a movie, skip this one
whiny slackers poke reality with stick - reality bites back.reality bites seemed fresh when it was first released, giving voice to a generation - with the unfortunately derogative soubriquet of "x" - that was overeducated, underemployed, plagued by the flashy, trashy commercialism of mtv, and stunningly superficial in its wholehearted embrace of pop culture and rejection of serious moral or philosophical discourse it might have stumbled across in college.  ..it was a good start because transitioning from the idyllic and unreal world of college to the crass, cruel arena of materialism can be tough, providing limitless opportunities for challenge and personal growth - the very stuff of real movies.  instead we have a swan dive into a pizza hut commercial held together by a plot so shop-worn it would have been considered exhausted in 1930...winona ryder is winning as lelaina, but one can only imagine the sats of football players at a college where she is valedictorian.  her "documentary" is appallingly narcissistic, reflecting the characteristic gen x notion that - "if it's about me, it's art, and it's important."  ethan hawke does an excellent job as troy, the very archetype of self-satisfied, supercilious entitlement.  we are expected to root for him, but it's hard to refrain from hoping he gets hit by a bus...stiller, who directed - a talented fellow almost impossible to look at - plays michael, the "anti-troy."  smooth, successful, and very much plugged into the contemporary franchising of gen x culture - if culture is the right word - he's an executive at an mtv-ish corporation.  that he improves lelaina's preposterous "documentary," rather than destroying its alleged artistic integrity, is the film's dirty little secret...viewers surprised by who wins lelaina's hand will also be stunned to learn that professional wrestling is fixed and liberace was gay.  indeed, when you strip away the thin veneer of pop culture references this is really a very traditional movie.  janeane garofalo is outstanding as always, and john mahoney shines as the tv morning chat show host who looks sweet and avuncular on camera but is in fact, a bastard.  his performance says more about the likelihood of finding anything even remotely resembling reality in film - or on tv - than the rest of this film put together...in fact, reality is great, this picture would have benefited from some
definitive portrayal of generation x (for what that's worth).many reviewers and critics said it best...what do you do when the "hero" of the film (ethan hawke) is a complete a---hole, winona ryder is a horrid documentarian that would give ed wood, jr. a run for his money, and stiller, who is supposed to be the bad guy, actually isn't that bad of a human being?  and winona's friends are the smarmy, arrogant, generation x punks who think they know everything (when the reality is (forgive the pun) they don't know jack).  past generations would quote tolstoy and shakespeare, generation x quotes tv commercials, scooby doo cartoons, star wars, and bad sitcoms.  generation x is probably the most insincere generation ever, detaching themselves and calling themselves "ironic", when all they really do is indulge in pretentious pseudo-intellectualism.   is this film an accurate portrayal of them?  yes, in some ways.  is the film worth watching?  yeah, at least once.  stiller gives a decent performance, it's nicely shot, and garofalo actually almost gives her slacker character depth.  this is probably due to the fact that garofalo actually has some substance herself, as opposed to the character she plays..check it out more as an artifact of its time more than a cool film.
brilliant actings, predictable story!.i've seen ethan hawk's best performance ever in this movie. it was great. wiona ryder and other actors were great too but it was not even a memorable movie. it has a predictable sipmle story that made no sense at least for me. maybe i'm not right but in my opinion, this movie does not worth to buy. does not even worth to rent. but gh the movie itself does not worth anything but it's soundtrack issome channels may show it occasionally. it's worth to be watch once at tv!.by the way, i forgot to mention that this movie has a great cd soundtrack, really great. worth to buy
indeed, reality bites.if this is the generation i am supposed to belong to, i want to disown it.  ben stiller's directorial debut centers on four friends recently graduated from collage, and are now trying to find their way in the world.  the movies messege is that we are a lost generation, but that is not are parent's fault (where this movie tries to lay the blame).  the kids in this movie are just lazy, more or less.  and they spend their free time trying to make meaning out of their lives.  indeed, troy (ethan hawke) even tries to ratinalize stealing a candy bar by saying society ows him.  winona ryder plays waify lelina, who makes a documentry out of recorded footage she has of her friends.  one day she meets michael (ben stiller) who is their age but has made a good career out of the tv industry.  ethan hates him for his honest approach to life, and so the battle for lelina's love begins.  i really wasn't too impressed with this movie, it just made it seem like my peers are just wallowing in self pity for the sake of being the cool, tortured artist; when they should get off the couch and go get a job
terrible.this movie was terrible....i went into the theater skepical because i heard that the screenwriters were untested...well, this disastorpiece is what you get as a result. the movie did so poorly that it bankrupted square pictures. ..the dialouge was filled with one liners, wasted several talented actors like donald sutherland. the drama seemed artificial, and the story was just bad. what i did like about this movie is that it showed that adult-oriented computer animated productions are possible instead of the childrens movies by pixar (monsters inc....which was actually far better than this)..this movie is just bad....avoid it...i want to see them make a movie out of final fantasy 6, which was the best of the series in my opinio
it had some good moments, but was mostly boring......i am a sci-fi / space geek so this movie seemed right up my alley.  the cast was solid, the director has talent, and the story is a true story so all pretty much went well...right?  nope...this was a pretty dull film with very little believable suspense. the formula kept repeating over and over: something goes wrong + houston advises + astronauts do something = all is well.  lather, rinse, repeat.  boring, very boring. i never once flet any real tension except for the initial "problem" which obviously was not that bad because everything went well in the end.  ..the problem is that all of the "issues" the men faced were handled so matter-of-factly.  rarely did anyone seem rushed or panicked.... it was just yeah, attach this tube to this tube and magically everything will be ok.  i never felt that the astronauts were really threatened, maybe a few times, but only for a minute or two.  some reviews claim that this movie was tense and riveting.... how so i must ask?  nothing really happened.  it was not emotional at all since the "struggles" of the men were so poorly portrayed.  to each his own i guess, but 4 1/2 stars?  geeez, just because tom hanks is in it does not make the movie good follks!..the family interactions were pretty standard: crying wife, kids asking questions, annoying media attention, etc, etc.  yeah, i could feel for the characters to some extent, but again, this movie needed a lot more real tension and panic to be meaningful...i will say that the launch scene was excellent and very cool, so were some of the space shots but even those were fake with noise and star-trekkish special effects...too bad, i had high hopes for this film but was completely disappointed and bored...not recommended
try lock down.american me in review: .lousy, predictable story. there are two maybe three characters in this movie that have some depth but most are generic sterotypes, but since the script has such transparent and worthless dialogue it's almost not even the actors fault (almost). i am not a particular fan of this type of movie but if you watch "lock down" you'll see what a movie in this genre should be..after all i've heard about american me i thought it would be good, it wasn't even decent... and the extras are laughable
who killed the knight?.slight, insubstantial bit of fluff about a young art restorer (kate beckinsale), a begrimed flemish painting she's commissioned to clean up, and an ancient murder mystery chronicled in the painting and... happening again!!!  .. you see, the painting depicts a doge playing a game of chess with a knight while the doge's wife sits at a window and looks on.  they're all casting meaningfully sidelong glances at each other.  beneath the painting is a text, in latin, asking `who killed the knight?'  as soon as kate starts scraping off the old lacquer and paint that cover the inscription, folks around her start falling like ten pins.  and, to ratchet up the mystery some, chess pieces are left at her doorstep after every murder... naturally, the police are ruling all the murders death by natural causes, kate enlists a spanish gypsy chess genius, beds are hopped with impunity, while i'm wondering why the heck i rented this one in the first place.  i'd never heard of kate beckinsale, and this one didn't convert me.  i don't think it had anything to do with her.  she has a certain gamin charm, and the couple of in-the-buff scenes convinced me her charms didn't stop with her smile.  the story is so lumbering and hokey, though, a bad soap opera unnaturally conjoined to a bad mystery, that i found it hard to rouse interest between the au natural bits.  didn't help much that i figured it out before the first chess piece fell, either.    .. recommended only for beckinsale fans, or at least those who - unlike me - know who she is and are interested in seeing her in an early movie.
come on now!.it's a real shame  complete idiocy that number 1, this show isn't sold as a season package  number 2, that they can't sell it at an affordable rate.  for example, if there was a dvd that had a complete season for around $20 or a dvd that had the complete seasons 1-3 for no more than $40-50, this would make sense..it was a great show, but come on now lets be sensible  reasonable about thi
this isn't funny.the best part of my dvd is the fbi warning at the beginning and the theme song.  i am 4 episodes into to the first dvd and i have not laughed even once.  the humor is not clever.  it is chris elliot falling down and hurting himself over and over again, or exposing himself to radiation, and then someone cranks up the laugh track. i liked chris okay on david letterman; he wasn't the main attraction, but his skits there were okay, and i appreciated them.  unfortunately, so far in this first season, this series sucks.  it isn't funny; it isn't clever.  the idea behind the series, a loser who still lives with his parents and has a paper route has promise.  the execution is pathetic. ...let me give you an example of one of the most clever things on the show.  chris falls in love with a gal in the 4th episode and he confides in gus that everywhere he looks, he sees this girl's face.  gus points out that he has pictures of her put up all over his room.  and the camera shows lots of pictures of this girl all over his wall.  big laughs from the "audience."  now, if that sounds funny to you and put a smile on your face, you will love this series.  later on, this gal throws a rock from her window and hits chris in the head.  again, the laugh track is cranked up.  for me, i don't know if i will watch past this 4th episode. ..there are many good reviews here, which are an absolute mystery to me.  maybe the key is, if "married with children" is your idea of high comedy, then "get a life" maybe right down your alley. ..notice on several reviews, people recall how great this series was when they were 11 or 13; but when they see it again, they are suprised as to how bad it is now.  maybe this would appeal to your 12 year old kid; and maybe if your intellect level is that of a 12 year old, this could be the show for you.  "friends," which is not my idea of a great show by the way, is probably too subtle for you.
what bible did they read?.this was a very unscriptural movie, and a very poor portrayal of king david. it was a waste of time. professional production work and big name actors do not a good movie make. maybe hollywood has its own way of viewing things, but when making a movie of a written text as well known as this one, it is better to stick to what the text says. david did not scrabble on the ground for stones for his sling during the battle with goliath, he collected them ahead of time. the affair with bathsheba was at his idea and initiation, not hers. he did not have a tantrum when god told him he could not build the temple. enough said
unscriptural message - david not portrayed correctly!.the real king david was a man after god's own heart (as testified of in the bible), but in this movie david is portrayed as self willed, defiant and unwilling to be rebuked. the movie puts at odds david (who is a prophet himself) and god's true prophet nathan. in the bible god does send nathan to speak his word and david hears it as such - see 2 samuel 12 for a real/biblical example of david and nathans interaction. the message of this movie seems to be 'follow your own heart' (as oppose to what, god's word, written or spoken?). the bible says "he who trusts in his own heart is a fool..." (proverbs 28:26) and "the heart is decietful above all things, and desperately wicked..." (jeremiah 17:9). ..so my point is "do not believe every spirit, but test the spirits, whether they are of god; because many false prophets have gone out into the world." (1john 4:1) and test all things by "the holy scriptures, which are able to make you wise for salvation through faith which is in christ jesus. all scripture is given by inspiration of god, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness, that the man of god may be complete, thoroughly equipped for every good work." (2 timothy 3:15+) and "give attention to reading, to exhortation, to doctrine... meditate on these things; give yourself entirely to them, that your progress may be evident to all. take heed to yourself and to the doctrine. continue in them, for in doing this you will save both yourself and those who hear you." (1 timothy 4:13+
"r"-rated movie, not pg-13!!! buyer beware!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.i've read the other reviews and i don't know what version they got but the dvd i received has more than a brief scene of david with his wife (breasts clearly exposed)in bed. that scene alone would not be allowed in a pg-13 movie. there is another scene where david is viewing bathsheba bathing. she is standing, completely nude and you can see everything. then the camera pans in close for a "waist up" scene and bathsheba and her female helper are washing her breasts and body. .this is diffinetly an r-rated scene. this movie is not biblically accurate as others have claimed. people need to read their bibles before making such a claim. there are many scenes that are accurate, but there are many that are not. one example is that in the movie bathsheba wouldn't sleep with david while her husband was alive. not true in scipture. in the bible, david saw her, had her called to the palace and slept with her. then david sent a letter to have uriah killed. would of been a decent movie without the smut
very uninteresting,,,,.oh, i forgot.... everyone in ancient israel spoke with an english accent. that's right. this movie is just plain uninteresting. to begin with, an entirely different actor plays david for the first 30 minutes of this movie. he's supposed to be the young david but when richard gere finally appears as david, they look absolutely nothing alike. the story just wonders. it doesn't seem very well directed and i found it very hard to stay interested. get "david: the bible collection" dvd. it is much, much, better.
had higher expectations....this movie could have been summed up in 30 minutes. i fell asleep several times trying to get through it, good sleep aid, not such a great film. i had way higher expectations from watching the other amazing miyazaki films. this movie isn't a bad edition to miyazaki's portfolio, but it's not even close to his best
the brat pack comes of age."st. elmo's fire" is one of those movies that could have been better, should have been better and yet, it just wasn't..it featured an ensemble cast of the young and hot stars of the 1980s, the so-called brat pack (well, everyone but molly ringwald and anthony michael hall, who were spared this misstep).  maybe this was supposed to be "the breakfast club - - after college", but while "the breakfast club" had characters, even stereotypical characters, that you could relate to, there is absolutely no one, with the exception of emilio estevez' character, that you care enough about to relate to in this film..the setting is not the john hughes teen friendly illinois, but georgetown, where our bunch of brat packers have supposedly graduated from college.  uh-huh.  yeah, right.  .judd nelson and ally sheedy are living together and supposedly looking toward marriage - - problem is, nelson is looking at and screwing everything else female that walks by and somehow hoping that sheedy, in her prim and proper sweater and skirt sets and pearls can change that.  andrew mccarthy is their mutual friend who knows what nelson is up to and secretly harboring a festering desire for sheedy (or maybe it's just the pearls?)  emilio estevez is a future attorney, working as a waiter/server and suffering a serious crush on andie macdowell.  mare winningham is a dowdy, trust-fund type girl who is still holding on to her virginity, working in social services and fighting over marrying the proper dork that her parents have selected for her.  she instead fantasizes about rob lowe, who is the pretty boy sax player in a local band, who has dropped out of school, married a white trash-y looking groupie, had a child with her and has now separated from her, and taking up with other groupies.  demi moore is the wild chick who works in international banking, has a serious coke problem, stepmother issues and a problem with painting her apartment walls hot pink and with giant murals of billy idol.  .sounds promising, huh?  well, in what is an early portend of the "melrose place" to come, sheedy finds out what a dog nelson is, dumps his ass, immediately jumps into bed with mccarthy, who is too desperately in love with her to realize that this is a rebound job; estevez, after screwing up a lucrative house-sitting job by hosting a party there, travels to the snowy mountains to track down macdowell and profess his love to her.  he finds that she is holed up there with her boyfriend and despite being crushed, he lays a huge kiss on her and then heads back home.  lowe, in between faux-playing his sax and shaking his feathered head everywhere, takes winningham's virginity and heads back to his estranged missus.  moore, after whining seemingly incessantly about her ill stepmother, has all her furnishings repossessed, loses her job and freaks out..not exactly "the breakfast club".  .the real problems seem to lie in the characters themselves.  with the exception of estevez' character, they all seem like caricatures and horribly stereotyped.  their every action, every line of dialogue seems like just that - - they seem very one dimensional.  their so-called angst seems like a handy plotline device and nothing more than that..winningham's character could have been salvagable - -except that she followed lowe around like a sick puppy, knowing full well how he mistreated his wife and what a basic slacker he was.  and yet, she still gave her virginity to him.  maybe if winningham wasn't so bright, or she was a college freshman, it would be understandable.  but she was a college graduate and seemingly intelligent..lowe really had little to do with his role.  maybe if he had played the role nelson had - - as the roving lothario, with sheedy waiting at home, it might have gone over better.  with his too-pretty looks, it would almost be understandable how the character could get random women he just met to sneak into dressing rooms with him.  nelson just doesn't seem comfortable and doesn't pull it off - -but maybe nelson might have been better suited for the sax player..moore basically plays herself - -an interesting sidenote is that she was originally fired from this production for her drug problems, mirroring her character - - but was later rehired..while the title song later become a minor hit, "st. elmo's fire" itself missed the mark.
spend a couple hours of your life with 7 vile people.of all the hateful self-centered characters and idiotic plot lines in this movie, the one i found most offensive was the one involving emilio estevez/andie macdowell.  isn't stalking hilarious?  and isn't kirby the cutest obsessed stalker you've ever seen?  i bet stalking victims everywhere wish their stalker was a lovable as little kirby...i also loved at the end when ally sheedy tells andrew mccarthy and judd nelson that she just wants them "all to be friends".  to which they both reply the classic cinema line, "ehhhh... ok."  wow.  now that's drama.
the brat pack and those enormous granny panties.this was the movie that gave us the brat pack, a staple of a certain 80s cultural set.  the term brat pack was derived from an article writen by a journalist out one night with most of the men starring in st. elmo's fire on a boozy night of partying.  since then the gals in the movie as well as a few others who weren't in the movie (anthony michael hall, for example) suffered a bit of a ripple effect.  here we will see all of them at their prime and at their peak of heart throb success on every teenage girl's bedroom wall...out of all the dramedies of the john hughes movies, this was the one i liked the least.  maybe it was the fact that all the characters were so vain and self centered.  maybe it was the fact that it was all so idealized seeing all of them trying to adjust to their lives after graduating college.  it was trying to be the next generation "graduate" movie, and i didn't relate when my time came.  maybe it had to do with the fact that i have been let down by many people and didn't have that network of friends in similar situations, and the isolation i felt during that first year adjusting to the outside world having left the nest of academia.  i guess i was just a little more bitter.  plus, as my life was surrounded by work and little else, i didn't have all the dramas going on they did...that was kind of sad, the one scene where rob lowe goes back to his old frat house and they tell him they need someone like him to couch their team.  it proves you really can't go home again and there are some clinging to the past.  not to mention embarrassing with that one gal who has managed to hold onto her virginity for so long and in one of the attempts to releive her of it rob lowe finds those enormous granny panties.  ..this caputed more of a time in fashion and music than it did a mindset.  it's not a bad story, but the vain and self centered antics of the main characters left me cold.
*yawn*.i bought this dvd because it features alan rickman. i also purchased it because of someone else's amazon review (they sounded like they really knew what they were talking about). i am glad i bought it used, because if it were new, i would feel that i'd been cheated...the movie was about as suspenseful as waiting in the doctor's office. there was no sense of suspense, and i was about as thrilled and chilled as a lukewarm cup of tea (mind you, i'm not the type who requires non-stop action and special effects to be happy)...the dialogue throughout was tedious and trite; the scriptwriter should be on the unemployment line, as well as the director and the editor...the plot was, in some respects, totally illogical, and at other times nonsensical. even previous scenes don't tie in neatly enough at the end. the plot is entirely unconvincing and implausible. the choices the characters make - whether restless, bored, frustrated - don't tie in the the normal patterns of logic and suck all realism away from the film (like a greedy, unwashed vampire)...the movie features a wealthy, bored couple. i was also bored. but i'm not wealthy...however! all the actors did their best within the limitations of this film. polly walker was very convincing as a sensitive, but hypercritical wife. in fact, i'd say she provided the best performance, and her character was the most three-dimensional and human. they should have provided more time to make the audience more sympathetic to her character. ..norman reedus was fairly genuine as the young man, although he seemed more creepy and psychotic than attractive. he failed to grab my empathy. which makes the plot of the movie more implausible ... that a jaded, wealthy couple would have allowed him into their environment...alan rickman did his usual subtle work, but it was so subtle that i thought they might have not let him have his morning coffee before filming. his attempt at an american accent did not fly too well. later in the movie, however, he becomes much more interesting. ..the end lacked passion and was not surprising at all; it was entirely predictable...for rickmanistas, yes, you get to see alan naked. so, just fast forward to the end of the movie and you will be happy...i have always admired alan rickman - i'm a big fan - but he would have been better in a more skillfully scripted  directed film...so, i give it two stars. *yawn
the character of martha dunstock.rather than give another general review as others have kindly done,  my review focuses on one aspect of the film, indeed one character, that of martha. ..martha dunstock is known throughout the film as martha dumptruck. even the film credits include the nickname `dumptruck' besides the character's surname (evidently feeling the need to labour the point). portrayed as unattractive and pathetically grateful for any attention she is given, she unwittingly provides the slater character with information enabling him to murder a student. later, when the cult status of the `suicides' (that is, murdered students) becomes apparent, martha attempts her own suicide by walking into the path of traffic. but her attempt is shown as a failure. at the end of the film martha is bruised and now disabled, in an electric wheelchair. ryder's character, having finished her voyage of self-realisation, rejects the school prom night and instead invites martha to stay in with a video and popcorn. martha gratefully accepts and the closing scenes show ryder walking along the corridor while martha encircles her like a planet around the sun...the image of martha in her wheelchair, an object of pity for ryder and for the audience, signifies to us fears of being different, of not being beautiful, of not being loved and respected. martha is the person we are all frightened of becoming. she is given no means of solving her predicament by the film maker. and though some of us in the audience may be fat, or disabled, or both, we may yet still fear martha, and are invited to consider ryder's protagonist's journey of self discovery as our own, even is in physical and social reality, we are more like martha...for this reason, `heathers' fails as an exploration of the `hell' of high school ( a description often used by buffy/angel/ firefly's joss whedon). those in the audience not as thin and complying with western standards of `beauty' as the protagonists (probably the majority of us) ultimately may find the so-called subversion of cruel hierarchy in this film just that little too shallow, leaving a bitter after-taste. the way `fat' people are portrayed in films such as these unfortunately often reflect the predictable, transparent and absurd fixations of the film makers. sadly this is happening even today - in some ways it has gotten even worse since the western world decided to wage a 'war on fat' (to quote paul campos) - and even at best it is lazy film-making.
great movie - horrible dvd.the move is one of my favorite sci-fi films but this is the worst job of trasferring to dvd that i have seen. there are no special features and no chapter stops, this is as if they copied a video tape to a dvd. i could accecpt it being full frame but if i had known that it was this cheap a transfer i would not have purchased it
movie is top - dvd is a flop!.this dvd gets only 2 stars because the 4:3 tv screen format of this dvd production is really ridiculous. .but the movie is one of my favorites, number 4 on my all time best movies list..the feel of the movie is more like that of a typical 70's sci fi movie (like 'andromeda') than of a 60's movie. austere and unemotional (like colossus himself), quietly and punctuously narrated, minimalistically acted and with minimal action - a movie for the brain, as befits a movie about a giant electronic brain taking over control of the world. i like the outdated look of the technology in the movie - black-and-green screens, led displays, printout terminals etc. really gets you the feel of the dawn of the computer age in the 60's. and captures- then reasonable-appearing - fears of computers surpassing human beings. attention! spoiler! the movie has no happy end, the supercomputer maintains control of the earth in the end. just as it is in d.f. jones' novel 'colossus' on which the movie is based. and that's another reason why i like the movie so much - one of the few movies without a forseeable and boring happy ending. the absence of a happy ending is not the absence of an ending, by the way, contrary to what has been supposed by a previous reviewer...this movie almost has the quality of a kubrick
best movie with no conclusion i've ever seen.ok, i'm a scifi fan.  i read the scifi reviews and thought this was really a movie for me, and it really was good right up to the end.  just one problem, they forgot to write the end.  what happened?  did they run out of money?  did the writer write himself into a corner?  there was no climax, conclusion, or resolution.  you can argue till you are blue in the face about "pan  scan."  i prefer movies with an ending.  if you are looking for a great unfinished story, this one is for you
i expected something different.i used to be a step aerobics fanatic.  i am just now progressing from my physical therapy into a more "normal" workout regimen after herneating a disk in my lower back last year and thought this video would be a nice compliment to my elliptical workouts.  while i thought the lower body workout was solid, i thought the upper body workout was mediocre.  and i was disappointed in the abdominal exercises.  i thought it was bad form to encourage beginners to hold on to the back of the legs for crunches.  ..most of all, i would not recommend this workout for anyone who has experienced a major back injury in the past.  i followed all of the instructor's directions for beginners and am currently in the most back pain i have experienced since last august
wow, surprise.im really astounded by how well this movie has been rated. i love depp and i thought it was terrible. i think he wanted to do something a bit different and dark but this movie is just sort of pointless. it's about the english restoration and the rebirth of the theatre during a time when sex and murder and general taboo subjects were unacceptable but rampant. it takes the nature of the period to the extreme and was overall terrible. it acted like it was very profound but conveyed very little. it had potential to be an incredible movie but if you're looking for a depp fix- just pick up something else.
gag me with a spoon!!!.i found this film to be a total waste of otherwise good talent.  it should be rated x.  i didn't know "johnny" could stoop so low.  it made me want to barf!!
horrid movie.i saw all the revies for this movie and was expecting a dark enjoyable tale about a libtertine.  i was strongly mistaken.  johnny depp is a great actor with great abilites, but this is the worst movie of his i have ever seen.  even his "cheesy" movies were better than this.  the rated r rating is light.  i couldn't believe how pornographic it was.  even in quills, it wasn't as raunchy as this.  don't waste your money or your time with this one
untype-cast.discala was emotionally type-cast, and physically mis-cast, to play an allegedly desirable woman. she would, however, be perfectly cast as a fat-assed, shallow, narcissist. oh, that's right, she has already scored that role on the sopranos
the sick, the sicker, and the dead.the film opens with three men arriving at a house. they draw their pistols and rush in. shots are fired, and tuco escapes. then a bounty hunter visits an isolated house, searching for "jackson". he learns the new name of "bill carson" (they were part of a gang of robbers). there is an exchange of opinions, shots are fired. the bounty hunter leaves to report to his boss, and perform another job. next we see a wanted man captured by three men. another man shows up to eliminate the competition, like a lion driving away hyenas. the wanted man is turned in for the reward. but his hanging is prevented, and he rides away to be recycled. [can you believe this?]..tuco catches up to his former partner and captures him, the tables are turned. [this is like a cartoon.] just like it looks like it is over for "blondie" a runaway wagon appears to begin a new story! a dying man tells of a buried treasure of stolen payroll. now tuco must care for "blondie" because he knows the name on the grave that contains the treasure. as they ride away, they see a gray troop of cavalry coming for them. the gray turns out to be dust on their blue uniforms. [another joke.] now they are prisoners and sent to a camp. [was there really combat in the southwest?] this film is like a succession of short stories linked through the same characters...tuco manages to escape from the train. later "blondie" escapes and they meet again. there is more gunplay in eliminating the competition for their business deal. they arrive at a huge cemetery, much too large for the small town shown in this film. [obviously staged.] and so there is a showdown between the good, the bad, and the ugly. scratch one rival. the film ends with a sick joke about hanging. i wonder why some people rate this film highly?..the vocalized song means there is no problem in translation to another language. [isn't it funny?] the most interesting part is how a 1950s style western was created by europeans after they became obsolete in hollywood. not that they can't do better.
trite.the fridays gang steals some diamonds.  mike epps is not chris tucker no matter how hard he tries to be.  his constant whinning is enough to ride my last nerve.  plus, everything about the movie is just campy and just wholly unbelieveable that i don't know where to begin.  whatever you do don't buy or rent this garbage-wait to catch it on tbs or something
all about the benjamins gets all about nothing after awhile.yeah, ok, ice cube is a bounty hunter and mike epps is a criminal who ends up teaming up with him to defeat the badguys,am i right on that...right. the story is great but not that great. so many holes and so many stupid supporting characters doesnt make up for the seemingly endless movie with a taste in your mouth that sits there and then makes your mouth all icky, thats what it was like for me folks. god i almost fell asleep at that photo shootout and then the other one where at the end with the boat and superlame climax. put some thought into your head as you are about to watch this. for cube and epps and eva mendes fans only. and if you wanna see an old lady in a raincoat like coat with a thong bikini on it, then this is the film for you
there's nothing wrong with the davis baby, but there's something with the film itself.although i knew this movie might not fit my expectations, i still ordered all three parts in a box from british amazon, much because of its cult status among horror fans. actually i wanted to watch this since i was a boy. and i was right as well as many reviewers (i mean about expectations) - "it's alive" appeared to be rather boring and not scary at all. the only pluses i saw in it are great work by john p. ryan (i always adored him) and that nostalgic feeling i got while watching. and by nostalgic i mean the epoch of 70s itself shown in the film, and the way movie was shot. nowdays we used to see monsters from the first minutes on screen, and in "it's alive" we get to see the evil baby just closer to the end. .anyway i think the film lacks some brutality and real horror, maybe they'll come up with something more infernal in the sequel which is being planned, as i heard. .but in general "it's alive" is quite ok for a low budget movie that doesn't claim to be a masterpiece of horror genre. buy it if you like old cheesy horror films, especially those which became legends a long time ago.
0.5 stars:  babies don't scare me..babies don't scare me except when i have to change a dirty diaper.  the storyline of "it's alive" simply did not interest me and i found myself bored, bored and bored.  i don't think this storyline works very well and as a result i think the movie is largely ineffective as a horror movie.  if you want to make this into some kind of a politically motivated flick as a reviewer mentioned above, that is fine, but that's the only way anyone would be able to read any interest into this plot because the actual movie itself for entertainment purposes is sadly inept
unbelievable crap!.this movie could've been something, had they gotten some real actors, a script and a director. well, they didn't, and this movie is an embarassment to mankind
too true to life.i read the book when it was first published and then a friend had a son diagnosed with leukemia and went through the same thing as the mom in the book. fortunately he had a lot of advocates that pushed him to ignore the insurance company and his son finally found a donor match but it was too late. so i feared that this movie would not be up to the book. my fears were unfounded, the casting was brilliant and i loved this movie, even though it is tough to watch, i still catch it in reruns on the satellite occasionally and "must watch". that is how good it is
nice movie, but a huge disappointment.this follow up to the brilliant 1983 classic quot;a christmas storyquot; is a pretty disappointing affair. the movie does not hold the same magical quality and nostalgia as the holiday movie. kiernan culkin and charles grodin taking over for peter billingsley and darren mcgavin, were no match for the pitch perfect performances of the latter two. mary steenburgen takes over melinda dillon's role as mom. the film deals with ralphie's young childhood in the 40's. kind of bland and boring. if your a quot;christmas storyquot; fanatic like me, you will be disappointed as well. it's not a bad movie at all, it's just not what one would of hoped it would've been following the previous classic
i agree it blows.i own all of these movies already and i can honestly tell you this collection is a rip off. they're asking way too much for so few movies. now, you add a few more classics and make them all 2-disc special editions, then hell yeah i'll pay $500 for it. but this just isn't worth it, collection set or not
this set blowwwwws.this set was produced way too early. disney made too few of these sets (although at the time it was released only 15 percent of americans had a dvd player) to further insult disney fans they put in a stupid sequel? i mean come on, just put in lion king 1 at least, or a movie that was a little older. this set should be burned, i'm a collector and i don't even think personally that it has any collector value as all the movies are being released (lady  the tramp on 2/28/06 and little mermaid 10/06) so whatever, wait for the platinum 2 disc sets. i still have my 101 dalmations on laserdisc :)
stick to princess flicks.if "havoc" was anne hathaway's "all grown-up" vehicle, she needs to check the engine.  hathaway heads up a cast of almost starlets such as bijou phillips and joseph gordon-levitt in this drivel.  hathaway and her friends, the "plc" as they call themselves, are products of upper-class palisades in california.  bored with their seemingly bland lives, they adopt the "gangsta" mentality of the rappers they listen to and idolize.  in truth, they're nothing but a bunch of unlikeable, snot-nosed posers.  we've all encountered this type before.  you see them at the mall wearing the most expensive "rocca" wear and and "fubu" even though they have no clue as to who or what they are actually idolizing.  they think that they have no identity of their own, so they latch on to the nearest cultural group that they can find in hopes to be something that they are not and never will be...in this tale, hathaway's group has a run-in with a latino gang.  drawn to these outlaws, hathaway and a few of her female friends join the gang for an all-night party.  hathaway then returns with one of her friends (bijou phillips), and the two take the downward  spiral into supposed gang life.  in the end, however, something happens to them when they decide to actually join the gang.  their actions cause a number of things to occur.  the results of those actions are status quo for their social status...although the film is pulled down by a lot of over-acting (gordon-levitt seems to have channeled jamie kennedy's "malibu's most wanted" character, b-rad), the real deal killer is the actions of the supposed street-tough latino gang headed up by freddy rodriguez.  first of all, i'd think that a real gang would have taken out the "plc" without flinching.  secondly, had four "innocent" little girls actually made it into the gang's party, i'd think that they would have ended up either raped and dead or strung out on some sort of illegal substance.  instead, rodriguez backs off on the posers of the "plc" and seemingly falls for hathaway's character enough to let her and her friends live out their fantasies of being in a real gang...full of characters that warrant no sympathy and an overly nice street gang who allows little girls to live out a lie, "havoc" is a dud.  unbelievable, uneventful and definitely a rental
wreaking havoc with my sensibilities.what can i say about the truly inspired film "havoc" that hasn't been said before?  barbara kopple, an academy award winning documentarian, taking a grittily realistic look at urban youth dabbling in gang culture--sounds like a recipe for success!  add a talented cast of appealing up-and-coming actors given really meaty roles--awesome!..not so much....."havoc" is, unfortuanately, an unmitigated disaster.  you won't believe your eyes.  the kids, the gangs, the streets of l.a.--everything just rings so false.  the last time i saw so many posers "playing" street toughs was at my junior high auditions for "grease".  and i think we could have taken these kids...a lot has been made about the "shocking" sexual content of the film.  anyone "shocked" by this movie probably doesn't see very many movies.  anne hathaway does appear naked, which seems to be a selling point, but she and everyone else deserves better...i'd actually have rated the movie about a 4--because it's a campy mess!!!  if someone had realized that this was a b-level exploitation flick, and sold it as such--i'd have bought into it.  no, though.  this is a "serious movie" and "important" document of our time.  sadly, on that scale, these kids need to go back to school because they failed
idiotic movie about really stupid people.maybe the 1995 script was edgy and groundbreaking, but i doubt it. since vanilla ice was in and out of the cultural eye 4 years before the spec script and 15 years before this movie, the concept of white kids trying to act black in the most ugly ghetto stereotypes is just not all that new. i went to high school with kids like this and i've bought the eminem cd. and there's a little more to them than the stupidity. but let's discuss the movie...anne hathaway plays a dumb girl who thinks that acts ghetto in her gated community and urges her boyfriend to go buy drugs in east l.a. (??). seeing her boyfriend beat down, she's eager to return and find that hot latino dude that did the beating. then she goes to parties, gets into even more trouble and starts losing her jerry springer-inspired ghetto talk. the mexican guy keeps trying to tell her that there's more to his life than selling crack on the street corner, but well he's doing a lot of selling crack on the street corner. actually, he's coming off like a gangsta yoda ready to impart life lessons at the drop of a hat. yes, it's ironic that she's trying to dress ghetto while he's trying (not very hard) to dress suburban (wife beater is suburban?)..the movie's climax is a scene in which anne and bijou ask the guys if they can join their "crew" and if the gang didn't have a sex gang initiation for women before they asked, they sure have it then (and really, who doesn't know that that's gang initiation standard - started by the hell's angels in 1965). after that disaster (both anne and bijous say no - but bijou takes a little more time saying no) the movie unravels as anne hathaway discovers her inner white girl and her friends act even more stupid. there's a neat scene between her and bijou philips toward the end that almost makes me like these people, but it's one of the few points of truth in an otherwise dumb movie...the one thing this movie does is to make me appreciate dj squalls' character from hustle  flow (and hustle  flow in and of itself) since that's a white character in a black world that doesn't fall into either extreme of wigger or doogie howser. he's just himself whereever he goes. he's someone the morons of this movie could learn from (but really wouldn't you rather just see them all shot dead?
sean patrick flannery i love him.... but.so there i was surfing the net... listening to suicide kings in the background.... thinking... okay so i just won the young indian jones trading card set... what else should i get that has sean patrick flannery in it! a ha!  here we go... a movie with britney murphy as well- score! well... i was sadly sadly... very disturbed that i paid this much money for a movie that sucked this badly.... if you like quirky black comedies... this movie is for you... but not for me! sean patrick flannery drives around with his wifes skeleton... britney murphy causes her fiance to kill himself because she doesn't want to marry him.... it all just sucked...  sean though... is still of course sexy sexy! and so is brtney murphy- but i think she looks better as a thin blond.. than a baby fat brunette...
dissapointed.'if these walls could talk' was dissapointing. it was too disjointed for me to gat any real understanding of the message. i would not suggest any of my peers to purchase the dvd
let down!!!!!!!!!!.not enough ta for me. michelle williams didn't show enough.
insufferable.i know, i know - elaine stritch is a "legend" - she makes sure you know it, believe me...  maybe i'm the only one in the universe who felt like smacking her, but, i felt like smacking her.  she offers a few bon mots about old hollywood and broadway, however the rest seems like a self-congratulatory vanity piece.  i got the feeling that she's been practicing these "naked" little soliloquies for her audience of one, in front of the mirror, for years. maybe that is the point of the show, i don't know.  perhaps some think she should be humored because she's 80, but crikey, i just found most of it insufferable.  sorry elaine..
a has-been.the reviewers here are rating the performer, not the show. stritch looks haggard, sings horribly, and most of her stories are only interesting to her. a dreadful performance all around
cliched story, inferior animation..we're deep into the formula now with computer animated films -- and over the hedge is one of the most tired of the bunch. can anyone say buzz and woody? chicken run? the exterminator is the stock villain in cgi movies --almost identical to the vintage toy collector in toy story 2. how many times can you do the a-bomb joke.....worse still is the dialogue, the painfully unfunny one-liners, and the .see-saw animation that is either dull or like a pinball machine with sight gags and explosions. it is clear that each of these animators are trying to outdo one another, and that once again we see a cleverly-disguised lack of locations -- or interest. there must be nothing easier to craft and render than endless rows of geometric homes and a single proscenium of forest. this film is a by-the-numbers piece of merchandising with very little genuine artistry.
outrageous!.this is not quot;follies in concert,quot; it is the reader's digest version.  many numbers have been truncated and many omitted, most notably quot;waiting for the boys upstairsquot; and quot;the road i didn't take.quot;  while the concert itself ran over 130 minutes, the dvd is made from a 90 minute video tape.  include the fact that they added about 30 minutes of rehearsal interviews, and the concert is basically cut in half.  in addition, the dvd is video tape quality and the sound is unstable.  all in all, a very disappointing recording for sondheim lovers
deeply flawed.this movie has some great moments that give one hope for what it could have been.  emma thompson in particular shines in her role as the candidate's wife.  however a terribly hokey script full of over-the-top metaphors about the moon and wild boars, characters who are too underwritten to win the empathy of the audience, a running time that's 45 minutes longer than it needs to be and a really, really, really bad score (seriously the worst i've heard in a major studio release film -- it sounds like a ten-year-old's piano recital or something.) sink this movie into the bottom of the commercial stratosphere.  ..most disappointing of all are the two characters the audience is supposed to have the most empathy for.  there's libby, played by kathy bates, whose character trajectory is unbelievably manipulative.  sadly i can't be more specific about this without spoiling a major plot "twist" -- suffice it to say that filmmakers try to manipulate you into feeling something for both her and her cause -- not through good writing, but through an action that it made little sense for her to take.  then there's henry burton, the campaign manager through whose eyes we see all of this.  his innocence and idealism are supposed to be challenged over and over again but the screenplay never presents him with any real moral delimmas.  instead he gets just a lot of sad music playing over soft-focus close-ups, a completely unresolved subplot with his girlfriend, a background involving him being the grandson of a civil rights leader that is never delved into and a character that is never fully developed.  when the credits roll, we still have no idea who he is and what it is he stands for -- and the same can be said of this entire movie...the dvd has no extras to speak of, just production notes and a trailer that make it hardly worth having a dvd instead of a video.  characters in this movie talk a lot about the importance of making history.  the true events it's based on did, in fact, make history.  (the fact that this film is actually a fictionalization of the clintons is no secret.)  but at this point, i think it's safe to say that this is one aspect of the clinton administration even democrats don't want to revist, so there's little hope of nostalgia ever saving this movie from the only spot in history it has managed to earn: the ash heaps
way way overrated and schlocky!  amateurish!.the whole premise and ultimate execution of this tacky and ridiculous fictional story line was an exercise in frustration and dissapointment for this viewer.  in short, the disjointed story line goes like this: troubled angst-ridden teen sees a person in a scary looking imaginary bunny suit (whose face resembled iron maiden's eddie!) who gives him advice/messages; he escapes death (a jet engine crashing through his roof) because he listened to this fugly bunny and left his house; he gets instructions to conduct vandalism against those places and people he dislikes from said stuffed bunny; he discovers some old hag named roberta sparrow he knew was an ex. teacher at his high school who wrote a terrible version of a 'hitchikers guide to time travel and worm holes'; same falling jet engine he escaped the first time around finally falls from the sky and kills him, but his girlfriend who died gets 'resurrected'.  are you still with me??!!!  i love sci-fi and fiction, but all this is beyond ridiculous!  that, my friends, is essentially what this super cheesy 'made for mallrat teens' film is about!  i mean, 'gigli' was a better film for chrissakes!  even the made-up time travel rules and tenets from the various chapters of this stupid time travel book that they flashed onscreen from time to time was laughable.  in the end, the only redeeming moments in the movie was when they used some great songs in the soundtrack from great alternative timeless rock bands like the church, duran duran, joy division, and tears for fears.  hardly enough to save the film though.  if you must, rent 'dd' if your curiosity is piqued, but to pay full retail for this movie is a certain waste of your (or your parents') money
not very good at all, i don't recommend.i got this because i have recently started a weight loss program and wanted to expand on my fitness dvd library. i love dance, and i wanted to try new things, and i thought that it was good value. eeeeeht!! was i wrong. this woman is in one word: pesky. i watched all her performances, and her dances were overly bouncy, stiff, and beginner. i got the impression she was like a child performing some made up dance for her family, and we were supposed to nod and smile indulgently and say shes great. she always has this big cheesy smile on her face, and not only does she wear too much makeup but the clothes she wears hide her legs and you cant get a good idea of the footwork which is a real hinderance. the bellydancing is a disgrace, and ive seen enough belly dancing instruction videos to know. i was like 'what is she doing...' then i saw that she was doing the step kick step kick hip drop with her arms "framing" her body. i was like 'oh no no no no no, that is not the way to do that'. her hand movements for her basic egyptian, which is simply touching your temple with one arm and sticking the other one out and alternating, was barely recognizable. she can't do undulations and in her performance she does like one, then walks arounds some more, its like the whole time she walks around just doing a kick here, a kick there, swirls her ugly veil around like a 5 year old, and does bad impressions of otherwise beautiful moves, almost like there was no effort, no "push". not to mention her costume was horrible. one of the worst ones, but i think the 100 pom pom samba outfit takes the cake in the worst cosstume ever award. ..the bollywood was silly, and again she was just really bouncy and sort of stiff in her movements. she talks a bit about "look at the audience" and audience this and audience that, you can tell shes a stage performer. she does a lot of theatrics, with her goofy smile and her show-off mannerisms. shes all proud looking, its almost like "look at me, im salsa/samba/bollywood/belly/whatever dancing!" even though she has nothing to be proud of because she can't dance. she relies heavily on hand movements, but their cheesy and not done well, more of a parade-y look. her costume for the performance is another terrible one. get this, she wears a  cropped middle length white sleeve top with fake red flowers sewed on in some weird way, some tacky collar thing, gawdy wannabe indian style earrings, tacky multicolor fake flowers in her hair around a high ponytail, a black multilayered sequined skirt over the same brownish black dance pants she wears for the workouts and for the tutorial, with a gold corded belt with the stupid trail of flowers continuing after their three or 4 inch gap where you see two inches or so of her upper stomach, along with some odd neon rainboww primarily lime green and neon yellow colored wristbands. her facial expressions are silly, overly theatric, and just kinda pouty, not to mention throughout the whole thing her double chin and belly fat just disturb me, she doesn't carry herself well and its like "if yyour such a great dancer and you work out so much why do you have all that flab?" im not small and i like seeing women who arent skinny toothpicks working out, but the leader needs to be held to a higher standard in my opinion. ..the flamenco section was a bit better, here her performance costume was the best, even though her skirt fabric was rather tablecloth-y. otherwise, this costume was both very traditional, pretty, and appropriate. its too long though, so when she lets it fall, which she does all too often, you cant see her feet, which she doesnt use very well. you can tell shes doing flamenco and you see a bit of it in her performance, but its a weak attempt. whe you see real salsa dancers you see they stomp, they flip the skirts, they add passion into it, most spanish flamenco dancers are fire man, but once again she's just really boring and way too basic. i think i could do a better job, and i'm a beginner! her footwork has no flare and theres hardly none of it, again her body movements arent pronounced and her undulations lacking in grace, and she handles her skirt like a plain old twit. she's so into theatrics, youd think she'd play with it more. everyone knows a good skirt spin can hide bad footwork and a lack of tewchnical skill. she's just boring, but it was a bit better. ..salsa i think is her best. i can recognize the moves, and she not only does them pretty well she adds a bit of flavor and does them as if she were dancing in a club. costume is silly in that sequined pink thing, i thought should be red that doesnt go at all with her trashy red lipstick. she brings a partner in, but he really cant dance. he's ok though, at first he's just like a dumb oaf looking like, "hey, im dancing with elsa...." then he gets better, though he lacks any real pizazz. mostly it looks like him imitating salsa dancing boys, which means he's a good match for miss elsa because thats exactly how she looks. they get spicy and a bit complicated with a faster tempo, and all in all it was kinda cute...club samba? pbbbhhhtt. here comes the pom pom kindergarden art project from hell! and voila it jumped onto her already tacky halteresque top in falling uneven not well sewn/glued on pattens, another tacky three inch elastic waistband top mini skirt with a ring of pom poms just below. however the 3 layers of red ruffles serve her well because fort once her hip undulations have spice and she really shakes it for about 8 counts. her hip swings look like a stiffed middle aged woman with back problems doing the robot or like trying to do a pelvic thrust but she'd break her hip if she does. her hand motions as usual are stupid, corny, and lacking in both grace and proper form. she can kiiiiinda shake it, but not really, she just looks silly, stupid and old, and like shes not aging well. all in all it wasn't the atrocity of the bellydance and bollywood, but it wasnt good. ..as for the tutorials: the outfit, go figure, is ugly, pants up to her mid-ribcage and a wierd cropped green sweater that like soccer mom sweater twinset gone trashy. she does an audio overdub while she does the movements. its not very in sync with her movements, and she adds in odd things like when your doing a leg release in belly dancing, "picture the energy leaving your leg". i'm like "whaaaaat? this isnt yoga!" that was so random, i tell ya. she does a great job of how not to do the moves, but she doesn't do them well correctly either. stiff, not really smooth, and so severe i think less fit people could actually injure themselves. she also tried to vary her instuction (i.e. down down down up, down down down up, bounce bounce bounce... up!" and its irritating. some good basic information and instruction is given, i just can't get why she doesn't do it better. ..the shimmying, im less than impressed with. the tutorial is less then a minute long, and she only explains knee shimmies. again a few good pointers, but their so basic i already knew. ..the samba tutorial is actually ok, her brazillian squares are odd and overexagerated, not well executed, and more of the silly not in sync audio overdubbing. the only things she performs well are the basic moves anyone thats ever entered a club can do. i like how she does variations and thinks of modifications and steps for beginners that they can build up to. heck, i might even take away a few moves from this, but i have a feeling i'd get a much better instruction from a primarily latin/samba/salsa dancer. funny how the real pro's do it better, eh? don't think shes a pro, because trust me she isn't. well intentioned, but just not a very good dancer im sorry to say. ..the salsa tutorial is ok, i think this lady knows the latin dances best. she gives ok visual instructions, pointing out alignment in the torso and adding modifications to steps. you could really go out with a few of these moves to a club i think, but again you'd be better off with a primarily salsa/latin/flamenco teacher. this is probably the best, and suprisingly compitent. more bad audio, but thats the way it goes. ..the flamenco tutorial is good, showing pretty good technical form. her flamenco hands are well done (you see where she gets the disaster of the basic egyptian hand undulations). her way of speaking is a bit odd, (the way she says 'it's a "comee over! come over!".... kind of gesture" is comical), and her main problem is that shew tends to need to "catch up" to the movements shes doing in the video. ..the bollywood tutorial is ok, if not a bit kooky. i like her hands, their good details, and her "bird of paradise/lotus" hand movements are both thoroughly explored and well executed. her moves aren't what they could be, they lack the grace and general knowing finesse of a real bhangra dancer. her lower body and footwork moves aren't very well executed, but you wouldnt know how exaggerated and stylized she makes them unless you've seen a real bhangra workout. ..overall, i like that she adds little tidbits about where the moves come from, and she does give some good instruction, and i like the modifications she adds in for those that might not be able to do things as fast as she does. you can tell she enjoys dancing and performing, and that she tries to make it both fun an educational, but i don't think the technical skill is there. ..the workout portions with voice are so irritating i literally cant stand to have them on, so i'll review the ones with the music only. ..the warmup is very basic and typical, the music is alright, rather tribal, but i fgelt so wierd without the chatter  you hear in most programs, but it was better then hearing that woman try to teach and instruct and count and motivate you throughout the class, just plain rritating. there are some cool moves, but i guarentee you you'll get a better workout anywhere else. ..the bellydance actually looks a little bit fun, but again you can find much better elsewhere. too repititious to be much of a dance routine,and while it might be much of a workout i justt don't feel like doing it, and i love doing other exercise video dances. ..the shimmy looks a bit complicated, you just kind of shimmy while moving around, then bopping around, doing bad seated hip thrusts and framing it with stiff arms. maybe a bit of fun, but whatever is all i can say. i don't want to encourage anyone to buy this, so i don't want it to sound good enough to buy. ..to make a long story short, all the dance workouts look mildly fun, i'd say thats where she really shines, but its not worth it to me because the segments are short, and you'd be better off doing something that'll really work you out...you want to do bellydance? get instant bellydancer crash course by neon, or any neon dvd for that matter. she is clear, fun, beautiful, meticulously instructional and she just has this grace and skill that makes you go "wow, she can dance!" not to mention her gorgeous soft russian accent is not only completely articulate but gorgeous! there are plenty good belly dance workout dvds too, so get a good one with a real bellydance instructor like ansuya, jilliana, neon, or even amira mor.  ..you want to do bollywood, which is a fusion of indian dances including bhangra? get a masala bhangra workout with sarina jain, its a blast and an hour will burn 500 calories, and you'll be having fun and learning cool dance stuff that the same time. plus, sarina is in one word: cool. she just makes you smile, she motivates without being cheesy, and she's just so enjoyable, plus its low impact and good cardio so it'll work you out without having you injure yourself...you want salsa, flamenco, and samba dancing? i've looked, and there are plenty of great discs out there for both instructional and workout purposes. ..want a total body workout? my main love in exercise land is tae bo, its fun, inspiring, challenging but doable, varied, and i lost 3 sizes allover in 4 months doing just tae bo 4 nights a week and doing atkins, which i might add is a great eating plan that works! ..i'm very dissapointed in this dvd, i'm sorry i bought it, and if i can i'm going to send it back and get my money back. my advice is bother to get the seperate dvd's for people who really know their stuff, this isnt worth the money no matter how cheap you get it. it has its good points, but not enough to redeem it.
disappointing.i have to say that i was disappointed with this dvd.  the variety of dance styles it shows is nice, but the bellydance and bollywood sections were awful.  i'm only giving it 2 stars because it is the only dvd i've found so far that even touches on the flamenco style, which i've become interested in lately
not worth buying.i guess this dvd is okay for learning some basic movements, but her technique is off.
an insult to all black men on its face - perfectly vile dvd.to answer another customer, yes unfortunately i did actually see the entire movie from hiidious beginning to its aweful end.  i do so totally wish i could sue the people who made how high to get back the moments of my life wasted watching this dreck!  thank goodness a friend of mine rented it instead of my having brought this trash...i might share a movie i loved with people to a point but watching this movie was like taking a late night stroll through solid matter seperation tanks of sewage treatment plant in the heat of a still humid sweltering summer evening, not an experience one wishes to relive or share with others.  generally i do not like druggie movies, but i have liked a few car wash, which way is up.  even cheech and chong has more entertainment value than this critter. oh i saw the all the black lackeys in the dvd including the harvard token and to that i say one drop of dignity will not put out an inferno of toady stupidity. i know humor when i see it i just wish this how high had even the least little bit of humor in it for me to see...i even like a good black exploitation movie like "i'm gonna get you sucka" which has no redeeming attributes but it was farce in weird and stupid way that did not suggest the kind of patently negative message how high touts...i often do not go into too much detail about a film because as bad as i might find something i won't be a spoiler.  my tastes in movies and books are generally not the mainstream which is cool by me.  even if i hate a movie i will respect the artist enough not to ruin a movie for those others who might like it.  where i come from not being a spoiler is just simple respect likely something not everyone can understand...this ranks as the most racially insulting vile stupid dvd i have ever seen.  the premise of the story is that black people (black men in this particular case.) are so lame loathesome and hopelessly dumb that they can not logically be considered worthy of advancing to harvard or other such ivy league colleges without the help of "magical dope".  i honestly suspect the only person needing and using magical drugs was the dope who wrote this dreck only to place this spawn of his profound never ended stupidity on dvd...i think less of this foolish dvd than i do those old racist movies that portrayed all black people as, "simple house boys" bowing and scraping their way through life with the sole goal of "pleasin da masta".  at least older racially debased films lay legitimate claim to being products of a largely ignorant social and intellectual neanderthal nation mired in institutional hate biogotry and oppression...what makes this dvd especially bad is the fact that this is the new face of bigoted negativity in our modern age where some hip hop lackey's gladly take money to create messages that oppress and sell out our own black children.  the suggestion that black people are by nature of birth \ genetics alone inferior is wrapped into the core message of this dvd's storyline.  to watch this dvd youo must buy into its supposition that black people need magic weed, dope or some other supernatural transcending experience to become the intellectual equals of those who attend ivy league colleges which is the very height of today's more furtive ignorant stupid mindless bigotry disguised as comedy...this dvd functions as a racist tool to rob black men of their dignity, inner strength and self worth by suggesting as truth the lie that we need "magic" to become the equals of those in this society who are afforded opportunities to acheive great things...tell all the dopes who made this racist dvd you are not buying into their bright new package of old tired racist lies preaching the hate filled gospel of supposed inheirent black inferiority by leaving this dvd trash on the shelf to rot.  please do not buy this racist dvd media tool that insults the dignity and intelligence of every black man that has and will ever live.  i pray every black white red yellow whatever your race are stronger and better than sinking low enough to buy this racist filth
fatally flawed.sure, this movie is a classic. but is it any good? frankly, i found it to be tedious in the extreme...it's certainly pleasant to look at. the sets are quite amazing, and the cinematography is absolutely beautiful...the story (as described in detail in many other reviews here) has potential as both a thriller and a thought-provoking essay (ultimately it is neither)...the acting is top notch, as are all of the special effects. those of us who cut our teeth using teletype machines always get a kick out of seeing them in all their anachronistic glory. in fact, all of the computer stuff is believable for the era and pleasantly nostalgic...but the whole thing never rises to its premise. its "thriller" aspect is artificial and not tied to the central plot line, and entirely predictable from the moment our friend is handed the only key that can stop the nuke! the resolution is an afterthought (a quick fix in the extreme), and barely even mentioned in about two lines of dialogue after the artificial danger is (narrowly, whew!) averted. the characters are thin at best, and stock at worst...this movie is really a slow survey of what people in the early 70s thought technology would be like in the mid 70s. yawn. (i must laugh at the whole bell/paper bit. it means nothing to the plot, and is the ultimate contrivance.)..if a deadly virus actually came back from space, there would certainly be action on many fronts, with plenty of interesting conflict to go around. some people would try to understand it, others would want only to kill it. there's some potentially interesting tension right there. some people would argue to keep the danger hidden from the public, others would want to warn them. again, that could have been a good source of tension. someone would surely have suspected that the military wanted to harness it as a biological weapon (mentioned in passing, but never developed), while others would try very hard to prevent that. more tension...i'm just saying that this movie is littered with missed opportunities for something more than the collection of boring experiments and pointlessly slow-moving scenes which it actually contains. this movie is the poster child for boring science fiction, and it would not have had to be that way...i haven't read the book, but i bet it's a lot better. at its core, this movie is a boring dud.
what were they thinking?.yeah - it's a bummer that they didn't include hearts of darkness, but putting redux and the original together was irresistable (although i much prefer the original)..i was enraged that some idiot decided to put half of each movie on 1 disc, instead of the original on one and redux on the other..all i can say is - wtf!!!.if you prefer to sit back to enjoy films in their entirety, do yourself a favor and don't buy the complete dossier. .it's such a shame too, the packaging was insanely cool
my advice, watch 'get shorty' instead.the problem with this film is i read the book.  i was disappointed simply because `be cool' is an obvious showcase for the musical talent.  the overly long dance sequence with john travolta and uma thurman is a prime example.  somewhere the bulk of the story was lost--and there are some very--very good characters appearing in the film that would've been more intersing if somebody would've said, "hey, don't forget the book!"  but being true to the original source is not hollywood's strong suit.  "be cool" provides some popular music, some known faces, but without john travolta, the movie would never have been made.  ..a few laughs are provided.  a couple ironic scenes show up, but there's too little to sustain a full-length feature.  basically, the project is a disservice to everyone involved.  some of the characters are so thin--face it--poor christina milian as linda moon, is reduced to being a voice that sways when she sings--a clich.  the rock does the best he can but again, `he's a gay bodyguard;' he's the  brunt of insulting jokes offered up by a raji, his boss [vince vaughn], who, in the book, is far more sinister--but in the film he's an idiot.  ..of course chili is chili. travolta does a very nice job, and chili's obviously the smartest guy in the room.  uma thruman's performance is, well, not funny--not serious, not intense--not much-- at best, she made me shrug.  i do like what harvey keitel did with nick carr, but there's just not enough, and all the negatives reflect completely on the director.  enough said there...my advice, watch `get shorty'again, or read `be cool.'
not worth watching.all "style" and no substance. even the dance number with john travolta  uma thurman was lackluster. and would cedric the "entertainer" please go away? i've never seen anything with him in it that was any good. i should have known just by his presence in the movie it was going to be a dud. i think christina milian's voice is good but not so great to make such a fuss over.
the second worst dinosaur movie.first off, special effects mean nothing compared to actual quality. but at least this is better than the abomination that was jaws...the only dinosaur movie i can think of that's worse than this is raptor, which consists of parts of the three carnosaur movies cut  pasted together...it has some redeeming feature in that ian malcom and john somedoy (i forget his last name... the guy who owns the park) were actually interesting characters. i guess steve speilberg finally realised that monster/animal attack movies only work when you have characters people are going to give a monkey's rear end about. unfortunately, the boring, stereotypical alan grant was the central character in this...if you want to watch a steven spielburg movie that's actually good, watch e.t. or something. or "the lost world: jurassic park" (even though recommending a sequel may seem lame, the sequel is a million times better than this)..if you want to see a dinosaur movie, then watch either the sequel to this movie, or arthur conan doyle's "the lost world". i would also recomend the 'carnosaur' movies but i think they're out of print...if you want to see a movie where sam neill plays an interesting chracter, watch 'in the mouth of madness' or 'triangle'..but definitely avoid this movie. the only reason i even own it is because it was sold in a box set with "the lost world: jurassic park
disappointed.the documentary is not free of biased opinions. obvious and politicized, does not say the all truth
claptrap.that which is original in this program is biased and untrue. that which is true is not original. this piece of environmental and liberal hyperventilation steals liberally from true scholarship, such as "rats, lice, and history" by hans zinsser. it makes obvious observations in such a self congratulatory style as to be nauseating. diamond's on camera mugging and fake shows of emotion are hideous. national geographic has sunk to new lows to screen this
the mothman travesty.three problems with this film:..1. pacing - the film's pacing doesn't vary.  it's very boring.  as a matter of fact, this wouldn't be a problem if the film were much more tense (e.g., "speed"), however this film lacks the high-action intensity to pull off such a slow expository speed.  ..2. effects - too many sequences of this film rely on color and light superimpositions, and there is an overabundance of high-speed imaging.  the scene changes that employ erratic barrages of images desensitize the viewer from the thrilling "horror" scenes.  furthermore, they fail to make enough sequential sense of the film's plot to really mean much to the film as a greater whole.  the upshot: the film relies too heavily on the art of editing, to the point where plot twists are no longer interesting.  ..3. triviality - the plot's conclusion quails in the face of the "so what?" question.  the viewer is left with a sense of, "i sat through the film for that?"  in light of points (1) and (2), this obnoxious bit is the icing on the cake.  ..don't waste your life...alon
truth or lies?.one star is evidently the required minimun. this documentory, in my opinion, distorts the facts and does so for policical purpose and personal agenda.  if you are looking for the truth, you won't find it here.  there are people who, by exploiting the ignorance and stupidity of other americans, spread mis-information for one or more reasons: for personal or political agenda, or both; and/or, in some cases, such action either aids or supports the enimes of our country. this is a prime example of the type of people who intelligent americans consider anti-american as evidenced by the nature of their words, acts, and reasoning. they have a right say their piece and present their documentary, regardless of their motive. caution: beware of those who intentionally spread misinformation as they have harmful ulterior motives! when a person, organization, or government wants to see america harmed and americans dead, i, being an american, consider their comments as a serious threat to americans, american interest and america's security. americans who doen't consider such declorations as a threat are either stupid/ignorant people or my enemy; there is no third option.
all the truth.in 1998 clinton said there were weapons of mass destruction..terrorist are americas greatest threat.  clinton swept the first bombing of wtc under the rug...the cia/intelligence failed the american people numnerous times.  america fights terrorist who  are the true infidels.  they will kill, behead, drag our bodies down streets every chance they can........americans, many are in total denial of how serious/evil terriorst in  iraq, iran, syria and other countries are. .it is amazing how americans can have such different views on our greatest enemies.   terrorist
fake "dog whisperer" - studious ignorance.cesar milan, the so-called 'dog whisperer', bases his training methods on a dog behavior model that is so out of date as to be archaic - from the dinosaur age. he teaches that dogs base all their behavior on their pack status, and that you need to use painful 'corrections' to convince them that you are alpha. this idea hasn't the slightest shred of evidence going for it. ..yes, dogs do have dominance roles, but that hasn't the slightest thing to do with problem behaviors. dogs do 'bad' doggy behaviors because they work. dog guards his food bowl? dog wants to keep food and knows that growling keeps you away. dog pulls on the leash? dog wants to get somewhere faster and knows that pulling speeds things up. the dog doesn't care whether or not you're alpha; he only cares that what he's doing works to get him what he wants. ..technically, cesar's methods work. but they use force, fear, and pain to teach the dog, when you can teach the same things faster with the proper positive motivation and non-forceful techniques. i have three hyper, active, highly driven border collies, and they're all very obedient and mannerly. they don't haul me around the leash, nor do they leap at guests, nor do they ignore me when i tell them something. and i don't need to be 'alpha' to get them that way; neither does anyone else. ..i strongly suggest that you don't buy this item. good books to start with are karen pryor's 'getting started: clicker training for dogs', melissa alexander's 'click for joy!' (also with a great problem solving section), and jean donaldson's 'the culture clash'. you can easily have a happy, obedient, well behaved dog without causing him fear and pain
the can be written for a democrat, or republican.for that matter it can be written for any party candidate that wants the truth of his/her dirty secrets covered up. i feel that it's the most insulting film to be released. it hides the fact that we as citizens, and our government don't really care about who we stick in office. if the party lines up with what we believe in screw the fact he had to cover something up. i can't fathom why we continue to fall for this all the time, and believe me i don't feel it's right to air it all over the news either. i feel that it comes down to the man, and if he does have the values his/her party believes in then he will do the honorable thing, and own up to his/her mistake. this movie is just another nail to drive into the justification that it's alright to cover things up, and there are no absolutes, or rights or wrongs. wht happens when we tick off the wrong person who's rich? do we wait until then to change the moral? that's pathetic, and so is this movie
waggy mcwaggster.man! this movie is soooooo boring. i literally slept through this movie. if i die not having watched it again ill be happy.   i dont even know what its about cuz i watched it when i was like 5 yrs. old, but i dont care cuz just thinkin bout it makes me wanna cr
i wish i could go lower than this..this is horrendous movie. i will never claim it as the movie of my generation. it's one of the many reasons why i absolutely hate the "80's". the others are:breakdancing, the yuppie lifestyle,power hungry businessmen/women, women with manly handshakes, new wave music, and junk movies like this. i know that the main character is nothing less than a manipulator who is only concerned about himself, and what he can get out of life. he ridicules his friend because he's sick, and doesn't feel like driving ferris around...especially in a ferrari that mysteriously gets lost in the parking garage, so what am i left to believe i have to wonder if this is where ice cube got the inspiration for "it was a good day". i don't care what decade it was, or what was cool back then, or now manipulating your friends is "not" i repeat"not" cool. i know with john and johnette q. public this is something of a sexual relase. i could picture private parts of men and women everywhere getting soaking wet from this movie, and i find it so repulsive that everyone out there finds this funny.
okay, so it's a "sopranos" wannabe, but it has its merits.yes, it's about "good fellas."  yes, it's peopled with alumni from the "sopranos" (weakly cracking wise).  and there are too many requisite bullets-to and through-the-head cinemagraphic moments.  the plot is pretty weak - the downloading of money from a satellite requires a great deal of imaginative assent - the development of the story is uneven, and the acting is transparently bad on not just a few occasions.  still, the actor-writer-director, provenzano, shows flashes and this would have been a very good end-of-college project for a cinema student.  (is that what it was?)..what you have to like about it is what he tries to do, not dislike what he doesn't do.  provenzano occasionally gives us - just now and again - the atmosphere of the ny-nj crime-world, but these are far, far better than any portrayed in the "sopranos."  the dedication to business, the rock bottom-line mentality, the utterly cold sides that appear inhuman, in short, the "other" side of the human coin are nicely revealed in some very chilling scenes.  uncle ordering the death of his nephew's friends before his eyes;  johnny irish bashing heads or killing; the torture scene:  to paraphrase tessio in "godfather i," "nothing personal, just business.")  (of course, it has been alleged that the members of the underworld carted away and sold much metal from the wtc towers in the immediate aftermath of 9-11. "just business.")  ..thus, there is none of that revolting soap opera component that is increasingly dominating the "sopranos" has become.  (indeed, the "sopranos" jumped the shark many moons ago.)  so try this one on for size.  sure, its production values are poor, some scenes are painful, you keep comparing to other mafia-movies.  but there are some hidden gems for those who look.  (yeah, i agree:  johnny irish was a good character.  the fbi guy, however, was agony to watch.)..two stars for effort and for promise.  serious cinema students should check out provenzano's next
what a bomber!!!!.there's nothing you can tell clearly about this movie, because from the very beginning to the end, i've just heard lota f words; f....this, f....that, typical stupid stereotyped mafia talks. and i swear to god when i watched this pathetic movie and thought that if mafia could be this stupid, and if they could just use that fxxx word in every sentence they talked, and if they thought that by using this fxxx word once they open their mouth to talk and used this f word to show their smartness and toughness, or if they thought by simply using this big f word and they could kill thy kingdom come, then america might not look like what we're seeing now. maybe the mafia could just use this big word to kill all the terrorists in the world, maybe they could just use it to solve all the problems and guess what? they're just using that word to kill each other. or is this just what hollywood think that all the mafia mob guys could walk the walk easier by simply using this big f word to talk the talk? i don't have any clue, man
name of this movie should have been  named  gee" zeera.when i bought movie thought i would see more than one arab biased anti american news media......
out! out! damn spot!.would that the bard himself had directed.  ian contorts and convolutes.  judi despises and denies.  the whole stage to television adaptation loses the gripping starkness of the theatrical intent.  brits being brits bringing the bard to the modern masses. how more cliche can it get?  in 1976 this may have seemed the definitive version, and lord knows it made mckellen and dench, but i still hold out hope against hope that an actor and actress will come forth and give this play the truly powerful pitch it deserves for the pallette of film
dench out of her depth.splendid actress judi, but she's no lady macbeth. judith anderson got it right! mckellen wanders about helplessly
horrible adaption of "macbeth".this has got to be one of the most horrible macbeth adaptions i've ever seen. first of all, there are no real sets. most of the time, the actors are performing in front of white and greyish backgrounds...this also seems to me like one of those shakespeare adaptions with well-known actors playing the lead roles who'd probably say, "we're playing these parts just because we can." i mean, their voices sound wonderful and very appropriate, but they don't really look the way you'd expect a medieval scottish king and queen to look. too modern in appearance. actually, some of the costumes in this performance seemed too modern...also-- i have to touch on this because he's my favorite character-- banquo in this production was absolutely horrible! he looked too old for the part (i imagine the actual character as being in his mid 30's to early 40's), and most of the time sounded dark and menacing, not at all like the innocent banquo from the play...another thing (which i knew was coming since most people producing prissy costume drama macbeths believe the theory that it is merely a hallucination) is that they cheated us out of seeing banquo's ghost! not that i really cared to see what it'd look like in this version, but still-- rrgh! what is it with the whole figment-of-macbeth's-guilty-conscience thing? it doesn't make sense, since the goings on in the play were supernatural enough to include a real ghost. but. . . i'm getting off-topic aren't i?..anyway, i would not recommend this version, as it is a perfect example of something i really, really dislike-- the stereotypical fancy overtly-dramatic shakespeare
sure the casting is good, but....the casting for this production could scarcely be better (of particular note is the harrowing performance of judi dench) and it's one of shakespeare's best plays. that said, this film of a production on stage doesn't quite carry the viewer's interest for the entire play. there are times when the actors seem downright pretentious; you feel as if they're tellings us, "we know how deep this is so appreciate it, please." that's too bad since "macbeth" is a work thriving with intense imagination with a few hallucinations thrown in so it should invite a great film. sadly, this relatively slow-moving production isn't it. there are, of course, wonderful moments with mackellan and particularly dench (no one plays the scene where lady macbeth goes crazy better than dame judi). i just don't know if that alone makes this a worthwhile purchase. for my money, kurosawa's "throne of blood" is a far better choice.
the dreamers.despite the mixed reviews the critics and other viewers may have given this movie, this is really pretty sick stuff, with little or no redeeming social context.  objectively, sick just isn't erotic, no matter how hard one may try to rationalize to make it so.  those who think differently really ought to either:  (a) focus a little more; (b) examine their true motives; or (c) get a life
going through the motions.jack is obviously not well. ginger's kit sounds like an 80's pop band and eric should just throw away that awful sounding strat..ok we can't have a replica i know..eric's choice of notes is just not as good as it used to be. he was way more adventurous back in the day..no more of the lyrical phrasing, the calm excitement and melodies under extreme pressure. all gone and replaced with just going through the motions..i hope jack and ginger make a buck out of it. they certainly deserve it...the music died the day clapton picked up a stratocaster. he never really bonded with it..anyway it looks like a lounge band playing covers. very polite and laidback and nothing new to say
the most biased movie i've watched in  long long time.whatever ills are in the world, it's all the fault of the corporations. that's the basic premise of this terribly misguided one-sided and totally non-objective movie. for example, instead of saying how terrible it is for companies paying people in the developing world peanuts for their work, they forget that these people's alternatives are even worse and that's why they took that job in the first place!  these jobs provide them with one of the few options they have and, if they chose that job freely, it must be their best option, no matter how crazy it seems to us. as people's skills rise, as opportunities increase over time (by having more corporations and not less, to create more competition for these people's labor), and as the country becomes wealthier, these people's wages will rise automaticaly and in fact, the wages of the whole country on the average.  there are no shortcuts to his.  a famous story comes from nepal where anti-child labor laws, at the urging of the un, turned thousands of kids overnight into prostitutes as those jobs, as sad as it may be, were their best options to avoid starvation and feed their families.  it's a slow process, but all the industrialized nations went through that process.  government-mandated "shortcuts" usually produce results which are even worse.  however, the results speak for themselves: in very short period of time, for example, hundrds of millions of people were lifted out of poverty in china, india and around the world thanks for the "evil" capalism  its corporations.  no other system has ever done it so quickly as in the past 15 years in china and india alone.  also, cost of living is very low there, so these pennies really can go a long way, don't measure it to the cost of living in the west.  what is the filmmakers alternative they offer for these people? i guess to let people starve to death, then the makers of this movie don't have have anyting to complain about!?  other examples of stupidity include showing that a company is like a person who's a psychopath.  a corpoartion is a legal entity yes, and may act like a separate "being" as far the law in concerned, but does a corporation have a nose, feet, stomach? can it eat apples or sneeze or have arthritis? of course, not, than how can you attach a human idea like a psychopath to it??  several of the main "spokepersons" in the movie, chomsky, michael moore, rifkin and others are renowned for their off-the-wall comments which frequently have no basis in any kind of economics or reality.  to correct the inaccuracies in the statements made by these and other people in the movie, you'd have to stop it every 5 minutes and explain to the audience how profoundly wrong the statements are.  throughout the whole movie, you're basically bombarded by one-sided arguments with very little of the other side presented, despite the director's claim of the opposite 9they claim 1/2  1/2, it's more like 80%-20%).  just look at chomsky's comments about how the consumers are so stupid, they don't realize that all the things they buy they don't really need. i mean we don't need fashionable clothes (hey, let's all dress as boring as chomsky!), dvd players, or any new gadgets that make life easier or more fun.  who is the judge of what you really need?  chomsky, of course. he is the final arbiter of what you really need or what you don't. you're too stupid to know what you want, according to him. he says that you should do "more important things", like...perhaps studying lingistics (which he teaches but which very few care about).  the movie does make some correct and good observations, especially regarding polution, however, i'd say that 80% of the movie is factually and logically flawed. it's also full of economic fallacies. it's worth watching i guess, just to see how many errors one can make in just 1 movie.  despite all the ranting in the movie, it fails to mention the biggest reason of most of the problems it brings up - too much governement interference is every facet of life.  for examples, how could a government of brazil forbit the people of collecting rain water! how could the u.s. government do so many things for private companies with public funds?  just forbid the governments from playing favorites with companies, forbid government corporate welfare of any kind, forbid subsidies to companies, cut the suffocating red tape and regulation (esp. in developing countries but in the west too), cut corporate taxes to 5 or 10% (and see unemployment rate go to almost nothing, give people all around the world a better life, increase competition, etc.)  if these and other governments (and not corporations') problems were eliminated, the vast majority of all the problems which the movie brings up will simply go away.  an interesing film for anyone to see how the truth can be twisted by mindless people with an agenda to go back to 15th century rural lifestile (spoken about with much admiration), people with no understanding about economics, how the world really works and how to really raise the billions out of poverty who this movie does the biggest disservice for.
doesn't go nearly far enough.this documentary reveals the shocking fact that companies, by law, have an obligation to their stockholders, rather than to society at large.  but this isn't the only case where 'people' by law are required to focus on only certain responsibilities.  what about doctors?  when a doctor treats you, by law that doctor is supposed to think only about what is best for you.  shouldn't she really also be thinking about whether others would be better off if you were out of the way?  shouldn't she give you an injection that would peacefully put you to sleep if she feels that society as a whole would be better off without you?  ..and what about accountants and lawyers?  every time an accountant handles someone's money, he should be legally obligated to consider whether it would benefit society to take half of the person's life savings and give it to charity.  it's wildly inappropriate for your accountant to be legally obligated to handle your money in your interests.  what about the greater good?  and your lawyer should never act mainly for you - each and every lawyer should be expected to consider everyone equally, rather than giving special emphasis to her own client...let's get serious - in order for a corporation to act in the interests of its stockholders, who are the last in line in case of bankruptcy, it must first meet all obligations to others, or else there will be nothing left for those stockholders waiting at the end of the line.  as an ongoing business, companies have reason to care about their reputations, about earning loyalty from their employees, etc.  yes, some companies have done bad things, just as some people have done bad things.  can every single person be condemned as a psychopath, simply because there are some examples of humans that were considered psychopaths?  ..corporations, like people, can do harmful, dangerous things.  there's no doubt that many of the problems documented here actually occurred.  but it is the reponsibility of government to regulate corporations, just as it regulates people.  ..the example of bolivia, where people were forbidden from collecting rainwater, is an example of the failure of government.  why would the government give such rights to anyone, even itself?  but when government regulation has been adequate, privatization of water and many other services has been hugely beneficial to the poor in most countries...demonizing corporations for faithfully managing the money invested in them is ridiculous.  corporations, and individuals, should be regulated by governments.  if outrages are not detected and punished, then government has failed.  but we shouldn't abolish government, or corporations, or people, simply because none are perfect.  we should 1) hold governments accountable for performing their role; 2) hold corporations accountable for legal violations (through fines, and through sending corporate executives to jail in extreme cases, as has happened many, many times); and 3) use public pressure and our own personal buying decisions to give corporations an incentive to make socially responsible decisions...if you really care about the poor around the world, then put the blame and the pressure where it belongs - on bad government
fellini's rome --- a commercial collection of stereotypes..there is a lot of traffic in rome. .especially on the "raccordo annulare", where accidents .are also frequent..the traffic is noisy and dirty, especially when it rains. .romans swear when they drive and also when they don't...there are many american tourists in rome, .especially around the fountains in the piazzas, .where they cluster and sing american songs. .italian men hit on women tourists, who resist their advances.  .."se vedi gente che lavora, allora non e` roma". .romans do not work..no, some of them do, and, in fact, morning till night. ..but rome is not what it used to be. .everybody knew each other and was polite, .while now everybody is rushed and rude. .besides, the free love of today has substituted .the brothels of yesterday. .yes, some of the brothels were chic, while others less so. ..rome was bombed in the second world war. in fact, .bombing would sometimes interrupt a theatrical .performance. the public then proceeded to the .shelter, where flirting and lovemaking would ensue. ..the roman aristocracy is close to the papal court. .they run parties together, even fashion shows. .cardinals complain that outsiders try to teach the pope .how to rule the church. ..and, yes! motoryclists can and do go around the .colosseum, providing a tasteless final sequence. ..one leaves the cinema with a heavy sense of wasted time. ..does fellini really have nothing at all to say .about the eternal city? after all his years there?.nothing except the .standard collection of stereotypes .about italians, stereotypes that occur in every .scurrilous joke, that are met on the pages of every trashy guide?  ..it is true that there are a few nice sequences, especially .the often mentioned one of the destruction of the frescoes.  ..and then, the great anna magnani appears for about 10 seconds to tell fellini she won't talk to him. . .that is perhaps also a scene worth watching. ..but the rest is commercial cinema. .."vai a dormi', federico".
if you loved terms of endearment, never watch this film.i adore terms of endearment, it's a movie that time and time again has never failed to touch my heart and make my cry. i have known about "the evening star" for a long time, but i just got around to seeing it for the first time. ..while it was fortunate that shirley maclaine reprised her role as aurora, the film didn't have the same chemistry that made terms of endearment such a memorable and much loved film. the cast was just off, with nobody except for marion ross delivering a much appreciated and genuine performance.  ..aurora returns in the evening star as a woman who has been weakened, and instead of seeing her as she was (and as she was loved) we see her adapt to the lives of her loser grandchildren with little contest. it's not the same aurora from the first film. the aurora we see in evening star doesn't have the same essence of "houston class", the same sharp wit, and overall she is a different woman than the aurora you grew used to in terms of endearment.  ..watching this movie was painful, just because it was so predictable and, well, it was just lacking that soul that made the first film so special. this movie was put together so poorly, and it really shows. emotional scenes are poorly done, because whomever wrote the screenplay really tried to make everything over-the-top, so when there was a crisis, it became an emotional spectacle with the entire cast instead of an intimate and thoughtful event between certain characters. when tragedy would strike, you'd have a room full of characters you don't care about dilluting the scene and creating a disconnect in the moment.     ..i give the film 1 star and that is only because we get a moment of time with jack nicholson, marion ross did a good job, and shirley maclaine came back to do her very best under the circumstances. these people are the only minute saving factor in this entire upset of a film. ..honestly though, if you really love terms of endearment, you may find yourself let down by the evening star. i personally wish that i hadn't of watched it and allowed for the story to end with the first film. overall, i advise, if you loved terms of endearment never watch this film.
silkwood + norma rae go to minnesota.north country has a few things going for it and plenty against it. the magnificent photography and gritty settings give a rare view to the forboding iron range in northern minnesota and the script and performaces by major-league talent have the best of intentions. unfortunately, the sum of this film is less than its parts. the storyline is simply too familiar and cliched - even the run-down town and factory settings smack of "silkwood." the backstories of spousal abuse, family dysfunction, and (gasp) lou gehrig's disease are right out of a "lifetime" movie.so are the "dramatized" scenes of a labor meeting and the tepid courtroom confrontations.  the perfomances are mixed: while harrelson walks thru his role with one eye on his paycheck, theron - "uglied up" yet again - has her eye on oscar. she scored an undeserved nomination for this role as she fails to convince on all fronts.   the best performances come from supporting players: mcdormand is excellent as the ironically named glory who is beaten down the the union and by life. spacek is equally effective as theron's mother (she played a similar role in "marie" in 1985). overall worth watching for the scenery and supporting cast
good intentions, plodding drama.**1/2..if "north country" didn't say that it was set in 1989, you'd never believe it based on the attitudes and behavior of its male characters, which can only be classified as "neanderthal" (though that might be an insult to neanderthals).  and, indeed, you would be right not to believe it, for the events on which the film is based actually began in 1975, a full decade and a half before the time of the movie.   the drama seems to have been moved forward in time to accommodate footage of the clarence thomas senate hearings of 1991 - images that play continually in the background as some sort of running commentary on the foreground action of the movie.  it's a sleight-of-hand maneuver that doesn't do much to enhance the verisimilitude of the movie...with charlize theron once again ugly-ing herself up for great drama, "north country" tells the true but highly fictionalized story of lois jensen (here referred to as josie aimes), a battered welfare mother with two children who takes a job in a northern minnesota steel mine, only to find it to be a veritable hell hole of unbridled misogyny and sexual harassment.  here are guys who are so chauvinistic in their view and treatment of women that they make henry higgins look like alan alda in comparison.  when she attempts to take a stand against the outrages perpetrated against her and the other women there, aimes finds little support from either the bigwigs at the plant, the unenlightened townsfolk, or even her own female co-workers who have been terrorized into silence in order to keep their jobs.  eventually, she manages to file a class action lawsuit against the mine (in 1988, actually, a full three years before the clarence thomas/anita hill spectacle), resulting in a landmark decision for sexual harassment laws around the country...there is no doubt that the issue of gender equity in the workplace is a serious and important one, but "north country" feels strangely out-of-date and lacking in vitality in an age in which sexual harassment laws have become common place in the business world (yes, i realize that this film is showing us how such laws eventually came to be, but that still doesn`t make it a fresh topic for a contemporary movie).  moreover, "north country" can't quite shake that air of stultifying self-importance that too often infuses dramas dealing with serious social issues.  as a result, the film is often plodding in its pacing and obvious in its theme, with the characters falling a bit too neatly into hero, villain and victim molds with very little shading in between.   despite its good intentions and its being based on a true story, the film is riddled with push button feel-good moments and implausible instant conversions - and damned if the whole thing doesn't have the look and feel of a lifetime original movie, just with higher priced stars in its cast (frances mcdormand, woody harrelson, sissy spacek, and richard jenkins, the dead father from "six feet under").  and while the acting is decent, the suffocating nature of the drama inhibits most of the performers from breaking out and really having a go at their characters...perhaps it's just that after movies like  "norma rae," "silkwood," and "erin brockovich," which could really make one care about the people and the issues they raised, "north country" comes up a day late and a dollar short in the i-am-woman-hear-me-roar department.
put me straight to sleep......unless you enjoy lots of meaningless violence, this movie is a total bore.  three guys and a pregnant courtney love rob a bank, and escape to a western town.  there is a lot of shooting and a lot of people die.  and that is pretty much the depth of the plotline.  a few funny lines in there, but definately not enough to be considered a comedy.  you know it's a bad movie when an hour's gone by and you're still waiting for the point.  don't waste your money on this one
alex cox has been eaten by an alien."straight to hell" is a complete waste of money. the only reason i continued to watch... was to see how dennis hopper and grace jones could possibly elevate the film, but even their brief and unsatisfying appearances could not resuscitate this dead dog..
starts out promising, but ultimately fails to deliver much. bummer..this film is forgotten amongst 1950's pseudo-intellectual sci-fi movies for good reason: it fails to deliver any type of philosophical moral to the story, (as the few, best of the 1950's fantasy/sci-fi films did), and the monster scenes are way too brief (as most 1950's monster movies at least got that much right)! this island earth is a two-time loser in my opinion...it starts out very promising and good, but by the middle of the film all you have seen in the way of "monsters" are people with large foreheads. they finally get to the monster part of the movie in the last 10 minutes, but it is way too little, too late, to be worthwhile. there is also no redeeming sci-fi moral to the story, ala' the day the earth stood still. ..the brief monster sighting at the end could have been much better. they have a great looking monster costume, which looks to have been a major influence on the very famous mars attacks! trading cards classic series, but this island earth does very little with the only cool-looking monster in the film...one interesting role is played by the future professor on gilligan's island, which is probably the most memorable movie trivia item of this film...this dvd was a waste of time and money, in my opinion. stay away
quite possibly my least favorite film of all time..no truth to any of it.  sickeningly manipulative.  pure trite hollywood garbage.  i never write negative reviews but shame on these people.  the only laugh i got was at the film's expense during the horrendous now notorious butterfly scene.  a complete insult to the intelligence of the american filmgoer (or any other nation for that matter).
very, very blue.sorry, i'm more of an action viewer. it broke my heart to hear the gettysburg address and not see any of the battle. the series teases you by placing the setting in gettysburg, yet no emphasis was place on one of the most historic battles in american history. stick to ted turner's "gettysburg" if you like action
the guys can't act.i'm not a professional critic or one that watches many movies.  i just love 80's movies and since this movie had good reviews, i had to watch it.  i was so dissapointed with the nerd and the rebel's bad acting in the movie; it was just horrible!  i like the storyline and the soundtrack, but the acting really ruined everything.  if you just want to watch it to see some skin and not for good quality acting, then this is your movie
gotta be there.i love this show. it is very entertaining, informative and "gotta be there". i have 1-5 seasons now and enjoy going back and watching them again and again
gone in 60 seconds.unfortunately i have not seen the movie.  i ordered the wrong version.  i wanted the one with nicolas cage
brang, brang...they shot it down."brangelina" shooting big guns at each other didn't do it for me, no matter how beautiful they (the stars or the guns) are.  my wife said it reminded her of "the war of the roses" with michael douglas and kathleen turner, which i enjoyed.  other than the very basic premise of hubby and wife trying to kill each other, i couldn't see much in common between that clever and entertaining film and this very predictable star and firepower vehicle.  maybe it was intended as a date movie for dual markets--big guns for the guys and tabloid stars for the girls.  it's appeal escaped me
if i could i would rate it minus 1 star.i was trying to watch this film to the end, but i almost could not do it. the biggest problem with this film that there is no original story line, absolutely "0" chemistry between brad and angelina, acting talent also equals to zero.  cheap all the way through, don`t waste your time. it`s a pitty brangelina got paid for making this film... i should have got paid for watching it. don`t fall for old hollywood tricks. make up your own mind... and rent another movie
how do i love thee?  let me count the bulletholes. . ..ah, true love.  dinner by candlelight.  holding hands in the moonlight.  snapping a new clip on your glock while your significant other sprays you with semi-automatic love missiles...i appreciate a dark comedy as much as the next curmudgeon, yet mr.  mrs. smith annoys more than it entertains.  true, there is a predictable plot about a beautiful couple stuck in a rut--a couple who, unbeknownst to one another, are professional assassins (just try to stop that suspension of disbelief train).  add to that the erotic chemistry between brad and angelina; my eyebrows are still singed after watching them.  but all the sexiness and over-the-top, lamebrained action fail to overcome the annoyance of pitt's detached smirk and jolie's constant flirtation with wackiness.  as the fighting (boy, is there fighting) escalates, i was suddenly asking myself, "wouldn't it be great if they popped each other off?"..maybe in the sequel...while we're at it, would someone please feed angelina a steak, mashed potatos. . .something?  nothing wrong with being slim 'n trim, but come on, lose the east africa look.  in the long run, mr.  mrs. smith's biggest problem was the fact vince vaughn didn't appear enough.  at least he gets paid to be annoying..--d. mikel
bad version of 'prizzi's honor'.this movie is so bad that i simply couldn't finish it. why this movie would be remade to renew the old 'prizzi's honor' is beyond my wits. this movie was just dumb and childish. totally ridiculous and shallow
putrid.the plot is so contrived and the acting is just so bad.  my copy is in a landfill somewhere, right on top of al pacino's career
buyer beware.contrary to the "format" information in the "product details" section, this dvd ("...and justice for all") does not include a letterbox or widescreen (1.85:1) presentation.  only the pan  scan (1.33:1) presentation is included.  i know this because i purchased the item based on this information, only to find this out upon inspection and playing of the dvd
quite horrible.this is the most horrible documentary i've ever watched. the narrator's tone is dreadful (sounds as if the dvd were made for children) and the re-enactments are torturous. there are some high points, snips of interviews from johnny and others, but there is very little performance, beyond what i assume would be "fair use." further, this dvd really doesn't add anything, nor does it shed any new light on johnny cash. the ae biography dvd is far more enriching...edit: i feel i really need to protect people from this product. first, many of the interviews are found on other products. second, the packaging is painfully misleading. it suggests it has never-released concert footage of the nixon concert. i couldn't find it apart from a few seconds of footage. third, it's just plain boring. i've read the biographies, i'm not looking for a feel-good documentary, but i'm also not looking for a get-bored documentary. if you're just going to repeat what others have said, what's the point. if i could give it zero stars, i would
exit....stage left - supremely dissappointing.i guess i should have read the reviews first, and rented this from netflix....instead of getting excited over the dvds and buying it!!!!!!!.no one wants to hear anyone talk during the songs!!!!!.and everyone wants to see the entire song - not sound clips..not a good way to sell to fans!!!!!!!!.extremely dissappointing.
very poor quality dvd.love the movie, but the quality of the dvd put out by alpha video was so bad it was very difficult to watch. the sound was scratchy and muffled and the picture looked as if the brightness was turned all the way up. if you don't want to be disappointed and feel like you've been ripped off, wait for the remastered cut before you buy this one
wonderful film but poor dvd quality.i bought the dvd with this artwork out of a dollar bin and i got what i paid for. the image is fuzzy and the audio is of poor quality. this must have been taken from a 16mm print. it may be that this film is in public domain, so it may be difficult to find a decent quality dvd. there are many issues of this film so you would do better to try one of the other dvd issues. note: amazon seems to spread these reviews across dvds of the same title, so you may see this review under multiple dvd releases of "meet john doe".  the poor quality dvd that i bought has a cover that looked like this: [...
meet john doe.i purchased this dvd a while ago - fyi - a documentary of the anaconda was in the case and not the movie.  i went to the web site to complain and my profile could not be found.  here, years later, when i'm finally placing another through amazon they found my account and noted that i purchased meet john doe.  i guess it's a little late to complain now
i was disappointed.....i've been a fan of bruce campbell for a long time, ever since seeing army of darkness and brisco county jr. actually. in the early nineties bruce campbell burst on to the scene with an original and fresh personae that was side-clutching, rolling on the floor hilarious at times. i remember being devastated when they stopped producing brisco county, and then so excited when they announced jack of all trades. i didn't get to see the jack series though as it wasn't carried in my area. i decided to rectify that last month and order the series as a kind of an early christmas present to myself. unfortunately i was sorely disappointed. i am not sure whether i would have found this series funny or entertaining a dozen years ago when it was released, but after watching the first two episodes i just didn't care to watch any more of them. i felt that the half hour format didn't permit any real character development or permit them to write any really interesting plots to build on the wild, wild west promise of the show. or maybe it is just that i am older and my tastes have changed. but, for whatever reason, the show did not grab me at all and i don't see myself wasting any more time watching additional episodes. i love watching bruce campbell, but the magic of brisco county, jr. just didn't seem to be present in this series. if you are a real bruce campbell fan though you might go ahead and give this a try. just because it fell flat for me doesn't mean it will for you. i think bruce campbell is a one-of-a-kind and maybe i just hit this on a bad day. long live bruce
disappointing remake.this movie, based on the thomas harris book, is a remake of the movie 'manhunter.' the story leads up to the events of the popular silence of the lambs film. red dragon was remade because the studio wanted to cash in on the surprising popularity of hanibal lecter. unfortunately the supply of thomas harris books was exhausted. so they revisited and retitled this prequel to the silence of the lambs. in thomas harris's book and the original manhunter dr. lecter was an intriguing support character only. but now hollywood has discovered that hannibal's character brings in moviergoers so they take every opportunity in red dragon to add or lenghten scenes with dr. lecter and put him center stage. ..the original manhunter was a fine film directed by michael mann. it featured brian cox (bourne identity) as dr. lecter and william peterson (csi) as special agent graham. this movie is lacking in all aspects to the original (and to the book). while anthony hopkins's portrayal is as good as mr. cox's edward norton is clearly out of his depth. he is unable to convey the complex emotional trauma that agent graham experiences when he assimilates the mindset of a sadistic killer who wipes out entire families. performances by harvey keitel and ralph fiennes are also wasted here. my advice-buy or rent the original.
why red dragon does not compare to silence of the lambs.mccully 1..adam mccully							                                                                                                       ..instructor lee hobbs..engl 101.025..18 november 2005..red dragon..	when i heard that universal studios was making a prequel to silence of the lambs, i'll admit that i was a little skeptical.  throughout movie history there has been a long list of bad sequels which, more or less, is what this prequel was.  caddyshack ii, godfather iii, and bill and ted's bogus journey, all horrible follow ups to great films.  so naturally i was a little worried that the film red dragon was going to be just another flop that followed a great film.  any movie that follows a great film like silence of the lambs has a lot to live up to.  personally, i thought that the first sequel to silence of the lambs,  hannibal, didn't quite achieve that, and neither did red dragon.  it was a decent movie, but not quite as shocking and suspenseful as the first.  don't get me wrong it did have its share of shock value, but since it didn't come first i had already come to expect that.  i thought that the writers would take the time and effort to make sure that this film was as good if not better than the first two films, but clearly their work shows otherwise..	 all in all, this movie disappointed me for several reasons.  as i mentioned before, the lack of violence and shock that were so prevalent in the first movie and that i, as a fan of the films, had come to expect.  but mostly, it was the fact that this movie was nothing more than a film that was made in the eighties with a different title and better actors.  i've never been a fan of remakes and this film was certainly no exception.
harry potter: and the sorcerors stone.=+= opening statements =+= ..harry potter:and the sorcerors stone, takes after the book by j.k. rowling. the book was excelent, the movie was not. ..=+= plot =+= ..this movie, as do the books, take after the life of harry potter, a wizard that lives with his aunt and uncle along with with his cousin dudley. ok, they got that part right...but they keep on keepinbg out key sceans. like the part when snape refs harry's quiditch game. and, the parts that they did keep in were pretty poorly done. many parts had a lot of attemps at comedy, but they did not succed. also, the animation was terrible. play station 1 graphics were better then that! but, they did keep on the plot pretty good so.. ..plot score: 2-5 ..=+= cast =+= ..let me start out by saying, that the actors that are showing their true colors now, were terrible back then. danaile radcliff plays harry, poorly at that. he is awsome today...but terrible in the first one. same with emma watson and rupurt grint, awsome actors/actress now, terrible back then. richard harris did an awsome job (as usual) in his role as dumbledore. also allen rickman as snape did awsome. not sure if it was the writing, or just their acting skills, but the acting did poorly, except richard harris and allen rickman, so.. ..casting score:1-5 ..=+= music =+= ..john williams was very famous for his music in such films as star wars, saving private ryan, and war of the worlds, came back to do harry potter, and boy did he deliver. the music in this movie was very well done. the theme was very good, and also he made the music as it went along with the movie so... ..music:5-5 ..=+= closing statements =+= ..harry potter: and the sorcerors stone, a poor movie off of a perfect book. is that what j.k. rowling gets for all her hard work in making the books? i was really board in this movie and i had thought that reading words from pages was a lot funner, then looking at images on a screan. though some actors were good, and the music was excelent, you cant just live off of those two things. ..final score: 2-5 ...btw..justthinkin is me..i needed a new accoun
jack without his usual bag of tricks.jack nicholson in this shameless attempt at comedy plays a dog trainer of all professions who gets involved with an oprea singer who is caught up in the underworld of crime. critcally embarssing to nicohlson's carrer but jack has done much better to cover this mistake. a minor film with good talent gone to waste, a film way below par considering the re-teaming of director bob rafelson amp; nicholson from quot;five easy piecesquot
not my favortie.i love the walk away the pounds series but this one has to be my list favorite.  it's hard to follow and it just seems sparatic to me
beware the fog...literally.."the fog" is a fairly typical representative of a john carpenter movie. it certainly has its moments, yet it leaves the viewer with an unmistakable feeling of "what might have been." in this sense it reminds me a bit of michael mann's 1985 version of f. paul wilson's "the keep", another fascinating yet flawed horror movie which i watch over and over again in the vain hopes of discovering that it is actually good. ..stripped to the bone, "the fog" is the story of a small new england fishing town which is about to celebrate its centennial (or bicentennial....or anniversary of some type). on the eve of this occasion the local priest, a drunken sot played by hal holbrook, discovers that the town - like all horror movie small towns - has a terrible secret linked to its founding. this discovery coincides with the appearance of a nasty fog off the coast which tends to leave dead people in its wake, and is moving towards the town. various characters in the town, including a local beer-guzzler (tom atkins) a nubile hitch-hiker (jamie lee curtis) a radio deejay (adrienne barbeau) and so on, are all isolated by the fog and soon discover what is inside it, and how it is related to the "terrible secret", an old sin for which the modern-day townsfolk mist pay. ..as you can see, while the idea is not exactly new it is pretty cool, and when i popped "the fog" into my ancient dvd player recently i did so after a hiatus of many years, with the hope that my earlier judgement on the film was wrong. in this i was disappointed. like "the keep", "the fog" never gets any better; unlike "the keep" it actually gets worse. ..on paper this should not have happened. besides carpenter, who was coming off well-received efforts like "assault on precinct 13" and "halloween" there is an impressive cast of actors which actually reunites a good bit of the original "halloween" crew. besides carptenter and jamie lee curtis, there is also the girl who played annie (michael's first onscreen victim), as well as the guy who played the sheriff in both h and h-2. replacing the ubiquitous donald pleasance is hal halbrook, and the venerable john houseman makes an appearance in the film's opening as a creepy, storytellin' sea captain. even janet leigh is involved, as the bitchy yet rather likable wife of a fog victim. ironically, tis is part of the film's problem, and it has many...first off, there are far too many characters. the film is cluttered with them and for some reason carpenter disobeyed the standard horror movie order of whittling them down as the film progresses. most of the victims are throwaways in no way integral to the plot, and nearly everybody introduced at the beginning is still walking around at the end. we needed more killings, not less...second, the performances. this movie has good actors, but the dialogue is at best inconsistent and at worst embarrassingly stupid. the worst of it is ladeled onto adrienne barbeau, who gets to repeat idiocies like, "my son is trapped! trapped by the fog!" and "look out, into the darkness....and beware of the fog!" gag...third, the villain(s). carptenter achieved some neatly creepy atmosphere at the beginning of the film, but he never delivers on it: there is no real payoff. this is because he couldn't seem to decide whether it was the fog itself or what was in the fog was the actual "baddie" of the film. the result is that no one antagonist ever really emerges. "the fog" might as well be a run o' the mill flood - faceless and impersonal...the movie does have its moments -- the creepy opening, the moments of atmospheric horror at sea, and the excellent cinematography, which is used to particular effect on the creepy fog-dwellers. but in the end these fail to outweigh the movie's many flaws...as of today, i still regard carptenter as the most wildly inconsistent director out there. on the one hand he gave us p-13, halloween, escape from new york, and the thing, all classics (cult or otherwise). on the other hand he also gave us crap like prince of darkness and the unwatchable ghosts of mars. in between there are the fun but flawed outings like they live and in the mouth of madness. i would like to say that the fog falls in this last category, but i really can't. it just isn't very good, and that's the sad fact of it. bottom line? beware the fog.
one of the best of all time but poor quality dvd.most people can't get enough of this movie. i even own it on laserdisc. when i saw that there was a 20th anniversary edition availible on dvd, i had to have it..i am sorely disappointed in the video transfer quality. it lookslike there was just a transfer from vhs to dvd. there doesn't seem to be any attempt to remaster the video and clear it up or improve the audio quality. i recently saw it on hdnet movies and thought it looked much better...do buy this movie because it is an all time classic..don't buy this movie if you think that the 20th anniversary edition is going to get you anything better
ruined by implausibility and lack of answers.unlike most people here, i very much enjoyed season 3. it had a compelling story line and numerous villains who were played superbly. i don't understand all the season 3 hate, but apparently it's mostly to do with people being angry that syd and vaughan weren't together, and having to pay attention across multiple weeks...season 3 ended with syd finding a top secret file about her, dated 1976. jack walks in to find a sobbing syd, telling her that she was never meant to find that file. reasonable people would assume that the file contains something momentous about syd's life. instead, season 4 tells us that a top secret file about sydnew bristow, dated 1976, was instead about the very recent killing of irina derevko. huh? someone needs to teach the cia how to properly title and date files. that is the first of numerous disappointments in season 4, and i suppose it's good that they get such a stinker out of the way early so that you don't get any more hopes up...the credibility of the series is ruined when the writers place super-villian arvin sloane in charge of a black-ops cia unit. i mean seriously, when is the cia just going to shoot this guy in the face and get it over with? is this the 3rd of 4th time the u.s. government places sloane in some great position of power after it's revealed that he's a terrorist of the highest order? i don't know, i've lost track...worse than the sheer stupidity of the u.s. government placing sloane in charge is the reaction of all the key characters of the show. remember how sloane blew up dixon's wife? well dixon is all smiles as he willingly subjugates himself to his new boss sloane. it's the same with all the characters, and in one fell swoop it destroys the entire credibility of the series.
better off with seasons 1-3.without a doubt the season had some pivotal moments. but too few and far between and without a clear story arc for sydney. the return of ms. lena olin gave it a shot in the arm, but too little too late. dull villains and dispensing with the cliffhangers were major mistakes that effectively rendered the show toothless. a relentless snorefest considering the brilliance of previous seasons
worst season ever.this season crearly shows that j.j. abrams is commited to something else (lost?). that zombie thing in the final chapters must be a bad joke. the killer robot helicopter chapter was nonsense...i'm very disappointed with the whole season
hamlet without a hamlet.that sounds cruel, but it's true -- even without memories of audrey hepburn. harrison ford is not as weirdly sinister as the miscast humphrey bogart was, and greg kinnear and nancy marchand are delightful. but pollack's direction takes its cue from a twinkly score that sounds at times like satie, more often like "sophistication" being spooned by mr. rogers. as bogie would say, skip it.
interesting as an intellectual exercise, less so as a drama.**1/2.."free radicals" is a stark, slow-moving meditation on the randomness of life.  matching style to theme, this austrian film relates a half dozen or so barely connected stories, all of which deal with the part fate and luck play in determining the direction of our lives.  in some cases, the characters are the victims of accidents or illness, while in others they becomes prisoners of their own needs and desires.  in all the cases, however, the characters live a drab, loveless existence, filled with unfulfilled dreams and loneliness...although the film begins with an interesting premise, the overall effect is so off-putting and depressing that we really can't enjoy the movie on anything but the most purely intellectual level.  the people here just seem so miserable and unhappy that we want to get away from them as quickly as possible and head back to our own lives, imperfect though they might be.  perhaps by including so many characters, the film dilutes its focus, making it hard for us to fully identify with any one person and make us care about his or her fate.  despite good acting, this crazy quilt approach turns the movie into more of a clinical exercise than a deeper involving human drama, and lends it an air of greater pretentiousness than it might otherwise have had.  ..enter the world of "free radicals" if you must, but you might want to take some prozac along with you to help get you through it
the horror of hypocrity.i really didn't enjoy the movie, but  i had to finish it.  the hypocrisy of faith and her sidekicks mirrored so many of the so-called fundamentalist that i know, but the ignorance and hopelessness of the others were terrifying.  .this movie presented a very perverted view of christianity.  though there was alot of talking about jesus and saying his name, it was clear that no one in the entire movie actually knew him and spent time with him.  when mary gets a revelation from something she believes is christ that opposed the actual word of god, she finds someone who is crazier than the average nut to confirm her decision.  christ does not tell anyone to do things that goes against his word.  no one actually reads a bible in the movie.  consequently, most made many life-damaging decisions.  .i hated the "reality" of the movie, but it has challenged me to actually spend time with christ and learn about him. i shudder to think that i could live long enough to present such a twisted veiw of what christianity truly is.
someone should have 'saved' me from buying this....bought this dvd for only 10 dollars at a not-so-local shopping centre, only because they didn't have this movie to rent at the video shop. .after so much publicity, trailers, ads on busses, you'd think this would be one of the funniest and coolest movies around. .however. i nearly fell asleep in it. had to turn away more than a few times in boredom. and cliched to infinity, just watch the ending. .pathetic and predictable. if you like predictable movies? this dvd will be your new best friend. if not? try something with a bit more imagination
lost.before i saw this movie i was warned that is was anti-christian and that the writers of the screenplay didn't have a clue as to what following christ is really all about.  after seeing the movie i am convinced of the latter but only somewhat of the former.. .mandy moore does a great job playing a legalistic, "church-lady" type named hilary,  who goes beyond "witnessing" in her attempts at converting others by using crisis intervention tactics--like blocking the hallways with her and her friends, or attempting to kidnap the subject and throwing him/her into their van for treatment.  for hilary, christianity is all about behavior modification.  she lacks heart winds up with bitterness.  her only hope at the end comes from her wheelchair bound brother, a nonbeliever, who offers to help her with her problems.  one can only assume that rather than correcting her misperceptions of jesus, he will instead try to deprogram her of her faith.. .hilary's nemesis, who she constantly tries to convert, is cassandra, played by eva amurri.  cassandra, a jewish girl determined not to convert, brings to mind matthew 13:19.  she has heard the word and "understandeth it not" as a person who received the "seed" by the wayside.  she becomes a hero in the end for having a big heart, though she still chooses the earthly path rather than the spiritual one, thinking she only needs to rely on herself.. .mary, played wonderfully by jena malone for her innocence, seems to turn against god a bit too easily when in trouble (see matthew 13:21).  blaming god when it was she who forgot to bring protection along seems very shortsighted for a girl with such strong willed faith.  but many young christians do feel persecuted when they don't get what they pray for, a sign of spiritual immaturity.. .the problem with this movie is that no one has spiritual maturity, including the writers of the screenplay.  even the most sinful pastor will answer "yes" when asked by a young gay teenager, banned from prom night, if jesus still loves him.  this one doesn't know what to say.  there are no answers given to the audience of this film, most of whom are young people looking for answers.  so i will give a short one here.. .saint augustine said something that at first sounds irresponsible when not fully understood.  he said "love god, and then do as you please."  what he meant is that when we really love jesus intensely for who he is and what he sacrificed for us, our hearts will change.  sinful behavior we used to commit no longer has the same appeal to us as before.  being obedient to god brings us pleasure when we have true love and devotion to christ.  we are still sinners but no longer by desire--not perfect but forgiven.  would it have been so difficult to include just one character at a christian school who mentions this?  the difficulty lies in finding screenwriters in hollywood who have a clue about it.  don't get me wrong.  all of the characters in this movie were essential!  but they forgot the most essential of all
typical hollywood anti-christianity.i'm sure such a movie would be approached with much hostility if some other group or religion would be the laughing target.  to imply that christians are typically mean and narrow-minded is pure racism;this is just as evil as implying that all jews are rich or that all african-americans have rhythem.  what has jesus himself done to warrant such christian-bashing out of hollywood?  the man has suffered enough on the cross; leave him alone
the story of rubin carter, according to rubin carter.the first thing you should know about the hurricane is that it was based on two books, one of which (the sixteenth round) was written by rubin carter...the second thing you should know is that rubin carter is not a man of exemplary honesty...the third thing you should know is that the other book (lazarus and the hurricane) on which this movie was based was written by two of the canadians who bought into carter's hokum, as have so many after them...i will not go into a point-by-point list of the patently false claims that carter makes in his book, since other posters here have already done a good job of that. instead, i'd like to offer some reactions to those here who have given this movie glowing reviews. these are divided into three groups...the first is composed of those who did not know they were taken for a ride. if you belong in this group, i do not fault you. hollywood has a way of perpetrating some very repugnant deceptions on the unsuspecting public. but let me ask you this: if you were presented with hard evidence that this movie is just one big lie put forward by the title "hero," would you still rate it highly?..if your answer is "yes," then you belong in the second group, those who gave this movie a thumbs-up on the basis of its being a powerfully moving drama, and never mind the glaring factual inaccuracies. to this group, i have this to say: if a filmmaker wants to present a true-life story, he has a responsibility to see to it that he has his facts right. it's called integrity, and it means placing truthfulness far above profitability. you say this is a dramatization and not a documentary? well, even a dramatization should be done with some integrity. i can go along with some minor embellishments here and there, but when a movie is based on a series of disgustingly blatant lies and tries to pass itself off as a true story, that, in my book, is unforgivable. and so what if it was a rival studio that went out of its way to expose this movie's dishonesty? vested interest does not render their arguments invalid...finally, to the third group, those who actually believe that carter is in fact a martyr-scholar, i ask you to please open your eyes. there is absolutely no documentation to support carter's claims that he defended his friend from a pedophile, that he was a civil rights activist, that he was robbed of a crucial ring victory, and so many other proclamations aimed at propping up his hero image. on the other hand, there are reams of documents that present virtually irrefutable evidence that these very proclamations are a product of one man's delusional fantasies. you say that cal deal, the man behind graphicwitness.com, is a racist? please visit graphicwitness.com /carter/racism.html. also, know this: deal went into the rubin carter case actually believing that carter was innocent. it took just one interview for deal to see the many glaring inconsistencies in carter's statements. he went on to uncover numerous documents and testimonies that exposed carter as a liar...many accounts today have it that carter is a changed man. i sincerely hope this is a real change, and not just a show. but whatever the case, the fact remains that he owes it to the public to admit that his book and this movie are just a lot of hogwash. ..i'm not counting on that, though
mediocre, like dyer himself.i bought this book last year and read the first few chapters before getting bored. in other words, i had no desire to continue reading it. much of what he says aren't his ideas, he shamelessly borrows from the great thinkers, so it's probably better just to buy their books instead of one from an author who simply quotes others. he apparently writes book after book regurgitating material he's done before or from others to get rich. ..dyer definitely has an intention, and it's to get rich by selling his mediocre books.
one word; annoying..i have been as die-hard a red sox fan as they come the past 30yrs of my life.  i love the sox, the ups and downs of rooting for them, and new england.  i hate this dvd.   for 90 minutes the viewer must endure watching a number of barely distinguishable red sox fans follow the team during the 2003 season.  most of these people annoyed the hell out of me.  it's unbearable.  i don't want to watch a bunch of whiny, overly self-involved jerks on my tv.   i also thought there would be some insight/interviews of players.  there was nothing worth mentioning really .  every once in a while there's an annoying shot of kevin millar acting like a 'tard or talking about something that makes no sence.   in fact, there are more scenes in this film that have no point of reference, or capture dialogue in the middle of a sentence that i never knew what the hell anyone was talking about.  it's like a bad film school project.  it blows.  i sat down all excited to watch this thing after they won the w.s. this year and i all i got was one big bum-out
waste of time.i am a big baseball fan, so i forced myself to sit through the whole thing. this movie was very slow and it completely lost my attention. the combination of a strong cast and great original material (taken from the play) should have equaled a fun movie, i normally like movies like this, where the action takes place in one setting, this being a minor league ballpark...unfortunately i paid the price of my enthusiasm, this movie plodded along at a snail like pace, wasn't funny, and the plot was too unbelievable. the protagonists in the movie fight, bicker with their wives, and even fall in love, all within 2 hours of a baseball game. i recommend the play instead.
pretty, but that's it..the special effects are quite good. the plot, pacing, acting, internal consistency, and internal logic, much less so...even fantasy must have some internal logic to maintain willing suspension of disbelief. it needs some tension, some drama, and some surprises. dinotopia lacks much of this...most of the plot twists are foreshadowed well in advance. the major suprises mostly come from hopelessly illogical acts by the major characters. (an example, someone tries to kill a character, in waterfall city. the victim survives and is rescued. not only does it never seem that any charges are brought against the villain, he reappears later and is accepted warrily by our heros.) the plotting is obvious, when it is hoplessly muddled. there is foreshadowing about a major secret of the dinosaurs, a missing commandment on the obilisk of "rules". when revealed the secret is an anti-climax. the motives of the carivore villains are unexplored -- are they as intelligent as the herbavores? why are they guarding the entrances to the underground ruins -- tradition?.even the "suprise" appearance of one character is too well foreshadowed to be a surprise. more of a "huh", thought so...no explanation is given for the one bit of driving tension, why the mysterious sunstones are wearing out, and why anyone would expect those underground not to be failing at the same rate...no explanation is even remotely tendered for how a 200 mile wide island of such diverse terrain could possibly be hidden in the atlantic. (given the wreckage and the islanders' knowledge of a war with germany, the atlantic makes more sense than the pacific.) even a nod towards time travel, dimentional portals, etc. would have been handy...all in all -- the pretty pictures aren't worth 4 hours of your time
still a long way from satisfactory.this just to voice my opinion on the new ran transfer. while i agree it is an improvement over the atrocious fox lorber edition (which is not that great an achievement considering the fox lorber dvd was one of the worst products in the history of home entertainment), this tranfer is still a long way from doing this masterpiece justice. yes, the colors are vivid but the sharpness and definition are exceptionally poor and the heavy edge enhancement (straight from hell!) doesn't make it any better. i have seen transfers of movies that are some 30 or 40 years older than ran but look far better. the problem becomes very obvious when one watches this dvd via progressive component output on a large screen - a video tape was used as a master (and a poor one at that). the only way to restore such an important movie properly and thereby finally showing mr. kurosawa the respect he deserves would have been to make a direct digital transfer off an original film negative, before applying filters or any enhancements. why this opportunity was (again) wasted here escapes me totally and angers me very much. another problem seems to be the excessive use of noise reduction on the video, which is in part responsible for the poor definition of the transfer. for my part, i would much sooner live with a bit of visible film grain and the odd dust speckle than to have a such a "saucy" soft picture without much "bite" and detail. there is no excuse for posting such an objectively false statement. and yes, the packaging is a liability - my dvds must have been bobbing about in there all the way across the atlantic and looked accordingly. shocking. i would have gladly payed twice the price if they had kept all the cards and posters and instead got the most important thing right: the image quality of ran. like this, i'm very disappointed
no wonder madonna dumped him.ugh! i made it through forty minutes when, having reached my limit of 1500 cliches per film, i gave up. what a shallow piece of tripe! i should have known at the very beginning when a woman who had apparently lost a family member to a traffic accident said, mournfully, that she could no longer get "close to anyone" for fear they would be "taken away." it goes downhill from there, folks, if such a thing can be imagined
very disappointed.i bought this based on the excellent reviews and was very disappointed..we played it at a gathering and no one wanted to continue the dvd after the first 8-10 minute
the great disappointment collection.after waiting so long to see some of these great films in widescreen dvd, it is a major disappointment to see the quality of the transfers in this collection. as another reviewer has noted, naked spur is not good and cheyenne social club looks like the entire film was transferred out of focus. low bit rate to make two features fit on the (two sided) dvd? who knows. hard to believe the source material is marred in this way. i bought the collection; cheyenne and firecreek are available on their own as a two-disc set that may or may not be better. i've seen warner features 30 years older that look much better. shame on you time warner
stupid packaging  shameful offer.when you receive this set, they offer a regular box you can set on the shelf, for an additional $2.98. what arrives four weeks later is a piece of folded paper that makes a slip cover for the already very poor disc holder. ..20th century fox entertainment should be boycotted. they make almost three dollars on something which costs them likely 8 cents - all in addition to the original cost of the discs...i love the simpsons, but i am returning this piece of folded paper along with an invoice for a four disc jewel case
sterile, derivative and plastic.......just like hollywood and just like the music industry which, i guess, is the point.  ..john travolta, playing on his character from get shorty (and, to a lesser degree, like his character in pulp fiction and swordfish) is mr. cool.  this time he's trying to make it big in the music biz.  he discovers a new talent (artist christina milian) and works his way through an assortment of characters that are more types and cliches than real characters.  ..a brand name cast and yet no one makes any more than a dent on the personality radar.  the dialogue seems forced, funnier on the script than on the screen and most scenes feel posed and sterile.  most of the actors appeared as bored as many celebrities are outside of their media personae.  aside from a few interesting moments, only one speech toward the end made by cedric the entertainer redeemed the film.  ..it's like a big commercial (which, i suppose, is any hollywood film).  certain musicians get shameless plugs (steven tyler and aerosmith, included in the film), various movies get shameless plugs (including, in a not so disguised fashion, get shorty), certain hollywood landmarks (e.g. the mann chinese theater) are plopped into the film like a tourist video and even the l.a. lakers and the staples center get a plug.  ..it's an attempt to play on the irony of making a film about making a film or, in this case, making a musician.  so we watch travolta as mr. cool navigating the landscape of the music industry to give christina milian her sudden and instantaneous rise to the top of the charts.  the ending is so horribly cheesy i felt as if i was watching american idol...watchable, but barely...the player covered this terrain so much better.
the rock and  vaughn stole the show.thankfully i watched this movie having recorded it on my dvr so i could fast forward through most of the scenes with uma thurman and john travolta.  their scenes and dialogue were so horrible that fast forward was the only way to get through the movie.  besides, this is not the kind of movie that you really need their dialogue to understand or enjoy it.  ..as usual, uma's acting is simply dreadful. i tend to avoid any movie with her in it because i know it will be bad.  how she became a "star" in hollywood is beyond me.  she is not attractive nor can she act.  she could have been replaced by a nobody and it wouldn't have changed the movie one bit.  i think when they need an actress who doesn't mind playing drivel roles, they call her. john travolta is not much better.  his version of "cool" just doesn't do it for me. his diction is becoming more slurred as the years go by that i hate to hear him speak.  and someone please tell uma and john that nobdody wants to see them dance so please just stop finding reasons to do so.  ..the only reason i gave this movie 2 stars is because of the rock and vince vaughn.  their roles were priceless and had me laughing all throughout the movie.  i never grew tired of vaughn pimping and the rock primping.  while i fast forwarded through uma and travolta's scenes, i tended to rewind during rock's and vaughn's scenes; they were so funny i had to see them again.  cedric the entertainer was also pretty good.
my advice, watch 'get shorty' instead.the problem with this film is i read the book.  i was disappointed simply because `be cool' is an obvious showcase for the musical talent.  the overly long dance sequence with john travolta and uma thurman is a prime example.  somewhere the bulk of the story was lost--and there are some very--very good characters appearing in the film that would've been more intersing if somebody would've said, "hey, don't forget the book!"  but being true to the original source is not hollywood's strong suit.  "be cool" provides some popular music, some known faces, but without john travolta, the movie would never have been made.  ..a few laughs are provided.  a couple ironic scenes show up, but there's too little to sustain a full-length feature.  basically, the project is a disservice to everyone involved.  some of the characters are so thin--face it--poor christina milian as linda moon, is reduced to being a voice that sways when she sings--a clich.  the rock does the best he can but again, `he's a gay bodyguard;' he's the  brunt of insulting jokes offered up by a raji, his boss [vince vaughn], who, in the book, is far more sinister--but in the film he's an idiot.  ..of course chili is chili. travolta does a very nice job, and chili's obviously the smartest guy in the room.  uma thruman's performance is, well, not funny--not serious, not intense--not much-- at best, she made me shrug.  i do like what harvey keitel did with nick carr, but there's just not enough, and all the negatives reflect completely on the director.  enough said there...my advice, watch `get shorty'again, or read `be cool.'
not worth watching.all "style" and no substance. even the dance number with john travolta  uma thurman was lackluster. and would cedric the "entertainer" please go away? i've never seen anything with him in it that was any good. i should have known just by his presence in the movie it was going to be a dud. i think christina milian's voice is good but not so great to make such a fuss over.
these are the worst ever!.my son loves "real life" trucks and big machines, so i thought these would be fun for him to watch. they are not, in fact they don't even hold his attention. dave talks way too much and is way too goofy even for little kids. just show the trucks in action and forget all the up close stuff on dave. i have since bought the i love cat machines series and they are fantastic
don't waste your money!.i am a teacher that has taught for twelve years both in preschool and grade school. i bought this dvd for my son who is 17 months. he was born premature and is considered speech delayed and i was thinking that this dvd might help. i was very disappointed. this dvd is nothing other than moving flash cards. the screen shows several items and repeats the item's names over and over. i understand the concept, but it failed to keep my son's attention even when i sat and watched it with him trying to redirect him toward the t.v. the second and third time viewing he wouldn't watch it at all. this dvd is going up for sale on e-bay! ..save your money and just use real objects in your house in which your child shows interest. point to those objects, play with them, and name them. this will be a much more meaningful experience for your child. if you are looking for entertaining dvds that hold a young child's attention try the baby einstein series or the sesame street sing-along dvds
aweful.my 20 month old son is speech delayed and i bought this dvd based on all the positive reviews i've seen.  maybe i'm missing something, but i thought it was horrible.  first of all, it barely held my son's attention.  but the worst part was that i absolutely cannot stand the music!  i could barely make it through watching it even the first time.  same thing with volume 2.  .we bought the baby babble dvd about 6 weeks ago, and i think it is much better than these bumblebee dvd's.  my son can watch baby babble over and over and over again.
warning: this is what will happen if gay marriage goes nationwide!!!!.just kidding. actually, massachusetts has nothing to worry about. the people in this movie have as much in common with normal humans as martians would (an effect fellini was deliberately going for). the only reason i rented this disc is because john lennon once said that the beatles' life on tour was like fellini's satyricon. i can only hope that the fab four's nights in australia, the philippines, and japan were more fun than this movie. more a collection of images than anything resembling a coherent narrative, satyricon (just how does one pronounce it anyway?) bets eveything on its visuals. some work and are impressive, but after a half hour, even diehard film buffs will tire of watching fellini try to top himself every five minutes. i hated fellini's la dolce vita. but, being a good sport, i decided to give the famed italian director one more shot by watching this. i don't think i want to go for strike three anytime soon. one could pretty much watch the scenes in any order. as an added annoyance, it looks like all the voices were dubbed after filming, just like they did in the spaghetti westerns. since there are no likable characters or interesting plot twists, one only has imagery to go on. so, let me describe the movie in montage form. we see large slabs of meat, bonfires, fat pedophiles, fat homosexuals, thin homosexuals, a beautiful slave girl with an annoying voice, an annoying poet with a beautiful voice. there are midgets, galley slaves, oily wrestling matches, a sweaty minotaur, heads chopped off, mutilations, suicides, a man swinging from a noose, lots of froliking, little real sex and no eroticism, an earthquake, sabers, centaurians, dusty vistas, squeaky wagons, a pasty-faced demi-god, painted woman, painted men, loin cloths, art work, and as cosmo kramer once said, lots of unbridled enthusiasm. what does it all add up to? two hours and ten minutes of your time wasted. if you want great imagery in a foreign film, stick with werner herzog's work.
two half naked roman dudes fight over a half naked male brat..fellini brings light on space instead of space on light. .he brings mysticism to the movie not the movie to mysticism...he brings boredom and rattling to a new height. .lots of nice emotionalism and sweat. .waging tongues and blood. candles and tits. .bondage and perversion. ..we learn italian words that we can not use...here is a good tidbit "child of aphrodite and hermes...hermaphrodite."..the subtitles conveniently disappear at crucial moments. even in italian the voices do not match the sound. ..one of the roman dudes encolpio (martin potter) finally got a real part as "doctor who" in1983.
awful!.saw "hart's war" the other night and couldn't really believe anyone would invest money and time in a film as awful as this one.  this film bombed at the box office and was yanked from circulation after only a few days.   here are ten reasons why:..1.  this film isn't "the great escape" and even though he would probably like to think otherwise, bruce willis isn't steve mcqueen.  even though willis received top billing, this is a colin farrell vehicle. . .2.  the vast majority of the target audience of 18-34 year old moviegoing males could care less about what happened during the reagan administration, much less world war ii.  "hart's war" may just as well be a film about a pow camp during the war of 1812.  anything with vin diesel or the rock would be bound to sell more tickets...3.  as far as depicting life in a pow camp, "hart's war" is pretty much on par with "hogan's heroes".  the germans are nice guys with guns who don't know very much and everyone gets away with just about anything.  where did the gi's get all those cigarettes, anyway?..4.  any stalag luft comandant worth his weight in sauerkraut would have just as soon killed the bruce willis character as look at him.  as depicted in "hart's war", the camp commandant (as portrayed by marcel lures) would have had a very difficult time maintaining any sort of status as an officer in the german army.  his collection of american jazz/blues records is a cute writer's invention that has nothing to do with the reality of the situation, or of the type of men who were in charge of german pow camps.  in reality, the marcel lures character would probably have been relegated to another type of nazi camp with a pink triangle sewn on the front of his tunic...5.  the storyline is not completely unbelievable - trials did take place in pow camps, one good example being the pow's who were tried and hung in andersonville;  however, the whole idea that the camp's commandant would actively participate in such a trial as sort of a jerry springer type advocate is ludicrous...6.  the idea that during the trial, a group of pow's who escape go on a secret mission to destroy a nearby munitions factory is insulting.  not only did nothing like this ever happen during world war ii, it degrades the bravery of those poor souls whose only act of heroism was to survive internment under harsh and sometimes brutal conditions.  the german army simply wasn't that stupid...7.  i saw this film once and didn't like it.  i thought that maybe the second time would be better.  it wasn't...8.  beyond being sheer hollywood political correctness, "hart's war" seriously misrepresents many of the more important aspects of internment.  it ignores the real focus of life in such a stalag which, for most pow's, was just day to day survival.  also, the soldiers who served in our armed forces during world war ii and also happened to be african americans weren't spineless, hapless dopes...9.  bruce willis playing the same role in variations of "die hard" over and over and over again is tiring...10.  better films about the same sort of subject matter are "the tuskeegee airmen" and "stalag 17".  hopefully in a few years, "hart's war" will be completely forgotten, and these dvd's will be rotting in some landfill.
working girl region error.unfortunately you shipped me a region 1 version when i am clearly in uk, region2. you then shipped a foc replacement, again region1 you then offered me a refund if i paid to ship them back to you, as i have not been able to view either copy and cannot give you a better "review"
really a flat note with me - all but totally unfunny and amateurish.i had several friends insist that i rent this film. i'm glad i did instead of buying it. i was not bowled over as they obviously were - quoting lines from it and all but wetting themselves remembering scenes from the film...now, i'm not a hard guy to make laugh, but there was only one point in this film where i actually laughed out loud. other than that, i found sordid lives to be just tediously amateurish and more than a bit forced...i love southern humor and even poking fun at southerners: i can't tell you how much i love greater tuna, fried green tomatos, steel magnolias, etc. but this just didn't cut it for me...the cast is a who's who of excellent character actors: beau bridges, bonnie bedelia, leslie jordan, olivia newton-john (for pete's sake!), erik krieger, delta burke and gobs of others. no, it's not a shortage of talent that this film lacks. i found that it was a lack of a cohesive direction that made me wince more than once...there's a scene with ty (an out of the closet to everyone but his parents young man who lives in west hollywood) talking to his ex-girlfriend in the reception area of their therapist...well, as a theatre director, i can only tell you that the performances during this one scene are so painfully badly acted and the pregnant pauses between the lines are so large you could drive fleets of trucks through them...there are various filming techniques that del shores (the director) uses that are just hackneyed: filming from behind a person's back so that only the back of one person's head and the facing person are seen. why? it feels like a testimonial "video" from mtv's real world rather than an actual film...frankly - and this is not always a bad thing - the whole film felt like it was a play converted to film. it can be a great thing! look at altmans' come back to the five and dime jimmy dean and you'll see how a good stage to film movie is done. but this...well, it's just amateur hour from my perspective...in all, the film felt like a poor man's greater tuna (two quick change artists playing 16 characters living in texas' 3rd smallest town), which was a stage play and was filmed for hbo as a stage play rather than attempting to make it feel like a film...i wanted to like this film, but i just didn't
anne of the green gables.i am so disappointed that it did not have any closed caption or subtitle for the deaf.  i had to return it
really disappointing.as a fan of kathy's first video -- total fitness workout -- i was really looking forward to this one.  i hate to say this but it really stinks -- working out has to be fun, concise, get the job done etc. etc... this isn't fun and it's way too long and just plain boring.  i turned it off after the first 15 minutes -- don't bother buying this one, it's terrible!!  it's not an exercise routine that you would enjoy doing over and over -- what happened???
amateurs.i don't usually bother reviewing things but i had to say something about this. first off the positives: it is hard and demanding. my muscles were sore the next day. that's it..the negatives? well, let's start with the completely amateurish presentation. she may be fit but she comes across as if she doesn't have a clue what she's talking about. she doesn't do mirror cueing which i think is a basic requirement. in the cardio intervals, she has to take breathers so just as you're ready to go onto the next move you have to stop to let her catch up with you. some of the moves in the cardio intervals i think are not good for lower backs - lots of bending down, touching the floor and back up again sort of thing..the stretch section at the end is useless. you don't stretch your upper body at all and all the weights sections are for upper body. .and then they finish off with a water fight while some manic bloke shouts 'you did it' over and over again at her. .if you can ignore her and switch off before he jumps out you will get a good workout. but there are plenty of challenging dvds out there which are much more professional
too violent and definitely too bloody.i'm a great fan of the avengers, but after seeing the ultimate avengers, i was hurt. i thought it was much too graphic for children. furthermore the story resembles the pilot series of the "justice league". i expected better from marvel. .i guest it's just the signs of the times. i mean kids are so accustomed to seeing blood and gore in their video games, why not their cartoon series, right? no wonder, some have no qualms about pulling guns on peers and shooting them in the head. .i cannot in good conscience recommend this dvd to children. i would be doing a disservice to society
a parent's review for ultimate avengers 2.i am a cartoon, and a comic fan.  i have been for years.  i think it is great that marvel has finally started putting out some great cartoon movies to show us in motion what these heroes can do.  the first ultimate avengers was cartoon-violent at times, but i thought that is was ok for my 5 year old daughter to watch.  but the second ultimate avengers, i thought this one took it a little too far.  there is a lot of hacking and slashing, a lot of really brutal fight scenes, and not alot of the avengers.  usually hero violence is punching the badguy out, or throwing him through a wall, but in this film they are trying to kill, and that is hard to watch with a child in the room.  i watched it once with my daughter, and ended up covering her eyes for portions of this film.  for me, i kinda liked it, but i won't watch it very often.  for my daughter, i wouldn't want her to watch it again
ultimate boredom.after watching the 1 ultimate avengers i was expecting a another action packed romp through the park, but i realized this was truly anti-climatic. the hulk make the 1st movie extremely appealing with his rip-roaring rampage while decimating everything. i expected to see even more of the hulk this time and pretty much got nothing. yuk for the sidekicks (no offense all the other hero's are just sidekicks to the hulk) blah, blah. while the black panther was cooler than i thought he would be, this was boring. where was the hulk???? marvel, can you please do an american icon like the hulk some love and give him some air time? hulk must smash and i cheered when he did (finally) show up but sorry this movie was mostly lame. well, i bought it and i am stuck with it. i am feinding for the hulk to take it somebody (villan or hero) and open up a can o whup- @zzz. please marvel enough with the aliens, there are some really cook villians in the marvel universe (really cool) and i have been a fan of the avengers for decades but as much as i like indepence day the movie, this avengers seemed more like a knock off. do yourself a favor wait until it comes on cartoon network or something, this was truly mediocre. hulk smash!!!!
where's the funny part?.i tried. i really tried, but i was simply incapable of getting into this program. the lead character in nighty night is so thoroughly, contemptably self-centered and unlikable she makes larry david in curb your enthusiasm seem like a big cuddly teddy bear. this is a person who has not had an unselfish thought for another human being in her entire life. she's also insane. completely. and not in a cute or funny way. she dosen't live in this world. she lives in one where the entire universe revolves around her, making it entirely acceptable for her to say or do anything no matter how ludicrous, dishonest or rude. she literaly has no idea she's a monster. i can see how that could be funny but not with this show's incredibly dry, lifeless presentation. i never thought i'd say this but nighty night could actually use a laugh track to let us know when the producers think we're supposed to laugh. and i hate laugh tracks.
not big on mixing musical with fantasy.i never saw this movie until i was 16. the girl i was dating at the time loved this movie. the rocky horror picture show was number one on her list so i tend to compare this one to that one not that the storys are similar in any way. but they do have one thing in common they are both horrible movies. i did give this movie two stars because it had some slightly entertaining moments, well so did fraggle rock! fraggle rock got cancelled for a reason! everyone burn your copies now
cult classic...please, a waste of my childhood.i actually saw this movie when i was 7 and it freaked me out abit, but i mean the brother was basically a blob with a face and the story was as bad as the acting. the ending was garbage and it had nothing to offer in todays world.dont even rent this, i dont even know why you are considering the film...i only give it a 2 star rating because t managed to scare a seven year old and i havent forgot how dumb the film was since.
awful!.i rented this movie from netflix recently, expecting a wonderfully campy, cheesy horror film. wrong. its just an hour and a half of boring film...the plot is lacking, the characters are annoying, especially duane...its simply a ridiculous film
shoot the americans - not the chicken and boar, please!!!!.after having seen this movie, i understand why europeans, arabs and everybody else hates americans... there are scenes where we hoped the servants would either poison the two annoying guys from kansas or just flat out shoot them in a hunting accident and make them disappear. .the story idea is great, but the acting and script is so poor and unworthy of being described in a review. .jesse must either have personal ties to the building where he filmed-or really fallen in love with the building. everytime the story could have taken off we get a stop with yet another look at the building itself. .it's a miracle to us, how anybody on here could call this movie funny or entertaining - the movie is bad, pretending it to be a satyre doesn't make it any better
another waste of a possible good movie..umm the title says pretty much how i feel about this movie soo much potential but it chokes. they are a few nice  scenes but  not enough to watch it again and  who really wants to see terry bradshaw's body  come on that was sick
really boooring....failure to launch was quite of a disappointment, considering the makeup of the cast: matthew mcconaughey, sarah jessica parker, and kathy bates among others..a 35 year-old man's parents plot to have their son move out of the house (!) by hiring a professional who feigns interest in him....in short, the acting is generally pretty good (though nothing great), the setting is above average, while the dialogues and the plot are below average..the major setbacks are in relation to:.1) the weak plot and especially the weak dialogues, for which the writers are to blame.  matthew mcconaughey, sarah jessica parker, and kathy bates were given weak lines.  what a waste of a good cast!.2) the whole "nephew" issue was just ridiculous!.3) the whole naked father thing....4) parents plotting to get rid of their child is absurd..on a positive note, zooey deschanel is delightful as kit.  let's see more of her....though the potential for a decent movie was definitely there it fails to take off, primarily due to the writers..in a nutshell, it's a mediocre movie and that's about it.  wait till they show it on tv.
predictable but zooey saves the day.with so much talent on show here you would expect a lot better movie, but this is another case of the scriptwriters letting the movie down. matthew mcconaughey delivers another good performance, yet doesn't stray too far from what he knows best. there is bradley cooper as his best friend who you will remember as rachel mcadams fiance in wedding crashers. patton oswalt appears in a blink and you'll miss him scene, but the heros of the day are kathy bates and zooey deschanel who's roles are a lot more important than the characters they play. bates is great as mcconaughey's mother while zooey is at her sarcastic best as parker's flatmate. parker should stick to television, she is dreadful and totally unconvincing in her role, maybe if they had cast someone else in her place there may have been a chance for this movie. a good date movie flick, the story is predictable but i would have been willing to look past that had i been entertained..special features are nothing too special. a trailer and a few dodgy featurette's. a rainy night rental movie
a kid not in king arthur's court.i saw this movie while flipping through tv stations late one night, actually it was early in the morning.  it said king arthur in the title, so me being a fan of arthurian legend, and having apparently missed this movie from '95.  i had some problems with it.  ..so the "kid" in question is playing baseball.  apparently he is not very good at it (ie: strikes out a lot).  after he strikes out to his arch-baseball-rival-pitcher-guy, a big gigantic earthquake came and sucked him into a big whole which apparently is some sort of inside-earth-time-wormhole, or something.  they don't really explain that, well it's a kids movie, so i will give them that one for free.  anyways, he gets spat out in the medieaval ages in "camelot."  a few items about king arthur and his family, arthur never reached old age, in this movie he appeared as a grandfather figure.  and he also didn't have two daughters (he had one son, mordred) as in this movie...well, most of the movie is spent with the people from that era usually the nobility and knights and arthur's one daughter who is the kid's age, oggling at his backpack (which he lukily brought with him) of futuristic "wonders" and they have a jolly good time.  but he wants to get back home.  where's merlin, oh, he's a willy old face in a well.  yep.  so he gets about a days worth of knight training from a non-realistic generous knight and suddenly he's a master fighter and jouster as seen later in the film.  ..anyways, the movie ends with him getting back and his new love (arthur's daughter) and arthur being in the real world with him (yeah, like arthur would leave his kingdom for some kid) and he's sent back before the infamous strike out.  blah blah blah...all in all, kids may be impressed and like this movie.  i didn't find it too entertaining.  if you want a movie about a "future guy" in the past, a conneticut yankee in king arthur's court was way better.  this didn't do it for me and may not for a lot of other people
why bother.this dvd was both a waste of time (only 49 minutes long) and money..if you enjoy pissing away your cash and wasting time waiting for something to be funny this is your dvd. however if you like to laugh and work hard for your money and spend it wisely steer clear of this. sorry gilbert, i usually enjoy your humor, but there was none of that here. i actually feel sorry for the people who were at the taping of this disc having to sit though this wreck
gilbert gottfried:  dirty jokes.absolutely filthy. the title indicates jokes but there is nothing in here that resembles a joke. it is a continual litany of filthy statements. i am sorry i purchased this and only give it a 1 star because that is the lowest choice. i would give it a 0 or lower
absolute garbage....ok... so lets make and extremely crappy zombie movie with grandpa's.old movie camera and put a really cool picture on the dvd cover so it looks intriguing!    good lord folks...this is bad!              quite rarely do i take a gamble and buy a movie that i have not heard about beforehand....and im positive it will never happen again. even the 3.99 price tag on this dvd is far too costly as i am sure that i could find a decent drink coaster for cheaper..anyone who likes this movie is either involved in its production or in a coma.
it was selling for $9.99 in circuit city.it was selling for $9.99 in circuit city. but passed it up, prefer to rent first
ouch.let me start by saying that i love indipendent features and support them fully. .a movie like this threatens my support..the actors ( i use that term loosly ) are just dreadful and don`t have any emotion. the " dreadful sex scene " is only dreadful in the fact that they wasted good film to shoot it. the sfx are passable and the story is just a retread. do not waste your time with this..i have to seriously question the reviewer that speaks so fondly for his love of zombie features. it reads exactly like the review that is quoted on the case...if you want to see how good indipendent features can be purchase van bebbers the manson family or the upcoming actress apocolpse.
disappointed.this movie needs a serious steroid boost on creativity, believability, and budget. and can we say... just squish the leeches already. not worth your time
greatest american hero-season 3.i recently bought season 3 of "greatest american hero."  what's up though with the episodes being out of order?  ralph and pam are married in about 3 to 4 episodes (disc 1  2) before we actually see the wedding on disc 3.  it was disappointing when i started watching the episodes and realized this.  i decided to copy the episode guide so i could view the episodes in the right order.  the first two seasons released were in the right order; possibly anchor bay manufactured season 3 wrong
the brat pack comes of age."st. elmo's fire" is one of those movies that could have been better, should have been better and yet, it just wasn't..it featured an ensemble cast of the young and hot stars of the 1980s, the so-called brat pack (well, everyone but molly ringwald and anthony michael hall, who were spared this misstep).  maybe this was supposed to be "the breakfast club - - after college", but while "the breakfast club" had characters, even stereotypical characters, that you could relate to, there is absolutely no one, with the exception of emilio estevez' character, that you care enough about to relate to in this film..the setting is not the john hughes teen friendly illinois, but georgetown, where our bunch of brat packers have supposedly graduated from college.  uh-huh.  yeah, right.  .judd nelson and ally sheedy are living together and supposedly looking toward marriage - - problem is, nelson is looking at and screwing everything else female that walks by and somehow hoping that sheedy, in her prim and proper sweater and skirt sets and pearls can change that.  andrew mccarthy is their mutual friend who knows what nelson is up to and secretly harboring a festering desire for sheedy (or maybe it's just the pearls?)  emilio estevez is a future attorney, working as a waiter/server and suffering a serious crush on andie macdowell.  mare winningham is a dowdy, trust-fund type girl who is still holding on to her virginity, working in social services and fighting over marrying the proper dork that her parents have selected for her.  she instead fantasizes about rob lowe, who is the pretty boy sax player in a local band, who has dropped out of school, married a white trash-y looking groupie, had a child with her and has now separated from her, and taking up with other groupies.  demi moore is the wild chick who works in international banking, has a serious coke problem, stepmother issues and a problem with painting her apartment walls hot pink and with giant murals of billy idol.  .sounds promising, huh?  well, in what is an early portend of the "melrose place" to come, sheedy finds out what a dog nelson is, dumps his ass, immediately jumps into bed with mccarthy, who is too desperately in love with her to realize that this is a rebound job; estevez, after screwing up a lucrative house-sitting job by hosting a party there, travels to the snowy mountains to track down macdowell and profess his love to her.  he finds that she is holed up there with her boyfriend and despite being crushed, he lays a huge kiss on her and then heads back home.  lowe, in between faux-playing his sax and shaking his feathered head everywhere, takes winningham's virginity and heads back to his estranged missus.  moore, after whining seemingly incessantly about her ill stepmother, has all her furnishings repossessed, loses her job and freaks out..not exactly "the breakfast club".  .the real problems seem to lie in the characters themselves.  with the exception of estevez' character, they all seem like caricatures and horribly stereotyped.  their every action, every line of dialogue seems like just that - - they seem very one dimensional.  their so-called angst seems like a handy plotline device and nothing more than that..winningham's character could have been salvagable - -except that she followed lowe around like a sick puppy, knowing full well how he mistreated his wife and what a basic slacker he was.  and yet, she still gave her virginity to him.  maybe if winningham wasn't so bright, or she was a college freshman, it would be understandable.  but she was a college graduate and seemingly intelligent..lowe really had little to do with his role.  maybe if he had played the role nelson had - - as the roving lothario, with sheedy waiting at home, it might have gone over better.  with his too-pretty looks, it would almost be understandable how the character could get random women he just met to sneak into dressing rooms with him.  nelson just doesn't seem comfortable and doesn't pull it off - -but maybe nelson might have been better suited for the sax player..moore basically plays herself - -an interesting sidenote is that she was originally fired from this production for her drug problems, mirroring her character - - but was later rehired..while the title song later become a minor hit, "st. elmo's fire" itself missed the mark.
spend a couple hours of your life with 7 vile people.of all the hateful self-centered characters and idiotic plot lines in this movie, the one i found most offensive was the one involving emilio estevez/andie macdowell.  isn't stalking hilarious?  and isn't kirby the cutest obsessed stalker you've ever seen?  i bet stalking victims everywhere wish their stalker was a lovable as little kirby...i also loved at the end when ally sheedy tells andrew mccarthy and judd nelson that she just wants them "all to be friends".  to which they both reply the classic cinema line, "ehhhh... ok."  wow.  now that's drama.
the brat pack and those enormous granny panties.this was the movie that gave us the brat pack, a staple of a certain 80s cultural set.  the term brat pack was derived from an article writen by a journalist out one night with most of the men starring in st. elmo's fire on a boozy night of partying.  since then the gals in the movie as well as a few others who weren't in the movie (anthony michael hall, for example) suffered a bit of a ripple effect.  here we will see all of them at their prime and at their peak of heart throb success on every teenage girl's bedroom wall...out of all the dramedies of the john hughes movies, this was the one i liked the least.  maybe it was the fact that all the characters were so vain and self centered.  maybe it was the fact that it was all so idealized seeing all of them trying to adjust to their lives after graduating college.  it was trying to be the next generation "graduate" movie, and i didn't relate when my time came.  maybe it had to do with the fact that i have been let down by many people and didn't have that network of friends in similar situations, and the isolation i felt during that first year adjusting to the outside world having left the nest of academia.  i guess i was just a little more bitter.  plus, as my life was surrounded by work and little else, i didn't have all the dramas going on they did...that was kind of sad, the one scene where rob lowe goes back to his old frat house and they tell him they need someone like him to couch their team.  it proves you really can't go home again and there are some clinging to the past.  not to mention embarrassing with that one gal who has managed to hold onto her virginity for so long and in one of the attempts to releive her of it rob lowe finds those enormous granny panties.  ..this caputed more of a time in fashion and music than it did a mindset.  it's not a bad story, but the vain and self centered antics of the main characters left me cold.
what a waste.this movie had many of the ingredients to make it truly great, including a phenomenal cast, lead by cate blanchett, and great scenery and cinematography. the actors playing elizabeth, cecil, and walsingham spoke and acted admirably, each phrase spoken with such honesty and feeling, but the words themselves rendered the performances useless. the director and the author of the script greatly misunderstood the characters and the material. they should have read elizabeth the first's biography by elizabeth jenkins. it is useless to say a movie does not need to be historically accurate but has only to entertain: had the author and director been more historically accurate, they would not have created the unbelievable character they created in elizabeth, who is in turn hysterical, defeatist, overbearing, childish, tyrannical, who never shows her core intelligence, her great love of her people, who had a private core described by her motto "semper eadem", be always one. elizabeth ruled with her advisors, she was not totally ruled by them. she would not have put up with norfolk screaming at her across the council table, nor would burleigh have allowed it. cate blanchett's wonderful acting and presence were pearls thrown before swine, wasted on a character portrayal that totally lacked any integrity, much less truth. how could the director think that the woman he was trying to portray was any kind of real woman? the ending had me blushing with embarassment for one and all. we are laughably given william cecil as wimpy and ineffective, and walsingham as the mastermind behind the throne. one of the reviews said that the director inspired rush to play walsingham much like the hindu god krishna. i suggest that he should have first read some english history
elizabeth the silly school girl.a work of fiction is a great thing, but to take the life of a famous historical character and potray it as accurate is wrong.  why not just make up a story with no historical basis
cate, oh my................to borrow from a previous reviewer:  a movie to kill an evening with if you have one that really needs murdering.
fact is stranger than fiction.i am a fan of historical fiction, and this has to be one of the most historically inaccurate films i have ever seen! what bothers me the most is that the general public, who hasn't read the tudor biographies like some of us have, will believe this stuff because it is their only exposure to the subject! i won't go into all the inaccuracies since other reviewers have already touched on them. why tamper with history, when it was actually more fascinating than what was portrayed in this movie.
poor history and a screenplay over-dramatic.i'm glad someone knows enough about english history to recognize the pure fiction of this film.  but in addition to points made about historical inaccuracy, i also had to object to the ridiculous portrayal of mary tudor.  over-zealous and fanatic (as was a common religious stance in those times - promoted by both sides of the protestant/catholic conflict), she was not insane as the film makes her in the opening scenes.  and throughout the film, there was this emphasis on milking the passions for all they are worth - no objectivity whatsoever.  i was sorely disappointed!..if you want to get to know elizabeth and the period in which she lived, i would recommend the superb bbc series, elizabeth r with glenda jackson.  and if you want even further background, look to the bbc again in the six wives of henry viii with keith mitchell.  tidbits can be gained as well from the movie mary, queen of scots (although a few historical inaccuracies can be found in it - for example, mary stuart and elizabeth never met, although it was mary's great desire) and even another title, anne of the thousand days.  those two more theatrical representations fulfill the desire for the more dramatic while still coming closer to the history of the times.  this film just doesn't cut it
not big on mixing musical with fantasy.i never saw this movie until i was 16. the girl i was dating at the time loved this movie. the rocky horror picture show was number one on her list so i tend to compare this one to that one not that the storys are similar in any way. but they do have one thing in common they are both horrible movies. i did give this movie two stars because it had some slightly entertaining moments, well so did fraggle rock! fraggle rock got cancelled for a reason! everyone burn your copies now
disappointed.i bought this video as something to throw in with my regular routine so i wouldn't get stuck in a plateau from not enough variation.  unfortunately, the routines were confusing and difficult to follow.  it also consisted of a lot of standing in one place and shimmying your body as opposed to really getting a workout by moving.  i was very disappointed, especially after reading all the other great reviews.  10 minutes into the workout i turned it off because my heart rate wasn't what i wanted for a cardio workout.  i would not suggest this as a good workout even for a beginner
way too "dancy"!.i was hoping for an exercize routine i could really use, but this is so dancy and complicated that it's tough to follow. i enjoy aerobics in general, but there are so many "shoulder shimmies" and "hip circles" in this video, it makes me wonder if it was created for entertainment purposes rather than to give us a workout. if you need a good workout that you can realistically follow, consider something else
vocal hernia.zakk pushed his voice beyond its limits on mafia, and on this tour.  its really hard to take, and i'm glad he returned to his regular smokey voice on shot to hell...bls are a great group, but zakk's persistent use of this higher strained vocal technique scuttles blessed hellride songs that were sung in regular pitch on the cds.  stoned and drunk and funeral bell are critically altered to the point where i had to skip them...i'm actually starting to suspect that zakk was using a vocal harmonizer tuned up an octave to achieve this effect, because i can't imagine how his vocal chords could withstand a tour sung this way...a few tunes sung this way i can handle, buts its total overkill on this dvd...the behind the scenes extras are enjoyable because zakk is a funny guy
sugar coated luther....i see a lot of positive reviews posted here... the historical luther will not be found in this movie. no doubt the audience is predominantly lutheran. from a secular entertainment point of view, i would agree with them. 4 stars. the attention to detail is excellent; it is well acted, well written, well casted. however, director eric till has made luther into a hero. he was no hero. history reveals the truth that is so glaringly absent in the film. the only thing that rang true was that luther was an anti-establishment, religious zealot reformer, just like jesus, (only jesus hated gentiles, calling them "dogs and swine)." ..i challenge till to make a "luther part 2," using excerpts of luther's own words below as the script. it smack's of a hitler biography/// . disclaimer: if you are lutheran, brace yourself. he blatently advocated a slow genocide of the jews. hitler picked up on what luther was throwin' down... "the jewish vermin... shall have their homes razed... curfews set... business banned..." etc. this is the luther that is never portrayed. ad hominem or not, how can lutheranism be trusted when it's founder was such a hateful individual?...           the jews and their lies, by martin luther .."i had made up my mind to write no more either about the jews or against them. but since i learned that these miserable and accursed people do not cease to lure to themselves even us, that is, the christians, i have published this little book, so that i might be found among those who opposed such poisonous activities of the jews who warned the christians to be on their guard against them. i would not have believed that a christian could be duped by the jews into taking their exile and wretchedness upon himself. however, the devil is the god of the world, and wherever god's word is absent he has an easy task, not only with the weak but also with the strong. may god help us. amen. .he did not call them abraham's children, but a "brood of vipers" [matt. 3:7]. oh, that was too insulting for the noble blood and race of israel, and they declared, "he has a demon' [matt 11:18]. our lord also calls them a "brood of vipers"; furthermore in john 8 [:39,44] he states: "if you were abraham's children ye would do what abraham did.... you are of your father the devil. it was intolerable to them to hear that they were not abraham's but the devil's children, nor can they bear to hear this today. .therefore the blind jews are truly stupid fools... .now just behold these miserable, blind, and senseless people. ....their blindness and arrogance are as solid as an iron mountain. .learn from this, dear christian, what you are doing if you permit the blind jews to mislead you. then the saying will truly apply, "when a blind man leads a blind man, both will fall into the pit" [cf. luke 6:39]. you cannot learn anything from them except how to misunderstand the divine commandments... .therefore be on your guard against the jews, knowing that wherever they have their synagogues, nothing is found but a den of devils in which sheer self-glory, conceit, lies, blasphemy, and defaming of god and men are practiced most maliciously and veheming his eyes on them. .moreover, they are nothing but thieves and robbers who daily eat no morsel and wear no thread of clothing which they have not stolen and pilfered from us by means of their accursed usury. thus they live from day to day, together with wife and child, by theft and robbery, as arch-thieves and robbers, in the most impenitent security. .however, they have not acquired a perfect mastery of the art of lying; they lie so clumsily and ineptly that anyone who is just a little observant can easily detect it. but for us christians they stand as a terrifying example of god's wrath. .if i had to refute all the other articles of the jewish faith, i should be obliged to write against them as much and for as long a time as they have used for inventing their lies-- that is, longer than two thousand years. ....christ and his word can hardly be recognized because of the great vermin of human ordinances. however, let this suffice for the time being on their lies against doctrine or faith. .did i not tell you earlier that a jew is such a noble, precious jewel that god and all the angels dance when he farts? .alas, it cannot be anything but the terrible wrath of god which permits anyone to sink into such abysmal, devilish, hellish, insane baseness, envy, and arrogance. if i were to avenge myself on the devil himself i should be unable to wish him such evil and misfortune as god's wrath inflicts on the jews, compelling them to lie and to blaspheme so monstrously, in violation of their own conscience. anyway, they have their reward for constantly giving god the lie. .no, one should toss out these lazy rogues by the seat of their pants. ....but then eject them forever from this country. for, as we have heard, god's anger with them is so intense that gentle mercy will only tend to make them worse and worse, while sharp mercy will reform them but little. therefore, in any case, away with them! .over and above that we let them get rich on our sweat and blood, while we remain poor and they suck the marrow from our bones. .i brief, dear princes and lords, those of you who have jews under your rule-- if my counsel does not please your, find better advice, so that you and we all can be rid of the unbearable, devilish burden of the jews, lest we become guilty sharers before god in the lies, blasphemy, the defamation, and the curses which the mad jews indulge in so freely and wantonly against the person of our lord jesus christ, this dear mother, all christians, all authority, and ourselves. do not grant them protection, safe-conduct, or communion with us.... .with this faithful counsel and warning i wish to cleanse and exonerate my conscience. .let the government deal with them in this respect, as i have suggested. but whether the government acts or not, let everyone at least be guided by his own conscience and form for himself a definition or image of a jew. .however, we must avoid confirming them in their wanton lying, slandering, cursing, and defaming. nor dare we make ourselves partners in their devilish ranting and raving by shielding and protecting them, by giving them food, drink, and shelter, or by other neighborly acts. .therefore we christians, in turn, are obliged not to tolerate their wanton and conscious blasphemy. .accordingly, it must and dare not be considered a trifling matter but a most serious one to seek counsel against this and to save our souls from the jews, that is, from the devil and from eternal death. .what shall we christians do with this rejected and condemned people, the jews? since they live among us, we dare not tolerate their conduct, now that we are aware of their lying and reviling and blaspheming. if we do, we become sharers in their lies, cursing and blaspemy. thus we cannot extinguish the unquenchable fire of divine wrath, of which the prophets speak, nor can we convert the jews. with prayer and the fear of god we must practice a sharp mercy to see whether we might save at least a few from the glowing flames. we dare not avenge ourselves. vengeance a thousand times worse than we could wish them already has them by the throat. i shall give you my sincere advice: .first to set fire to their synagogues or schools and to bury and cover with dirt whatever will not burn, so that no man will ever again see a stone or cinder of them. this is to be done in honor of our lord and of christendom, so that god might see that we are christians, and do not condone or knowingly tolerate such public lying, cursing, and blaspheming of his son and of his christians. for whatever we tolerated in the past unknowingly - and i myself was unaware of it - will be pardoned by god. but if we, now that we are informed, were to protect and shield such a house for the jews, existing right before our very nose, in which they lie about, blaspheme, curse, vilify, and defame christ and us (as was heard above), it would be the same as if we were doing all this and even worse ourselves, as we very well know. .second, i advise that their houses also be razed and destroyed. for they pursue in them the same aims as in their synagogues. instead they might be lodged under a roof or in a barn, like the gypsies. this will bring home to them that they are not masters in our country, as they boast, but that they are living in exile and in captivity, as they incessantly wail and lament about us before god. .third, i advise that all their prayer books and talmudic writings, in which such idolatry, lies, cursing and blasphemy are taught, be taken from them... .fourth, i advise that their rabbis be forbidden to teach henceforth on pain of loss of life and limb. for they have justly forfeited the right to such an office by holding the poor jews captive with the saying of moses (deuteronomy 17 [:10 ff.]) in which he commands them to obey their teachers on penalty of death, although moses clearly adds: "what they teach you in accord with the law of the lord." those villains ignore that. they wantonly employ the poor people's obedience contrary to the law of the lord and infuse them with this poison, cursing, and blasphemy. in the same way the pope also held us captive with the declaration in matthew 16 [:18], "you are peter," etc., inducing us to believe all the lies and deceptions that issued from his devilish mind. he did not teach in accord with the word of god, and therefore he forfeited the right to teach. .fifth, i advise that safe-conduct on the highways be abolished completely for the jews. for they have no business in the countryside, since they are not lords, officials, tradesmen, or the like. let they stay at home... .sixth, i advise that usury be prohibited to them, and that all cash and treasure of silver and gold be taken from them and put aside for safekeeping. the reason for such a measure is that, as said above, they have no other means of earning a livelihood than usury, and by it they have stolen and robbed from us all they possess. such money should now be used in no other way than the following: whenever a jew is sincerely converted, he should be handed one hundred, two hundred, or three hundred florins, as personal circumstances may suggest. with this he could set himself up in some occupation for the support of his poor wife and children, and the maintenance of the old or feeble. for such evil gains are cursed if they are not put to use with god's blessing in a good and worthy cause. .seventh, i commend putting a flail, an ax, a hoe, a spade, a distaff, or a spindle into the hands of young, strong jews and jewesses and letting them earn their bread in the sweat of their brow, as was imposed on the children of adam (gen 3[:19]}. for it is not fitting that they should let us accursed goyim toil in the sweat of our faces while they, the holy people, idle away their time behind the stove, feasting and farting, and on top of all, boasting blasphemously of their lordship over the christians by means of our sweat. no, one should toss out these lazy rogues by the seat of their pants. .but what will happen even if we do burn down the jews' synagogues and forbid them publicly to praise god, to pray, to teach, to utter god's name? they will still keep doing it in secret. if we know that they are doing this in secret, it is the same as if they were doing it publicly. for our knowledge of their secret doings and our toleration of them implies that they are not secret after all and thus our conscience is encumbered with it before god. .accordingly, it must and dare not be considered a trifling matter but a most serious one to seek counsel against this and to save our souls from the jews, that is, from the devil and from eternal death. my advice, as i said earlier, is: .first, that their synagogues be burned down, and that all who are able toss in sulphur and pitch; it would be good if someone could also throw in some hellfire. that would demonstrate to god our serious resolve and be evidence to all the world that it was in ignorance that we tolerated such houses, in which the jews have reviled god, our dear creator and father, and his son most shamefully up till now but that we have now given them their due reward. .i wish and i ask that our rulers who have jewish subjects exercise a sharp mercy toward these wretched people, as suggested above, to see whether this might not help (though it is doubtful). they must act like a good physician who, when gangrene has set in, proceeds without mercy to cut, saw, and burn flesh, veins, bone, and marrow. such a procedure must also be followed in this instance. burn down their synagogues, forbid all that i enumerated earlier, force them to work, and deal harshly with them, as moses did in the wilderness, slaying three thousand lest the whole people perish. they surely do not know what they are doing; moreover, as people possessed, they do not wish to know it, hear it, or learn it. there it would be wrong to be merciful and confirm them in their conduct. if this does not help we must drive them out like mad dogs, so that we do not become partakers of their abominable blasphemy and all their other vices and thus merit god's wrath and be damned with them. i have done my duty. now let everyone see to his. i am exonerated." .my essay, i hope, will furnish a christian (who in any case has no desire to become a jew) with enough material not only to defend himself against the blind, venomous jews, but also to become the foe of the jews' malice, lying, and cursing, and to understand not only that their belief is false but that they are surely possessed by all devils. may christ, our dear lord, convert them mercifully and preserve us steadfastly and immovably in the knowledge of him, which is eternal life. [1]
bad 80s ten movie.the acting is so bad in this horror film, prettey corney mov
for older children?.i have had the pleasure of teaching my hearing grandchildren to sign and i was looking forward to adding this video to our signing library.  i was disappointed with both the format and the word selection.  the format does not hold the attention of my grandchildren and the words are of marginal interest to them - market, bakery, florist, etc.  my grandchildren are more interested in signs for words such as milk, eat, more, all done, mommy, daddy, baby, etc.  perhaps this video is more appropriate for older children?..my grandchildren have learned more than forty signs from the my baby can talk videos - they are simply enchanted by these videos.  even my older grandchildren continue to watch these videos with their younger siblings and they all interact with the videos while they watch.  i would recommend this series for preverbal babies and babies who are beginning to speak.
for preverbal babies?.as a counselor for families with young babies, i have had the opportunity to review a number of language programs (both sign and verbal) for preverbal babies and babies who are just beginning to verbalize. ..as with baby wordsworth the production quality of this dvd is excellent, however the words and signs presented are not appropriate for either preverbal babies who are trying to communicate basic wants and needs or toddlers who are beginning to speak. instead of offering words and signs such as eat, drink, milk, more, mommy, daddy, baby etc. - this program presents bank, florist, bakery, etc.  not only is the choice of words and signs questionable but the visual distinctions between scenes such as cafe, restaurant, and market is difficult for a baby to understand...the format is also geared towards older children.  five words and signs are presented in rapid succession and then extended scenes for each word are shown.  then the same five words and signs are offered again by a child of four years or older.  in addition, the signs themselves are difficult for young babies as most of the signs are combinations of more than one sign such as "ice cream" plus "store."..there are no babies signing or speaking in this production and no tutorial for parents of hearing babies who are teaching their babies to use sign language.  i recommend the "my baby can talk" series to teach either sign language or first spoken words to babies
5 star reviews may represent starved radiohead fans.i love radiohead.  repeat, i love radiohead.  they put out the best 4 albums in a row since the beatles in the 60's.  that being said.....this is the worst produced dvd i have ever seen.(!)  it features perhaps 8 cameras with random selection of camera choice at almost exactly 4 second intervals.  it is almost impossible to become interested in any part of the proceedings because you don't have the opportunity to watch any one of the fellas do anything for more than 4 seconds at a time.  i can't believe anyone allowed this to happen.  who thought this was a good idea?  he (or she) should be forced to watch this abomination.  it's like staring into a strobe lite for an hour...the only saving grace is that it is "filmed" at a time when the band was beginning to ferment. play it, but don't you dare watch or your likely to wind up in convulsions on the floor.   ..come on boys, enough is enough.  give us a good, modern dvd, in at least dolby 5.1.  i wouldn't care if you just used one camera.  please.  pretty please.  ..by the way.  would everyone please drop any references to the band called coldpl_y (sorry, my fingers won't allow me to type the complete name)?  how did radiohead ever get linked with this completely unoriginal and mediocre band
widescreen or not, this is still a terrible show..or i should say was, both badly drawn, written, and performed by terrible voice actors.  the dvd package and the disks are also badly made.  still using below average aol software for the transfer to disk, aren't you warners, you geeks
candyman:  the farewell to the flesh  (1995).director:  bill condon.cast:  tony todd, kelly rowan, william o'leary, bill nunn, matt clark, david gianopoulos, fay hauser, joshua gibran mayweather, timothy carhart, veronica cartwright..running time:  93 minutes.rated r for violence and gore, and for some sexuality and language...many die-hard horror fans absolutely worship the original "candyman" because it's so genuinely scary and intelligently adapted from a clive barker story. this sequel (it looks more like a prequel, actually, with all those flashbacks) is not entirely unwatchable, it just immensely pales in comparison to the original, like so many other redundant sequels do. it seems though director bill condon and his army of crew members totally missed the point of barker's tale and of the original film.  what began as a tale of enigmatic mystery and mystique, brooding with paranoia is now been cut down to another run-of-the-mill hacker series that takes away from the brilliance of the 1992 original...it's mardi gras season in new orleans, where inner-city school teacher annie tarrant (kelly rowan) proves to her class that there is no candyman by looking into a mirror and saying his name five times. she should have listened to them because of course there is a candyman and her brother ethan (william o'leary) knows it, as he's been arrested for the murder of the smug fat bloke from the first film, but of course he's innocent and the real culprit is the hook-handed killer, back to wreak more havoc in the lives of annie's family. believing that ethan and her mother (veronica cartwright) aren't telling her the whole truth about his arrest and her father's death, annie delves into the legend herself..."farewell to the flesh" departs from the original with annie's deep, dark family secret, which is not only completely predictable but also totally uninteresting. the supposed twists only start coming after way too much draggy set-up where the movie tries to create mystery about the existence of the candyman even though we all know he's real and we all know what's going to happen from this point on. the menace of the character has gone, his appearances are too numerous and aren't scary, and the moments when he pops up to stick his hook through someone's back are completely expected. basically this does nothing that the original didn't do better, with the poor black area of town, the missing kid, the cops believing ethan carried out the candyman's crimes and the candyman's spell over annie all being derivative of the first movie. the mardi gras setting adds some colour but has nothing to do with the story and gives us the irrelevant, at times nonsensical radio show that weaves through the movie. the change of location also weakens the candyman mythos, because an urban legend in one part of a town i can believe, but now apparently everyone in the civilised world has heard of, and lives in fear of, the candyman. the film tries too hard to turn him into a horror icon along the lines of freddy or michael myers, and it succeeds only too well, because this time around the impact has gone, too much detail is revealed about his origin and the story is a pale imitation of what's already been done before
soooo corny~!.ok, this movie is for either black people, or white woman. then, you may enjoy it. this is soo silly and corny i want my money back. interesting idea, but...no thanks. lo
this is 2006!!! not 1966!!!.j.r. nelson is correct!! half of the movie, or dvd, viewing experience is the sound!!! this dvd is in mono!!!!!!!! all the positives about this series remains - the best of all time. but, the 3 cruise versions all have way, way, better sound, and dvd extras. i fully recommend the 5 "alias" seasons over this package because of the far superior sound, and obvious similarities to the original mission: impossible tv series.
no subtitles and no closed captions?!  why?!.we discovered that this dvd of mission impossible - the complete first season will not provide subtitles and no closed captions.  1960's tv mission impossible was my favorite tv show of all time.  we are hearing impaired (both deaf and hard of hearing) and we want to see what they said from this legendary tv classic show.  we survived and endured through hearing impaired discriminations, prejudice and bigotry such as audism.  please don't buy this dvd without subtitles and no closed captions because they deliberately copied from tv screen show to video without mastering of high-digital video techniques such as coloring, subtitles, etc.  paramount home video company often made cheap and flawed dvd video in order to boost their profit while lower the video quality.  you will be deeply disappointed when you see this dvd of "mission impossible - the complete first season".
wonderful film but poor dvd quality.i bought the dvd with this artwork out of a dollar bin and i got what i paid for. the image is fuzzy and the audio is of poor quality. this must have been taken from a 16mm print. it may be that this film is in public domain, so it may be difficult to find a decent quality dvd. there are many issues of this film so you would do better to try one of the other dvd issues. note: amazon seems to spread these reviews across dvds of the same title, so you may see this review under multiple dvd releases of "meet john doe".  the poor quality dvd that i bought has a cover that looked like this: [...
meet john doe.i purchased this dvd a while ago - fyi - a documentary of the anaconda was in the case and not the movie.  i went to the web site to complain and my profile could not be found.  here, years later, when i'm finally placing another through amazon they found my account and noted that i purchased meet john doe.  i guess it's a little late to complain now
weak.this movie was a weak effort by capra, who directed it, and the star, gary cooper. it's a good story, just poorly directed (capra can't hit a home run every time). i found the acting very wooden and the movie seemed to just drag on and on. and no extra features on the dvd, at least none to speak of
blow dry.this is the 2nd time amazon has sent the wrong tape and blamed it on me.  i ordered the original alan rickman british edition and received the very bad us edition - when returning it, i was tolf that i ordered the wrong thing!!!  i still have the order acknowledgement showing purchase of the rickman edition - someone never read what was ordered and returns do not show an option of wrong tape received.  good by amazo
hartnett's accent blows..i like hairdressing..this movie is abour hairdressing. and professor snape is fabulous as the hairdresser. and so is matt sullivan, the wise cracking boy who has gone without sex for 40 days, is also a hairdresser. as is josie..i like hairdressing..do you?
what ... the ... hell?.it's hard to believe i watched the same movie as everyone else here. this movie fails on every level. it isn't a good action movie, or a good silly movie, or a good comedy, or a good satire ... or much of anything but an endless parade of lame gags, terrible dialogue, weak characters, vapid plot, and so on. there isn't anything redeeming about god of cookery. don't be fooled into thinking you'll like it because you like shaolin soccer, iron chef, rumble in the bronx, ong bak, or almost any other far-superior show or movie to which it might be compared. god of cookery is just painful, feeble, and empty
tedious and long.contrary to the adorers of this film, i find kings and queens to be tedious and long.  there are a few redeeming moments in the movie, but they don't make up for its needless wandering and at times bizarre path.  francophiles look elsewhere
disappointing.i'm giving this dvd a 1 star not because all three episodes are crappy but because 15 is such a let down. don't get me wrong, 13 and 14 are a must see but in 15 way too much is changed within the personalities of the charachcters it just seems like there are totally different writers this time. episode 16 isn't quite as bad as 15  but you can tell the story has been greatly thinned out compared to  the first 14 episodes
unbelievably bad..if you are allergic to movies that have an overkill of "cuteness," be sure to have a barfbag handy, when you watch this one. luckily, i recorded it from tv, skimmed to the end just to make sure it did have the required happy ending, and then erased it. if i had actually owned it, i would have burned it
ten steps below zero! a real bomb!.this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen. julia roberts and richard gere should have given every cent they received on this movie for charity! horrible acting and plot. julia and richard, i hope you get to read this one day.
great sets.the movie has great sets, and is kind of a mix between matrix and blade runner. however the acting is unconvincing, the big secret is revealed at the beginning, and the character development is weak
a good first yoga dvd....for someone else!.i consider myself a beginner yogi (have been to about 5-7 classes over the past year), and i found this video to be extremely unchallenging.  this video might be good for someone recovering from an injury and who has never tried yoga before.  although sara ivanhoe comes off as a friendly, non-threatening gym buddy, i just couldn't overcome the total lack of breath awareness that seems to be a basic part of yoga.  also, i am not in very good shape, and i didn't even break a sweat during the 'fat burning' workout.
to buy or not to buy.i was dispointed from seying this movie. after seing wild orchid movies, 9 182 weeks movies and two moon junction movies i was expecting wide sargo sea to be a great movie after seing the editorial about it. the course of the movie was really good but near the end when she looses everything was tragic to mee. i did not get the point of this movie. it's worth renting. but i certainly would not buy it
nicholas cage ruins a brilliant film.nicholas cage is incapable of bringing any reality to this otherwise very dark and serious story of a man becoming psychotically obsessed with thinking he is a vampire.  cage used to make quirky movies good, raising arizona, but here his complete acting inability ruins a film.  ..the audience can see that his interactions with a vampiress and subsequent rampage, is what is called 'pyschotic delusions', but the film is brilliant when it shows that even cage's conversations with his shrink may be imagined...he is over the top and out of context.  worst accent imaginable.  the concept of a man having an alternate universe, that may in fact be real, is not unique and runs through horror films- the shining, them, 12 monkeys, etc, this film is a near twin of a classic- american werewolf in london...this is such a near miss though.  the murders and murder of an insane and suicidal man should be a very sad story, but cage makes it hollow.   'wolf' is somewhat of a remake, if 'remake' is to take a flawed film and find ways to make it worse.  ..if this is the journal of a madman, cage seems to think he is in a comedy.  ..if it is a comedy, it is not funny
a let down for a vampire movie.i am a fan of vampire movies and collect them, from humorous to frightening.  this movie was a let down.  this was exactly what i would expect to find in a bargain bin, but definitely not at the price it is offered here.  i am, also, a nicolas cage fan.  i collect movies he stars in and so far, until this movie arrived, i can't say that i was ever let down by one of them.  to say this was a bit bizzare is an understatement.  you never really know if he is just crazy and imaging things or if it is really happening to him.  it is hokie to the point of not being humorous, just very bad.  my daughter loves hokie and even she walked out the room even though i suffered until the end.  i bought this based on the fact that it is a vampire movie and nicolas cage stars in it.  even the trailer for this movie had to be edited in a way to make it sound interesting.  if you watch it, you will notice how scenes were taken out of content to make it look better than it really was.  throughout the movie, nicholas cage had an on again off again accent that sounded like it was suppose to be british.  word of advice, don't waste your money
kathy smith: choppy, loud and terrible!!.i agree with june 26 review....except i am going to say it better...her instruction---sucks!..most irritating is the fact that she yells!...i don't find that particuliarly motivating.  in fact--"i find it quite distracting" (can you hear me now!!?)..and the moving all over the 'friggin' place as she is lifting---is also distracting and nerve racking to say the least...i was never a fan of hers anyway but i needed a routine (and still do now) for a free weights program.  ..this...definitely (4 me that is...) isn't it...if i didn't mind paying shipping and handling again...i send it back to the seller (bless his/her ole' heart...they got it to me sooo fast)...with no expectation of a refund.  ..that's right...they could have this s%$! back fuh' free!!!
don`t try to use weights kathy.this was one of the worst tapes i have ever done.this is no quik fix program.i don`t think kathy smith is that good of an instructer.she break this workout down into two parts,i on`t like that sort of thing.i did the whole 60 minute tape,i was not pleased.i think she is not clear with her instructing.back in the day kathy smith didn`t even use weights.she is just trying to copy the firm.i don`t like her old tapes either.i thought this was terrible and i would not do it again
re-packaging the same old product.i liked this workout the first time i bought it as her fatburning workout.  the second time i bought it re-packaged i thought it was a fluke. this time i bought this since it sounded more like weight training and less like circuit training, so it must be different.  nope.  i have 5 kathy smith videos, all three with different titles and covers only three different contents. i feel this is highly unethical and contacted her company.  one month later and i have yet to receive a response.
disappointing..i love the a-team, but this box set left me disappointed. the description stating dolby digital 2.0 for the audio track is misleading since the audio is in mono, not stereo. i was also hoping there would be "some" extras in the set in addition to just the episodes
george later hated this series.....it's a little known fact but george peppard later said in interviews that he hated this series, frequently did not get along with his co-stars (particularly mr.t) and hate the child scripts that stephen candell would turn out each week.   it's easy to see why, two of the actors; mr.t and dirk benedict really could not act and did not work on anything big after this show fizziled out in 1985.  dwight schultz did continue to work and turned up in supporting roles in various tv movies and films, so he at least had some acting talent to speak of, but really the only real star of this series was george peppard, and his more memmorial tv work should be as the private insurance investigator, benecheck.
well done movie....... but is is not the truth. since the wall fell, we have learned that old joe was right. hey, i bet in a few years clooney will make a film about how honest and truthful bill clinton was
ugh! no!.statutory rape is not funny! neither  is bad acting or pretentious scripts! (well, okay they are--but unintentionally)....would have been sexy and funny if: ..oscar was 18..oscar was not a pretentious ass..oscar's stepmom was lena olin, and oscar was played by topher grace...gawd! why can't i get paid to churn out mindless crap like this??? yes, i could do this movie better. i would dump the steady cam, for starters...aaah! end pretentious crap movies! just say no
terrible.this movie was terrible.  the only reason im giving it any stars is because i love tupac but thats it.this movie basically has no story line. if you want to see a good tupac movie then you go buy juice. i think u will enjoy that alot more than u will in this movi
strong anthropology ignores scripture in favor of fictional conflict and drama. too bad..the story of ruth is the telling of the story of ruth, the grandmother of king david (versus goliath, etc.) and an ancestor of jesus christ himself. unfortunately, the film ends up being a very badly missed opportunity to make a great bible movie, but it fails miserably by missing the overall message despite its attention to other bible verses and historical details!..the cast, costumes, and sets are all great. the problem is the writing. they spend the first hour making up a non-biblical origin for ruth, as an orphaned  girl sold to the cult of chemosh in moab. she grows to adulthood as a priestess in a cult that sacrifices a child to a stone statue annually. ..the movie introduces many characters named in the bible's book of ruth. naomi is the mother of mahlon. mahlon is a statue artisan who repairs chemosh statues even though he is repelled by the concept of child sacrifice. ruth learns about the god of israel from the israelite named mahlon, and they marry, sort of, after an hour's worth of dramatic plot twists which all have nothing to do with the bible story of ruth. maybe it all could have been a reasonable setup for ruth's origin, if only the second hour would have finally brought out the correct bible story...instead, the second hour is re-written so that boaz has a modern, romantic tension between himself and ruth, while ruth is being courted by her legal next-of-kin. in the bible, this unnamed next-of-kin wants ruth, but quickly declines when boaz reminds him that he will be raising a heritage for the deceased mahlon. ruth and boaz finally end up right, but the story inbetween is foolishly re-written, so this movie ultimately fails as a bible story retelling. ..a major element in the second hour is that ruth is accused of being an idolator, a former priestess of chemosh, and the people protest for her death sentence...the film has lots of small bible verses portrayed correctly, but it totally screws up the major story arc. they show the scene and dialogue when ruth decides to join naomi to return to her homeland, and naomi's god will be ruth's god, etc. they also show other details, like exchanging sandals as part of a business deal, which is in the bible, and one of my favorite amusing, ancient cultural moments in scripture. the movie has many of the pieces but the puzzle is not put together to resemble the bible story, not nearly enough...it is strange that the film makers seemed to have done their homework so well concerning the culture of the moabites who worship chemosh, but then they screw up the simple story of ruth from the actual bible, which is the name of the darn movie in the first place! ..there is a much better ruth story on dvd, which is an animated claymation 30 minute story, but is totally accurate to the bible! testament: the bible in animation - ruth, (1996). this animated version of ruth is super cute as well as super faithful to the actual bible story and details. this animated dvd is excellent and worth your time and money. if you like the cute claymation style of rudolph the red nosed reindeer and the little drummer boy chrismas classics, then you will love this animated ruth dvd! get that instead! ..the story of ruth, this dvd, is only of interest to the most hardcore bible dvd collector, who needs to have it on their dvd shelf. it will gather dust
i've tasted better, way better....major disappointment. maynard's head has swelled to magnificent proportions thus he forced his band-mates into this pile of dung just because he can. not only was this album/dvd completely rushed and way less-than-perfected, i found it odd that in a chat with maynard on october 29, 2003 he stated the following regarding the 13th step, "i'm not thinking about that right now. i'm on the delivery table crowning ... breathing hard ... delivering my new baby ... and you're asking me if i'm going to have another baby someday". but yet emotive was rushed to be released in time for 2004 elections. ..maybe mr. keenan should heed his own advice: "you are always responsible for your own actions, so choose them wisely".
not much cop.think of the most pretentious thing you can, please. but think carefully. think along the lines of that red haired woman who appears and talks rubbish occasionally on critical mass, or of geraldine doogue (sic) discussing the afterlife on compass with some vicars (sorry, non australian readers!). then double that level of pretension and you'll be approaching the near toxic amounts  of utter codswallop to be seen on this, maynard james keenan's latest excursion into the world of pointless obscurism. look, matey, like it or not, this is heavy metal. therefore i want, no i need, explosions, lots of lights, walls of marshalls and some gratuitous blood. this has none of those things. just a short little whiny man in a wig boring the pants off of everyone who comes into contact with him. of course, if you're a fan, you'll lap up every second. but you'll get what you deserve. i promise
too slow.i was very disappointed in this movie.  i thought it was slow moving and found myself contunually calling up the display to see how much longer it lasted.  the grandfather has such a heavy accent that i missed a lot of what he was saying but didn't want to drag out the movie by playing it back. i have seen many fantasies in my time but this one left me cold. didn't like!  i was sure glad i had gotten it from the library and not bought it
clueless ......who ripped off who? emma or clueless?  the entire time i'm watching this movie i'm wondering when alicia silverstone is going to pop up.  i keep thinking "there's got to be something different coming up" but no... it was pretty much the same exact plotline.  i love gwyneth - but i was not impressed with emma
bored to tears..i hate to give emma one star because i think paltrow's performance is flawless and love that british accent she piles on but emma was so boring, pretentious and completely dowdy as can be. i guess the language just threw me for a loop, too wordy, bland and pointless to me. it's a shame because i thought emma was going to be a great film, damn those critics! sorry gwyneth, you are a great and talented actress but there is nothing to swoon over this drab film. i recommend some other paltrow films instead: shallow hall, sylvia, proof and sliding doors (welcome back british accent!) emma will have you drowsy after the first thirty minutes, yawn!!!!!!!!!!
shallow.this production is okay--not a complete waste of time, but not great either. overall, the script is a very shallow translation of the book, particularly regarding jane fairfax and frank churchill.  .though ewan mcgregor is pretty forgettable as frank churchill (partly because of the script), and toni collette seems to be less harriet smith and more forrest gump at some points, there are still some excellent performances.  gwyneth paltrow does well with the material (such as it is), and she works well with jeremy northam (mr. knightly).  i especially enjoyed juliet stevenson as mrs. elton and the real-life mother and daughter team of phyllida law and sophie thompson as mrs. and miss bates...overall, this production looks pretty, but it's austen for the masses.  people who enjoy watching movies with a historical feel and aren't particular about literary sources will probably enjoy it.  for the rest of us, i recommend the production of emma staring kate beckinsdale.
where's soccormania?.this dvd was released everywhere in the world with the rare tv special "sports goofy in soccormania".   ..a 30 min special.   it was removed from the american release...why they did this is unknown...the dvd lost 30 min and we lost a rare cartoon the rest of the world gets but not america!..thanks alot disney
a sad, tragic movie.in this classical romeo and juliet tale, tita (lumi cavazos) and pedro (hunky-marco leonardi) seem destined to marry until her evil-hearted mother elena (regina torne), forbids it because of some silly family tradition. tita, the youngest, is to take care of elena until she dies. so, she marries pedro off to her daughter rosaura(yareli arizmendi). pedro's reasoning is that he can be near tita but it presents a host of problems. tragedies beset this family as well. the lovers though, overcome all of it and after rosaura's death--finally have the chance to express their love for each other. but, how tragic--so enters fate. this is a foreign film with english subtitles. and, this review refers to the 105 minute dvd. at first i gave it two stars, but it's perhaps a four star movie for drama and effects. but, beware of nudity
fails to come to a boil.laura esquivel made the mistake of having her husband direct the cinematic version of her passionate,magical novel...lumi cavazos is a likeable tita,struggling with her forbidden passion for pedro.she's a sympathetic characterconveys her pain with her eyes.for a talented actress,i wonder what has become of her since...marco leonardi is not as sympathetic as pedro.he comes across as a cheating scoundrel,causing pain for both his wifehis forbidden lover.one wonders why tita loves him so much,except that it's forbidden.marco leonardi is,however,being true to the book.he uses tita for his own pleasure;instead of bravely marrying her,he is a coward in marrying her sistercheating on her...the movie renders less magical,or powerful,the scenes in the book.instead of making it wildly colorful it has the sepia tones more fitting for a spaghetti western.one expects to see john wayne riding to tita's rescue...the magical scenes are hardly convincing,even for their time.the movie does have an excellent soundtrack.it's far inferior to the delectable,sensual novel
another set of "cut" episodes.this set was a gift.  i was amazed at how cheaply this series is now being produced. no artwork on the dvd, no artwork on the inside of the cases.  the worst of all is the fact that universal markets these sets as "complete  uncut".  they are not uncut. "last salute to the commodore" is missing more than 10 minutes of footage.  in the 1970s, commercial breaks did not run 25 minutes for a 2 hour program. that is common now, but not in the 70s. "commodore" runs just over 95 minutes. in a 2 hour slot, that leaves 25 minutes for commercials. as i said, not in the 70s.  the show is very jumpy because of the cuts. each of these episodes is heavily cut up. if you don't mind chopped up episodes, and cheaply done packaging, this set is for you. otherwise, look at the alternate sets being offered online by other providers. universal deserves no one's loyalty. universal is home of vast numbers of greed merchants
not even worth finishing.saw the previews of the first movie, but i wasn't expecting too much from that. i tried to finish both the first and the second, but that didn't work out too well...i felt these films didn't deserved to be watched all the way to the end. i don't know how some of y'all were able to sit through this poor excuse of a movie, and that includes the first. all i really have to say is you if you like this movie or maybe a better version of it...y'all should really consider watching cops and those insane police chases shown on tv. after all this is just another episode of cops with guest actors in it
what in the hell is this? this deserves no stars what so ever!.one hell of a waste of money! if you are expecting alot of the same charectors from the first movie like i was, you are in for a hell of a disappointment! the only reason why i think the first one was bad ass is cause vin diesel was in it, and yeah it was totally bad ass! i'll tell you one thing that this damn thing has in common with the first movie is that the only real cars were destroyed, in this movie you get two real cars this time, a 1969 camaro ss, and a 1970 dodge challenger r/t and they both get destroyed! who in their right mind would destroy those sexy cars! god all mighty! don't waste your money on this movie, i wouldn't take this disappointment if it was given to me! if you are wanting to buy a kick ass movie, buy frost bite! you won't be disappointed
a disappointment.first of all, i am a joy division and new order fan; therefore, i tried to like this.  really, i did.  ..sadly, this film stinks.  the focus is not on the bands themselves, but on the obnoxious character known as tony wilson.  what a monster!  either it was the actor's depiction or he does truly have a horrid personality in real life.  ..maybe i'm not british, but i did not find 24 hour party people to be very funny.  only a few scenes made me grin.  the randomness added very little to the overall quality of the film. ..in addition, the camera work was very jerky.  looked like it was done by a novice (and yes, i'm one myself, having made two movies)..the only redeeming aspect has to be the scenes with joy division.  too bad the members of this band are minor characters.  i can only hope that the biopic of ian curtis currently in production will be much, much better
don't waste your money on this one.talentless people and garbage music  torture you in this turkey-in no time flat,you'll be driven to pure insanity as you run screaming "make it stop!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" out into the yard.do not spend money on this product unless you want to wind up beating your head against the wall and babbling nonsense
could not get this to play.i purchased this dvd, and could not get it to play in my dvd player.  i sent it back for exchange, and received another identical disk that it too would not play.  i sent it back for a refund, and was never able to view it.  i never thought to try it in my computer, bur realize now that could have been the compatibility issue. oddly, the dvd has the symbol on it that it should work in any and all dvd players in the us..
beware............................................worst movie ever the creture on the front cover is not even in the movie you do not see the monster which is a beast until the last 15 minutes...do not waste your money on this home made movie  please take my word for it it is that bad...............the majority of the movie is talking.......
i didn't like it...simply put, i didn't like it. emma thompson was too old to play a 19 year old. not only did the movie leave out a/o change alot of what was written in the book the movie left out a/o changed the characters. so, once again i must say, i didn't like it..
an unrealistic and horrible influence on today's children..having a curiosity in the entertainment that kids and teens are being given today, i happened to watch this film on tv a few days ago...i could be biased and say that movies aren't what they use to be for kids, but this movie went beyond that. this film is a depressing example of how horribly some of today's youth is growing up. i would not recommend this film in anyway (unless for laughs at its stupidity). ..the film starts off with our four 'rich girl' characters strutting down the street with arrogance beyond words. the arrogance, perhaps a normal thing for some teenagers. however, these girls do appear to be filthy rich of which very few kids could relate to leaving them to wonder why can't they be rich little kids too?..the goal of these girls of course - to become famous pop-singers. an unrealistic dream for most but it seems to be a moral to the film: "to have a good life, you need to become famous"...the plot moral, not a great one. the characters little lessons, appalling...'raven' is so caught up in the 'becoming a pop-star' experience that she becomes completely self-absorbed. this is probably one of the few morals that are presented well. don't become a self-absorbed idiot...moving on. our second character fails entirely at bringing in any good ideals. after some time working on 'the cheetah girls' upcoming career she comes home to throw a tantrum about her mother not being there (rather, she's out with a boyfriend). the real-estate agent rings about her mother's interest in selling the house, the daughter picks up the phone, rudely yelling to the agent how this house is not for sale 'because i say so' in pure teen angst. now she decides to go out and abuse her mother's credit card for all the money it's worth because of this small episode...of course when mum comes home, she is not happy. but apparently it's all ok when the daughter cries out about how her mother should be there more for her. perhaps if this were a real case of child-neglect, this may be ok. but this kid was just a selfish brat who needs to find better ways to get over minor issues. ..i really hope kids won't think its ok to throw hissy fit next time they discover their parents had to go out....the next character is perhaps the most insulting to the 'real world'. raven makes an occasional comment to this character about how trashy their fashion looks (and yes, their fashion looks perfectly fine actually)...later in the film we realise that our 'trashy' girl is actually an orphan living in a poor foster home. it's a good idea; however, this girl looks nothing like a real 'poor' girl. perhaps a 'money isn't everything' moral would have fitted nicely here, but instead we're handed the perfect fix: get your rich friends to buy your clothes...the forth character i won't comment on as i can't remember anything significant about her...the process of becoming pop-stars of course, is very unrealistic, aside the sell-out factor and the lip-syncing...'the cheetah girls' are torn between following their original dream or selling-out just to get the exposure. their friendship hangs on the line because of this as raven refuses to compromise...we are given a few inspiring quotes from other characters about which road raven should take on this matter, then its all up to the wonderful climax to do the rest...the climax. toto has fallen in a hole and has got dirty (horrifying experience for a dog bearing a perly white coat)..poor raven is so frantic, this is obviously the worst kind of tragedy that could happen in life. god forbid we learn anything realistic like the death of a family member or even of this poor little pooch. perhaps in that case we'd even had the president of the united states turning up to comfort raven, but no, it's just a dirty dog stuck in a hole, it only calls for the whole neighbourhood, police, fire fights and the local television news crew. such a tragedy can only resolve in the reconciled friendship of 'the cheetah girls'...and there we have it. entertainment... maybe. any benefits otherwise, i would personally hope not, as they're not the kind of things i would like to see in kids and teenagers these days...normally, if this film was aimed at a higher audience (ha) i wouldn't see as much of a problem with it. but this was a disney film... you know, the ones that are meant to be inspiring to kids, or at least teach them some values in life? this just gave us an insight to disney's own greedy mind.
no talent high school girls acting their age.this was one of the worst group performances i have ever seen! unbelievable that disney has financed this "hack act". and the tread has only started with other weak talented groups coming out of disney. save your money for a better movie
the cheetah girls [2003].this movie has no plot. it rips off the books this movie wouldn't be popular if raven  wasn't in it. they think everything is a big deal and galleria is really stupid. read the books and don't bother with this annoying movie
fluffy, contrived crud..i'm not sure which is worse- the concept of the bar "coyote ugly." or the movie about it. i suppose both. a lot is made about piper parabo's performance, as it were. but i just don't see it. i mean, you'd have to be able to act to receive such an accolade. and in this movie, parabo is a strident, sell a little t and a as far as one can w/o becoming a stripper, with as much a grasp on the real world as 3rd grader. the movie is a toy for high school/college age mopes who find places where the worst kept secret in the bar business- hiring hotties to sucker young, naiive men into spending money they can't afford- interesting places to hang out at. this is "cocktail" in reverse, to an extent. this is one of those movies that creates a non-existing, pure utopia of a bar. the place where everyone basically laughs, cheers and sings in unison at a contrived, silly atmosphere that only exists in the minds of hollywood execs, and college campuses to a much lesser extent. the dialogue to is equal to that of "coctail"- pointless, been there before, dense dialogue. if you're young and have yet to be in touch with real life, see  this. it's a fantasy flick for escapism. if you're a quality film lover, run the other way
sexist film.okay this is just another film for guys to watch hot girls strut around.  there is supposedly some kind of moral to this story.  the only moral i can see is ...when you don't have a big enough brain, use your bod to get ahead.  screw college, screw learning there is more to you then your looks... looks don't fade, they last forever!  (right)  my boyfriend doesn't understand why i don't want to watch this movie every time it comes on tv.  because it perpetuates a thing women have been trying to get away from for thousands of years;  being judged as people who will use their looks instead of their brains to get what they want, being judged as nothing but a body and no more.  any thinking woman will not like this film and will not want any young girls she knows to watch it, either.  it is not a good example for the young women of today.
pure formula junk.this is the kind of film i get stuck watching on long plane rides and would never seek myself. it is such silly schlock that i marvel at how the hollywood mill can churn these things out and make money - it's really an industrial production process, geared to superficial viewers.  ..this is one of the basic plots.  the others include crippled boy, whose love of a dog or pony allows him to walk, love, or talk.  why do we keep watching this junk?  a video game at least offers some chance of a variation in outcome...ok, here goes:  beautiful girl with a dream, seeking big break, gets gig in a bar, handles it, meets boy who doesn't fit into plans, shakes it, shakes it more, shakes it a lot more, flirts with corruption, stays course, makes real friends, gets to know real self, grows.  oh, and then succeeds on her own terms...not recommended.  admittedly, the acting in not abysmal, but what a waste of time about lives that could never exist
men are pigs.this is one of those movies that really disgusts me in the way it depicts women stutting their stuff and men drooling over them... i absolutely hate these type of flicks. hey, with a little imagination you can pretend that you are at a strip bar and that they are taking 'em off just for you. i found myself looking for women in the bar. none. this is just pig s#*t. you are a jerk if you think this is cool. needless to say i did not care for it, and i very much appreciate hot women, don't get me wrong. this just sucked
best dvd ever??? umm, that would be a no.i cannot believe someone would come here and say its the best dvd ever and the best thing on tv in the past 50 years! i should sue that guy for my money back! talk about obsessive fans who need to get a life!!.the dvd? its a concert of a very young girl named hayley westerna from new zealand, that much should be obvious from the title. there are some good songs like both sides now and amazing grace and others i cant recall right away. mostly its very boring. her voice is pretty for certain and its a classy production and yet i was yawning throughout the whole thing. a guy did a duet with her and did his best to yell instead of sing. you have to see it to believe it. he yelled throughout the whole song. i had to turn the volume down by half just so it was bearable..now i am upset about purchasing this thinking it was going to be this grand musical experience according to prior posters, one whose name i wont utter but should be ashamed. upset to put it very very mildly. best dvd ever. best thing on tv in the past 50 years. right!!!! those extremist reviewers who have no life should not be allowed to post on here and i mean it. .almost half the songs were nice to listen to and the singer has a pleasant voice so i give it 2.5 stars. .oh, the extras. if you like there is a documentary on her and some really badly done videos.
sum of all stars? zero!.maybe no one noticed but towards the end of the movie when the russian president and jack ryan are talking to each other through the computer, repeat is spelled "reapeat".  on top of that, the acting was horrible...this movie didn't take itself seriously enough.  ben affleck sucked as much as he did in this movie as he did in pearl harbor
good supporting cast, lead man is lost.other reviewers who detail the silly political-correctness and faux-politics are right... this is clancy-for-dummies.  ford's jack ryan was sometimes a step behind, but in a believable way.  the audience was right beside ryan, and when he put 2 and 2 together and took action, boy, did he take action.  ben affleck's jack ryan is terminally lost, pouting and confused while the audience waits for him to figure things out and do something productive (or at least interesting?).  this is going to go down as the "star wars prequel" of clancy movies--the one you try to forget exists as part of the saga you love.
a merciful two star rating; look for future arena football def. coor. stan davis as 1 child actor  funny bit about cheap trick.surprisingly sleaze and chauvinism.by female director heckerling! she.duplicated it in chevy chase vehicle.national lampoon's european vacation.too! many child actors got their start.here, but the thing that cracked me up, .as i saw it when it came out (unfortu-.nately) was the dialog of my fav band,.cheap trick: ticket scalper "...the.magntism of robin zander and the .charisma of rick nielsen...and what.about the tunes, 'i want you to want.me, the dream police...nan-nan-nah,.'you're momma's alright, your daddy's.alright, they just seem a little weird,.surrender, surrender...", before he's .interrupted. if that isn't somebody's.idea of 'surrender', they've stumbled .onto this review by mistake
not much for laughs and even less for plot.wedding crashers is the kinda film alot of people will love because it is stupid but alot of others like myself, won't enjoy. two womanizers fall in love, one because he finds out that his gf is not actually a virgin, like first off, what does virginity have to do with love?  second, who would actually believe that she was telling the truth when she said that she was a virgin?  then owen wilson's character fall in love with rachel's mcadams character and well, that's the usual predictable romance plot. the problem with this film is it's not that funny. it seems to think it's better then it is. i don't think i hardly laughed during this film. the part about the "supposive" gay guy like people think he is gay so therefore of course, because it's this kind of film, he ends up being gay and of course, he tries to hit on vince vaughn's character in a scene that is beyond creepy. lets just say that "gay" guy is prob one of the worst actors i've seen.  then we get a cameo from will ferrell, alot of people i know find this guy "so" funny. but i don't get it. it just wasn't funny to me. u know, i loved the classic, "american pie" that was just stupid for its own good but it delivered the goods to make it a great comedy! this film wasn't so much funny as stupid.  for the most part, i'm not going to remember this film in 5 years from now because it's just an average film
shallow character development and unconvincing hawke.since the credits indicate the screenplay was written by delpy and hawke along with linklater, maybe it's too much to expect that self-absorbed actors would be able to accurately write about real and interesting people. while delpy's celine does have a few sparks of genuine insight (e.g. learning who you really are when you're not distracted by tv, shopping, etc.), hawke's jesse relies too much on cliches (e.g. marriage because of pregnancy eventually becomes bad marriage with little/no sex, etc.). ..delpy at least appeared to try to play a flawed but genuine celine whereas hawke's jesse was just too cool. he looked like he had adhd and could barely wait for her to finish her lines, so he could throw out his single entendres. i agree with the other reviewer who thought the movie felt like a painfully long and awkward date...what's so irritating about movies like this is how they try to make "real life" seem so meaningless while idealizing some unattainable fantasy--like somehow it's more romantic to experience a few hours of happiness with a complete stranger every 15-20 years while you marry and spend your life with someone you don't really love. ugghhh!!! ..if you want to watch a movie about dysfunctional people, then rent/buy mike nichol's "closer" where flawed but interesting characters are portrayed with sometimes painful realism. closer doesn't try to romanticize the "love of your life" but rather show that what people expect from love may differ. maybe linklater, delpy, and hawke have never experienced real love, which is why they can't really write about it.
blind buy gone wrong.i bought this without previously knowing anything about it, not knowing it was a sequel. i was taken in by the title, and the blurb. that's it. it sounded like a really romantic film, one that i might identify with, as i've always wondered what would happen if i met my first love again, if i would have the same feelings. after watching the very, very long trailer, i was slightly disappointed, and i only managed to half an hour into the film, before i started to doze off. it's so incredibly boring! and although i wouldn't say i normally mind "real time" films, it's all set in the mid-late afternoon, a very dull time of day if you ask me. it was the only time of day director richard linklater would shoot the scenes in the film. he felt it added to the reality of the film, and often relied on the actors to get perfect takes at the right time, and it shows, as it was shot in a mere 15 days...but it's nothing but talk and meandering around parisian streets in the parts i watched. i just didn't identify with it. nothing happened. and i hated the two actors. i don't normally like ethan hawke anyway, but i thought i might be able to ignore this, but no i disliked julie delpy too...i wouldn't recommend this film to anyone, although i know other reviewers are gonna disagree with me, but it just wasn't what i expected.
steer clear of this ed sullivan release!!.when they originally aired this sullivan christmas special on network television a few years ago, it was packed with oldie rock 'n roll clips as well as old sullivan holiday clips. on the tv special were classic performances by neil diamond, the animals, petula clark, sam  dave, etc etc. for some reason they wiped all of those great clips and left only the christmas-oriented performances on the dvd release. on other sullivan dvd releases, they released pretty much the same content as the tv specials. i cry foul on this one!
what a waste.this movie had many of the ingredients to make it truly great, including a phenomenal cast, lead by cate blanchett, and great scenery and cinematography. the actors playing elizabeth, cecil, and walsingham spoke and acted admirably, each phrase spoken with such honesty and feeling, but the words themselves rendered the performances useless. the director and the author of the script greatly misunderstood the characters and the material. they should have read elizabeth the first's biography by elizabeth jenkins. it is useless to say a movie does not need to be historically accurate but has only to entertain: had the author and director been more historically accurate, they would not have created the unbelievable character they created in elizabeth, who is in turn hysterical, defeatist, overbearing, childish, tyrannical, who never shows her core intelligence, her great love of her people, who had a private core described by her motto "semper eadem", be always one. elizabeth ruled with her advisors, she was not totally ruled by them. she would not have put up with norfolk screaming at her across the council table, nor would burleigh have allowed it. cate blanchett's wonderful acting and presence were pearls thrown before swine, wasted on a character portrayal that totally lacked any integrity, much less truth. how could the director think that the woman he was trying to portray was any kind of real woman? the ending had me blushing with embarassment for one and all. we are laughably given william cecil as wimpy and ineffective, and walsingham as the mastermind behind the throne. one of the reviews said that the director inspired rush to play walsingham much like the hindu god krishna. i suggest that he should have first read some english history
elizabeth the silly school girl.a work of fiction is a great thing, but to take the life of a famous historical character and potray it as accurate is wrong.  why not just make up a story with no historical basis
poor history and a screenplay over-dramatic.i'm glad someone knows enough about english history to recognize the pure fiction of this film.  but in addition to points made about historical inaccuracy, i also had to object to the ridiculous portrayal of mary tudor.  over-zealous and fanatic (as was a common religious stance in those times - promoted by both sides of the protestant/catholic conflict), she was not insane as the film makes her in the opening scenes.  and throughout the film, there was this emphasis on milking the passions for all they are worth - no objectivity whatsoever.  i was sorely disappointed!..if you want to get to know elizabeth and the period in which she lived, i would recommend the superb bbc series, elizabeth r with glenda jackson.  and if you want even further background, look to the bbc again in the six wives of henry viii with keith mitchell.  tidbits can be gained as well from the movie mary, queen of scots (although a few historical inaccuracies can be found in it - for example, mary stuart and elizabeth never met, although it was mary's great desire) and even another title, anne of the thousand days.  those two more theatrical representations fulfill the desire for the more dramatic while still coming closer to the history of the times.  this film just doesn't cut it
tawdry choices for the brat pack....i was excited to see this until i found out which movies would be included. weird science? come on. it should have been the breakfast club, pretty in pink and st. elmo's fire
yet another.recent scholarship has determined the chinese invented the lightbulb in 1800 bc, the internal combustion engine in 2200 bc, and established a world wide grid of radio communication satellites in 650 ad...all this without any systematic mathematics...hurrah for the chinese.  alas, like the records of the above globe trotting oriental sailor, all the information and data concerning said miracles of intellectual invention have disappeared, somewhere either burnt, or submerged in tar.  but speculation continues.  meanwhile, spaghetti was invented there, without which no italy would have arisen.  ..oh, and crackers, they invented crackers, and bed posts first
the hallmark of a pseudo-scientist.there is nothing wrong with the form of this documentary: it is well presented with great cgis, narration and overall structure - hence it is worth at least two stars (whatever this stars rating business means)...the problem is the substance: it is simply not there. menzies is one of those pseudo-scientists (as he is indirectly described by one of his opponents) that are in love with their own baseless theory and are not prepared to question its validity regardless of the absence of evidence corroborating it or the presence of evidence contradicting it...i think a true scientist should not be emotionally attached to any theory and should simply be involved with the process of discovering evidence. menzies, starts off with his conclusion (rather than ending with it) and fumbles his way backwards trying to find evidence to support it. when all alleged evidence is demolished, he arrogantly states that he will not budge, "one millimetre" as he puts it, from his theory and that, in time, everyone will accept it as a fact that the chinese were the first to discover america...a true scientist, even in the presence of evidence substantiating his/her viewpoint, always keeps an open mind and is prepared to accept the eventuality that they may be proved wrong in the future. menzies does exactly the opposite: with no evidence on his side, he refuses to admit even for a second that he just may be wrong...it saddens me that by simply engaging in what is nothing short of unsubstantiated verbal diarrhoea, menzies - not a scientist but, at best, a qualified mariner - managed to make a buck on his book and that pbs, helped him earn some more on the back of his childish theory by making a documentary on him. the feeling one gets at the end, is that pbs ran out of ideas for their next production and decided to make a meal out of this chap's air-ology...whilst visually pleasing, this pbs production is in substance a waste of time to watch, as it is neither educating nor troubling the mind of the viewer
where's the bass?????????.in both performances, the mix has rendered john entwistle's bass inaudible.  it sucks.  the only place you can hear it is during the solos in underture from tommy and 5:15 from quadrophenia...i saw the live performances and the bass cuts through like a 747 going overhead.  it doesn't on the dvd.  infact, you wouldn't even know entwistle's there.  r.i.p., john
the star wars trilogy... not.these are not the original theatrical realeases. in addition to the changes made in the special edition versions of the films, american cinematographer noted in their review of the dvd release that they had gone so far as to change the color-timing of the transfer so that the color scheme more closely resembled the more recent prequels. though they are an impressive technical achievement, i'll be buying the academy award winning films that i saw when i was younger
lucas strikes!.note: this review is not about the trilogy (which is great). this review is about the many dvd releases...the worst thing that ever happened to george lucas is when peter jackson released the extended version of lotr. jackson showed fans we could demand, expect, and receive more from hollywood. the impact of peter jackson sent shock waves among fans, who released a four-disc edition of one of the greatest movies of all time. even old hollywood guards, like ridley scott and james cameron (no surprise they are not americans) took notice and improved their dvd releases. this change has been powerful, except in the case of lucas and to some degree his pal steven spielberg, who continues to stick to their old habits by being dinosaurs when it comes to business and satisfying the consumers. ..the many re-releases shows greediness, stubbornness, and lack of respect for fans. no one is upset with him for cleaning up the original version, but please allow fans to have the 1977 version and the updated version with better picture and sound quality. in addition, please stop using the "limited edition" you like to use to get fans to buy new copies of star wars; it is both false and tiring. release these films in anamorphic widescreen with 5.1 surround sound and allow the 1977 version of the movie be release...lucas's creditability has gone downhill to some degree because he is only known for his star war movies. unfortunately, his latest releases have only damaged him further because the quality of the prequels has been less than stellar. his shady practice of video/dvd releases of his past glory has resulted in some fans losing respect for him...one must wonder what went through lucas mind when peter jackson won an academy award for best director and not him. maybe if he focus on making quality films (like he once did) and not playing the dvd re-re-re-release game, then he could win one.
if you want to see dune, watch the miniseries.ug. i really dislike this movie. dune is one of my favorite books, and this movie totally ruined it. it is boring, confusing, unfaithful to the book, and just plain badly done. if you want to see the real dune, watch the amazing miniseries done by sci-fi channel and it's sequel, children of dune. both are much better done and much more faithful to the source material
too bad there isn't a 'no stars' option..don't be fooled!!!!  the page states that david lynch directed this, but he actually took his name off (look at the screen shot).  this extended edition was directed by alan smithee.  don't worry though . . . it gets worse...i don't normally write reviews, but i feel compelled to in this case, so here it goes...first off, i loved the books and david lynch's interpretation in the theatrical release.  ..that being said, this is just aweful.  i totally agree with those who have stated that this is an abomination.  cons include, but are not limited to:..good scenes cut from the theatrical.bad voice over with storyboards for much of the 'extra footage'.uneven quality and clumsy transitions to new material.the list goes on...do yourself a favor and don't spend the money on this.  just get the theatrical release and be happy.  if you didn't like david lynch's interpretation, then just take the time and pleasure to read the book again...i can't believe they actually released this.  i totally understand david lynch taking his name off of this...-sincerely,.-
i'm a big fan of this movie but....... the extended version of the film has some serious problems. i bought this dvd after waiting years for a more complete version to come out. sadly side two of this single disc release has some serious errors. around halfway through the film my copy would pause for a few minutes, eventually skip forward, pause,play, pause, skip forward, and then it would eventually play normally with a few more pauses. after looking online i found that this problem seems to be very common due to how the disc was made. so to wrap this up, i'm a fan of the movie, but this dvd is sold to you broken thanks to universal studios messing it up
meh.this is intimidatingly fast paced, but i suppose it has to be since it's over instantaneously. you barely have time to think about working up a sweat and already the end credits are rolling by. i'm too uncoordinated to benefit from this. i prefer the ellen barrett led crunch dvds and the firm series.
not good!.whoa! what flimsy piece of television journalism...this biography episode manages to make the life of juilia child boring and dull. my guess is that the producer has never cooked a meal in his/her life and thinks of julia child a big lady with a funny voice. ..please just by julia's my life in france autobiograpy. ..it's a fast, inspiring read any night and day from this hackish disservice to one of the most important figures in american culinary history
two sided dvd hades.i love columbo.  i have seasons 1, 2, 3 and 4.  season three is the only set on double sided dvds as far as i can tell. it freezes and locks up on all my dvd players in the house. this needs to be made into a 4 disk set.  universal should redo this season and give everyone a swap out.  this should be like a recall with no questions asked.  if i had to do it over i would not buy the third season...with all that said, the episodes are just great
sexually explicit but bland.pushing the envelope for explicit, over the counter home videos, 9 songs (tartan) is about one year of sex and rock'n roll in the life of two lovers.  ..matt is a young glaciologist.  he meets lisa at a london rock concert.  that night they start an affair.  in between attending more concerts, they make passionate love.  it's for real and explicit.  nine live-concert song footage is intercut with their coke-snorting, sexual encounters creating a sometimes ironic reflection of their intense physical but otherwise rather bland relationship.  and finally, all this takes place in the memory of matt as he flies across the vast frozen wastelands of the south pole.  ..this unscripted film is part musical, part drama, part documentary and part performance.  it raises questions about the difference between pornography and art. controversial and much buzzed about, this not fully satisfying experiment is of interest mainly as a novelty item by a usually innovative and creative director for what it could have been.  and of course the sex.  a special feature eliminates everything but the concert performances.
boring.well if this movie had a story then i must have missed it because there is none no matter how you look at it. they don't even fully play the 9 songs and the sex scenes are pornographic that's true but it would have made sense if they were within some kind of context and no there is nothing shocking (as one of the reviewer declared) about 2 people having sex...i don't recommend it
nope.i was not into this movie at all.  my mother recommended it to me but it was lame all the way through.  a middle-aged man decides he wants to do something different with his life, so he takes a dance class.  ofcourse there's a fine dance instructor, a crush is pursued, a wife gets jealous, hires a detective, and *gasp* his crush is found out.  the movie was too predictable and it just wasn't for me.  not a bad movie, just not my cup of tea.  richard gere was cute as usual, which was the only thing that made me watch it to the end, besides wanting to know what a correct quick step looked like since "so you think you can dance" never had contestants who mastered it
smoke and mirrors.robin trower has really lost a lot of his playing ability, same sound but no blazing licks and just a lot of trickery. two stars for the music and his new vocalist is quite good
surprisingly bad.i bought this because it is made by cannon movie tales and i love "puss in boots", which they also made.  because "puss in boots" was so good, i thought this would be, too.  alas, i was disappointed.  "red riding hood" has almost no relation to the story we are all familiar with.  the plot in the actual fairytale is more of a parenthetical remark than the main story line in this movie.  add to this that the acting was rather painful and the special effects were anything but special and you are left with 1 star.  the one thing it had going for it was that it was perfectly clean and not very scary for youngsters.  since small children are easier to please in the cinematic area than adults, perhaps they would still enjoy this adaptation to "little red riding hood"
unsubstantial flash.it was very disappointing to see major actors, cinematographers, and editors doing a good job with decidedly sub-rate material. the film looks much, much better than its story. one begins to have doubts when this family of "geniuses" reveal little intellectual heft in conversation and interaction. the paltrow character is a virtual cipher whose only talent seems to be finding stashes for her cigarettes, despite her promotion as a "prodigy". the purported love triangle has no apparent basis, in other words, the audience is told to accept the premise without evidence. the problem is that this film was written by people who are not professional, creative writers. characters must be shown to be "interesting", "conflicted", "in-love", "suicidal", etc. by their words and actions, not simply because we are told they are. this can only be accomplished by subtle and clever writing, which is wholly absent here
anderson begins to lose his grip.the first few times i saw this film, i thought it was great.  the use of music, the color, the sets, i thought they were all wonderful...then i saw films by the directors anderson was copying.  now, immitation is the sincerest form of flattery, and this is prevelant in the coen brothers' first 8 films, but anderons just relies on the ideas of others, hoping people will buy them as his own...the use of color-kubrick.the seemingly lifeless character-name a french new wave director, you got it.the use of music-jarmusch..so, all in all, this is basically anderon's "hey, look at the directors i like, and watch me try to copy them." film
first moonstruck-now moonstink.despite the talented cast this is perhaps the most ridiculous film ever.a goofy hippy copy laughs along the way trying to catch an eleven murder serial killer.this writer did moonstruck, but this is moonstink.seeing rod steiger with this material is a tragedy.the case is a joke, the characters are impossibly lame, and the dialogue would gag a collie.this film is worth seeing only to gain appreciatiation for the value of screenwriters.no amount of acting talent can lift this turkey out of the bankok privey.i just watched this film and at the conclusion i just sat there with my mouth open not believeing how bad the film was.saradon, keitel,kline, steiger, and rickman....will try and forget this dog their entire lives. i cannot imagaine how any studio or distributing company let this turkey reach the public.have i gotten the point accross that the film is weak....i hope so.if i could give it zero stars or even better, minus eleven stars, i would
even a great cast can't help a bomb.wow, what a stinker! kevin kline, harvey keitel and alan rickman can't save this movie.  poorly written, poorly directed, and terribly acted.  one would expect rod steiger to go over the top, but danny aiello is just as bad.  stay away from this.  i paid about $2 for the dvd and felt i overpaid.  hard to believe i wasted perfectly good electricity to witness this drivel.  did i mention the movie was lousy
what a waste!.it's difficult to believe that john patrick shanley, shortly after winning an oscar for "moonstruck," penned this abominable movie.  what was he thinking?  "the january man" tries to be a comedy, a mystery, a romance, and a thriller, but it fails miserably on all levels...with an all-star cast including kevin kline, alan rickman, rod steiger, susan sarandon, and harvey keitel, you'd think this would be a gem.  alas, it's just a big mess with an implausible storyline, awful dialogue, and no chemistry between the actors...it's rare and appalling to see so much talent produce so poor of a movie
over-acted..i'll tell you the truth - i purchased this film only so i could say i now own every movie alan rickman has ever done.  he, as any fan will tell you, brings vivid life to every character he does.  his portrayal of ed the artist is absolutely what i expected - well done, although the part was small...now, for the rest of the movie.  i have never witnessed overacting like this in my life -- not even on the high school stage.  the plot was thin and disjointed, (what do virgo, prime numbers and neil sedaka all have in common?  did i miss something?) and the scene where they finally catch the murderer is some of the worst acting i've seen...i've given it two stars strictly because of alan rickman's involvement in the film and because i did stick it out until the end.  if you are a fan, rent this just to hear him say, "don't molest anything-"..
what went wrong?.what in the world happened with this clunker?  you have a script from oscar winning writer john patrick shanley (moonstruck); a cast any director would die for; and an initially interesting premise.  but even with all that, the january man is not a good movie.  shanley's script is so disjointed and the only attempt at comedy seems to be kline's physical confrontation with the killer.  it takes the movie at least thirty minutes to focus on the killings, and even then, it plods along.  shanley may have tried to hard to force the genres to work, and it shows.  and director pat o'connor should be required to do community service for his mishandling of this talented cast.  kevin kline, usually a strong presence in any film, plays nick starkey like it was an after school special--bland, unfocused and murky.  susan sarandon, who has won an oscar, tries to be a kind of julia roberts femme fatale, but she's about as seductive as a seahorse.  rod steiger and danny aiello overact so badly, it's hard to believe these gentlemen have given us such good work in the past.  harvey keitel needs to play villains if this is how he chooses to embody a "good guy" for a change.  alan rickman's ed is stereotypical artiste, but he at least adds some needed color to the movie.  and mary elizabeth mastroantonio is pathetically dull and lethargic..the january man could have been a good thriller, but under o'connor's awful direction and shanley's poorly developed script, it merely becomes one of those classic examples of a good movie gone bad
the world is either great or wretched, isn't it?.comedy?  thriller?  suspense?  i guess that these are all words or genres that you could use to describe this film.  i would use these words if i wanted to gloss over the true feeling of this film.  i would use these words if i had to sell this wallow-some film to a distributor who didn't know any better.  i would use these words lightly, because if i ever believed them the battle would be forever lost.  this was not a comedy.  it was not a thriller.  it definitely was not a suspense.  so, what was it?  after viewing this film i came to the conclusion that the january man reminded me of a puzzle put together by a two-year-old.  while all the pieces were in the box to put together, sadly the infant size brain of the child chose to smash the pieces together instead of place them in corresponding orders.  thus, you have a jumbled mess with wedged pieces of what could have been an overall beautiful picture.  with poor acting, a confusing plot that literally went nowhere and an ending that felt forced and premature, one can see that this puzzle is unfixable by even the best puzzler in the world.  if i were those involved with the creation, i would definitely be ashamed...to begin, what was wrong with the actors?  nobody seemed like they were giving 10% much less 50% of their effort for this film.  even the great ones like keitel, kline, and sarandon felt like they were walking through the motions with equally confused eyes and hearts.  kline's new york accent faded in and out throughout the film giving us no glimpse of his actual character.  his role was never fully defined, so the other half of the time that we watch him on screen we just don't care about him at all.  this was one of the worst leading characters of all time.  thankfully, a completely miscast team that seemed more interested in the money than actually "acting" backs him up.  keitel was horrible in this film.  i am a huge fan of his body of work, but in this one he walked, talked, and gave those emotionless eyes a rest.  he provided nothing of value to this production.  the same can be said about sarandon, whose character seemed unfocused and undervalued, and mary elizabeth mastrantonio, who never really got her feet wet in hollywood until maid marion arrived at her doorstep.  alan rickman was wasted, as well as the one-leveled voices of danny aiello and rod steiger whose only direction from pat o'conner was to yell.  in other words, if you are interested in seeing this film for the acting, you will be greatly disappointed...second, perhaps the acting can be overlooked by a strong story line?  wrong!  this was the most convoluted script that i have ever seen hollywood produce.  we spend the first forty minutes learning about an event that happened two years ago that is never fully explained anyway.  it reminded of those times that the teacher would say in class that we should all listen up because this wasn't going to be on the test.  then why bother.  this set the spiraling downfall for the rest of the film.  this unavailable information also lead to some pretty choppy chemistry between the actors.  i never say kline and keitel as brothers.  i never saw the relationship with sarandon possible.  in fact, now that i think about it, i didn't see any of the actors meshing well together because they were working with a script that was focused on all the wrong parts.  eventually, the january man gets so caught up on this secondary story that we find ourselves rushed into an ending and a solution that seems laughable instead of plausible.  we even have a villain that is so confusing that i don't even think he knew what he was doing in the film.  the final thirty minutes of this film were the worst parts of this movie, second to all the parts before that.  whoever wrote this script must have just forgotten the basic rules of storytelling because nothing meshed well at all...finally, i would have to comment that the marketing for this film could feel like a cheated ticket to some filmgoers.  after reading some reviews for this film, i was expecting to find myself chuckling out loud at the antics of kevin kline and his spin on the world of investigation.  i was wrong.  there was no humor in this film at all.  even when o'conner tried to bring some in, it seemed forced and unhealthy.  i must repeat, this is not a comedy.  it even isn't really that suspenseful, nor is the thrilling aspect actually that thrilling.  i must admit that whomever sold this film to a company under the guise that it was a comedy should be awarded the "best salesman of the decade" award.  somebody believed this film was funny and even pasted a preview to it with the word "comedy" written all over it.  someone sold the company a broken product ... hook, line, and sinker.  i just ask you to beware...overall, this film was horrible.  from the poor acting, the cryptic story that needed some form of decoder ring to understand, the passionless actors, to the harshly branded word "comedy", january man proves that not all films should be made and that an advanced screen process should be used regularly.  i genuinely encourage you to skip this film.  no good will come of you watching this mess.  i promise...grade: * out of ****
worst film i have ever seen in my whole life.january man is a film is a must see if you need to to update your film evaluation measurement scale. it is the absolute worst. you can then use it as a benchmark to reconsider other bad movies you may have seen..as i assume many others, i was attracted to the purchase based on the superstar cast. if one were to read the fine print, however, you could get a hint that something is wrong when you see that the film lasts 1 1/2 hours only. unfortunately i did not read the fine print. .this film is so absurd and bad that you truely need to wonder about the people who have posted the other reviews. probably friends and family of the filmamaker
contrived, implausible crime drama."four brothers" is yet another nail in the coffin of john singleton's increasingly moribund moviemaking career.  the director - who burst upon the scene in 1991 with the vibrant and gritty "boyz n the hood" - has here mounted a film so burdened by implausibility and contrivance that it makes one wonder if the once-promising filmmaker will ever be able to get back on track again.  the story, reeking of artificiality, features mark wahlberg, tyrese gibson, andre benjamin and garrett hedlund as four troubled young men raised by the same foster mother.  when she is killed in a convenience store robbery, the quartet launches into action, seeking revenge against the perpetrators and becoming slowly convinced, through their investigation in the neighborhood, that the killing might not have been as random in nature as they had been initially led to believe.  ..the main weakness of this film is that it gives us virtually no reason to care about any of the characters.  by not showing us any scenes between the boys and their foster mother (except for one embarrassingly bad thanksgiving dinner fantasy sequence that looks as if it were conceived by a first-year film student), we are forced to take their relationship totally on faith, rendering the boys' thirst for revenge arbitrary at worst and academic at best...the acting is uniformly flat, with the characters little more than wafer-thin stereotypes, and even the action scenes come across as surprisingly mundane and second-rate given the singleton pedigree in this area.  the boys' running around from venue to venue in their detroit neighborhood, brandishing guns in full view of the populace and screaming for information about their mother's killer, is ludicrous on the face of it and often reduces the film to the level of cheap low comedy burlesque.  ..with nary a single moment that rings believable or true, "four brothers" is by-the-book filmmaking from a director who has proven that he has the wherewithal and talent to do so much more.
pretty stupid and obnoxious.almost unbelievably bad, except i saw the remake of 'shaft,' which should have been a forewarning.  this is like a comic book for filmgoers.  no, not a graphic novel adapted to the screen.  more like a comic book for kids, that you'd be embarassed to own at any age.  doubly offensive is the high quality soul music that is on the soundtrack, a travesty to the nth degree.
waste of time.i got this film because i'm from detroit where this takes place. it's a pretty typical revenge flick. four brothers want to find their adoptive mother's killer. usual smartass remarks, guys talking bs, fights, shootouts, blah, blah, blah. i guess these kind of movies will always be made and when made well they can be fun to watch. this script was mediocre at best. give me a clint eastwood or bruce willis film any day over this tripe.
didn't like it.this movie was way too fictional. stephen king needs to stop writing
watching this must have been karmic penance for badly boring someone in a past life.whether lounging in a field of mustard flowers, waxing drunk in an affected "traveler's accent" on the, ahem, realness of reality, or mumbling about chartres cathedral and the fallibility of man, "who must, in the end, die," orson welles slurs his way through this pathetic attempt to embody his "grand old boy" superego like that drunken brother in law, tolerated, but only for your sister's sake. every five minutes i expected apneatic snoring to interrupt his incessant, rambling narration. i can only conclude that these disturbances were removed in post-production. too bad -- like drunk uncle zane passing out in the middle of explaining the whole, damn 9-11 conspiracy, these somnolent interruptions would have provided a blessed intermission during which to run to the other side of the house and hope to god he sleeps it off.
welles has lost it.orson welles was a master of film. but not this film. while i appreciate the message he is trying to convey, his "cleverness" is off the deep end.   this film is like a big ego-trip for welles.  he's so proud of how clever he is.  but the film is a mess, like paranoid, disjointed ramblings.   in his younger days he would have executed this with a more subtle style. clever is most clever when it is not obvious.   in this film he beats you over the head with the "subtext" and thinks he's cleverly deceptive by trying to hide it in a jumbled-up the story line.   i'm sorry i wasted my time to watch it.  i would have turned it off, but given my high respect for welles, i continued, expecting a revelation or twist.   alas, no, it was just a stupid movie
a regular snoozefest......this is a dumb boring movie. i actually think this movie would be better to watch in 2d than 3d. the 3d in this movie sucks badly, and in order to really appreciate the campiness of the bad acting, direction, characters, and storyline-- one must not be waiting in eager anticipation for 3d scenes that simply do not deliver. ..if you are looking for good 3d--please do not buy this. these "reviewers" who review this movie either have an affiliation with the studio that released it or simply have not really experienced any good 3d movies and are just reviewing out of ignorance. ..the field sequential in this movie is horrible, due mostly to the fact that so much of the movie takes place indoors- inside small cramped looking rooms that do not offer up any depth of field!! i dont care if the entire movie is shot in field sequential......if there is no depth to the picture...then there is no real 3d!..if you are looking for beyond excellent 3d, then get yourself a copy of "alien adventure", "encounter in the third dimension", or "the haunted castle". i have reviews of all these movies movies in my profile.......i love horror, i love 3d, and i love cult and b movies but this movie just could not hold my interest for long. .i have stopped and started it 3 times since i have received it, and have yet to finish the end of the movie. ..again.....maybe in 2d--but stay away from the lousy 3d version.  it downright sucks
dead on arrival.aside from the fact that one of the discs was cracked when i got this set (which amazon promptly replaced with no hassle)this is a chronicle of an ambitious effort by rock and rollers who seemed to care and others who wanted to ride the coattails of those people. if you are looking for all the artists that played and all the songs from live aid this is not the set for you. in fact there's been some audio recreation on this set which i don't think is even mentioned in the collection. i felt gyped but you can read about it in wikipedia's listing for live aid. good performances by u2, bowie and queen as is expected but some of the other 80's acts are horrid! i was at live aid and had no sentimentality for this package. the good thing is that this set promises to give some of the money to the band aid effort, though where that money will eventually end up is as mysterious as where led zeppelin's fottage wound up
just because.i recorded the live aid concert on vhs.  i mean i was up at six am to catch it when it started in australia. inxs was the bomb.  i would have bought this disc if they included "oz for africa' on it too. that was during the "listen like thieves" era (actually before the cd was released) not to mention a plethra of incredible talent all of which i'd love to have on dvd. then to know that 85 other songs are missing from the dvd (of which i'm pretty sure i have on vhs still) it just kills me that someone sat down  decided what "the masses" would have liked to see. i'd be happier if someone just came out  said that they couldn't get the copyrights to the stuff. ok, i'm done with my ranting, thanks for the heads up. i won't be buying this until they include everything damn it
not what i was expecting.if you are looking for a dvd that is filled with white stripes music and interviews, look elsewhere.  the item description says it has over 40 minutes of in-depth interviews, but it fails to mention that only about 10 minutes (if that) of this is actually with the band (and the 10 minutes are scattered throughout the 65 minute dvd).  it has interviews with members of various bands that have played with the white stripes in the past and others who knew them when they were just beginning.  it is mildly interesting to hear about how the band got their start and other such details, but it is not something i will watch again.  (if jack  meg were telling their own story, that would be worth it)
way too easy.the video certainly has potential, however as someone that has been working out for over 10 years this tape is waay too easy. i barely feel a burn while doing the ab workouts, and they are entirely too short. perhaps if they were three times as long and did all four back to back it would be a worthwhile workout. but i have much better ab tapes that kick my butt with 5 minute segment(notably the firm abs and tamilee webb ab tapes). if you are an advanced exerciser i say pass on this one
did you all miss the boat?.after viewing the 7 faces of dr. lao i must agree with the march 10th, 2000 reviewer who states strongly that this is just a solid "b" film...when i was growing up i spent many hours in movie theaters watching fantasy and sci-fi films.  george pal movies were always among my favorites and still are.  to make statements that the 7 faces of dr. lao was george pal's greatest film is unfounded.  have these people ever watched the time machine or  war of the worlds?   if we are talking about great fantasy or sci-fi movies, which george pal should be remembered for, then you don't get much better than these two...the only credit to this film is the scene where dr. lao shows the town's people the movie clips of the roman city being destroyed by a vocanic eruption.  the eruption scenes are taken from another george pal classic fantasty film, atlantis the lost continent.  now there is a great film to entertain the children.  the only problem with atlantis the lost continent is that for some unknown reason it has not yet been released on dvd.  for those of us out there that still enjoy great fantasy films from the past, drop the studio a line and lets get this one on the market
not what i expected.i purchase a lot of educational videos on photography and photoshop, but this one was not at all what i expected.  it has little, if any, educational value.  instead, the video shows photos taken by french photographers with commentary (in french).  don't buy this as an educational video.
urban legend gone crazy..well i was once again duped by customers rating a product to high. there is no possible way this was a 5 star movie, the plot is just not believable, especially near the end.  parts of it are quite suspenseful and the sound is very good i just had a hard time buying into the story. ..spoiler: this movie is taken from the urban legend of waking up in a tub filled with ice and a note telling you to call the police or hospital or you will die (because your kidney has been removed for sale on the black market). well throw in a girl with a bad kidney her frustrated lover, a girl trying to raise money for her sick mother (these 3 characters create a twisted love triangle) and some guy who sets up the victims for the girl trying to raise the money for her mom. girl a meets frustrated guy(guy a), they have sex, girl a meets frustrated guy's girl  friend (girl b), girl a and girl b become best of friends after girl b finds out girl a had sex with her man(guy a). girl a's business parter (guy b) try's to get girl b's kidney but finds out it is bad. girl b try's to buy kidney on black market with girl a's help and police show up and kill guy b. girl a finds out girl b tipped off the police and so she attacks guy a because he only uses her for sex and she then removes girl b's bad kidney and  then removes her own kidney and puts it in the tub of ice with girl b as a gift. girl a calls the police then dies. the police arrive and place girl a 's kidney in girl b. girl b finds out she is ok because they put back her kidney, but it is not her kidney it is her friends (girl a ). so she wants it removed because they are not friends anymore.
you've got to be kidding..this movie is basically about 12 yr. old boys crying with each other.  when does that ever happen?  the dialogue is completely unbelievable considering the age of these kids.  what 12 yr. old worries about "..never getting out of this small town."?  .i guess if your childhood consisted of sitting around and crying with your friends, then you might enjoy this movie in some lame nostalgic sense.  i have a feeling oprah would like this movie.
eat drink man woman.this is an excellent story well told in script and action. however, it is quite different from the version i saw on a big theater screen. this dvd has speeded up the action  and the english translation dialogue is presented in such rapid changes that it is virtually impossible to read and follow the dialogue. i was very disapointed in this dvd version and would not recommend it to friends
trash.this movie is typical hollywood anti-war, anti-military, anti-american trash.  the "show biz" liberals, aided and abetted by their ideological cousins, the left-wing tv news moguls, have always sought to portray american soldiers in viet nam as baby-killing, drug-crazed monsters.  this movie is typical of that ilk. if you want a more balanced view of the men who fought in that terrible war, buy the dvd of "we were soldiers."--a much better, and far more honest, film
the "original" versions are 4x3 letterboxed....the "original" versions are 4x3 letterboxed.....for anyone with an hdtv or widescreen regular tv, these dvds are a major disappointment.  the original versions are matted from their original 2.35:1 aspect ration for 4x3 tvs, so they look like crud on an hdtv or other widescreen tv...they appear to be made from the same transfers used for the laserdiscs...the other versions, from 2004, appear to be identical to the dvds previously released
"i think faith is the path of least resistance".nominally a story of a young man who by sheer luck is drawn into a life of wealth and love between two women.  one becomes his wife from whose family affords him a wealthy lifestyle and a lucrative career.  he's love for her is real and it is a comforting eros that has all the marks being built for a lifetime.  his mistress, however, is only of modest means but, in contrast to his wife, is mercurial, exciting, and erotic.  naturally, it is the mistress that becomes pregnant.  as his mistress puts pressure on him to leave his wealth and wife for her, he struggles with how to live with the best of both worlds.  under the threat that the mistress will inform the wife, the young man hatches a murder plot which succeeds only by a single happenstance of fortune...this could have been an excellent and well told story; but its unusual plot is completely ruined by a plodding, graduate school concern to show literary sophistication.  in other words, it is quite dull.  a complete waste of the talents of the actors...this film has all the things we have come to love and hate coming from woody allen.  the main character is a pipe for allen's own belief in universe without justice and purpose.  it is not exactly a warming point of view; but it does provide the mainspring for the story's novel resolution.   at the same time, the film is at pains to show the cosmopolitanism, refined taste, and the odd belief that ordinary human concerns and pursuits are raised to olympian, rarified heights by eccentricity allen projects on his characters.   this is all too precious.  to add to the lack of verisimilitude, the mistress is an unemployed actress of a modest background who is forced to take a low paying job in london; yet she seems to have lots of spare time, spends loads of money, and lives in an apartment we should all be so lucky to get much the same as her wealthy counterparts...in the end, our murderer is confronted by the ghosts of his victims.  it is here that the story's "message" comes through.  it is tempting to construe the murderer's calm rebuff to these specters as a mere rationalization.   instead, it is allen's resolution of the old theological problem the presence of evil in a universe under the control of a good, all-powerful god.  ..to wit:   there is no god.  no purpose.  no justice.  evil exists--but it simply "is" as all other things in life "are".  .. i doubt if allen thinks he came across this viewpoint all by himself.    a man as well read as allen surely knows this variety of nihilism can be found in the ancient greeks.   be that as it may, it is hardly a thought underrepresented in modern culture.  this is where i fault allen the most.   most of nihilism's acolytes have the good sense to make their hobbyhorse entertaining and fun.   there are musicians who believe their tune making is more artistic and "musical" if they avoid all the attractive "hooks".   perhaps allen believes his molasses-like, mirthless narrative is a mark of thoughtful seriousness.   all i know is matchpoint deserved the quick death it received in the movie theaters.
falls apart at the end....this film was ruined once it became a "thriller" due to two reasons:..1. shotguns make a very, very loud noise...2. the actions (and inactions) of the police were totally unbelievable...if you can overlook these major plot holes, you might enjoy this. we didn't.
poor delivery from allen and his cast.match point may offer a change of locale and style for woody allen but it does nothing to redress the continuing decline of his work. it's not bad, more flat, partially because of some awkward dialogue (allen really doesn't have an ear for the british dialects, going either for dick van dyke or medieval king-speak) and some uninspiring lead performances. social climbing tennis pro jonathan rhys myers, the poor man's jude law, says all his lines correctly and with almost perfect diction without ever convincing there's anything but an actor who'll never fulfil his early promise underneath, but it's scarlet johannson who is the film's most surprising casualty as a struggling actress. faced with such awkwardly on the nose dialogue and such a stock character, she visibly flounders for much of the first half of the film as if cast adrift by a director afraid of interfering with the actors by ever directing them no matter how apparent it is that they need help. supporting players are mostly left to do their best with one-note parts to varying degrees of success (matthew goode, ewan bremner alexander armstrong), laziness (brian cox, paul kaye) and embarrassment (james nesbitt and a startlingly inept colin salmon). the second half does improve, though there's the definite feeling that allen is dodging the issue in the potentially promising but unintentionally laughable closing scenes, and some of the dialogue is painfully amateur. with its shades of a kiss before dying via the martin landau plot strand of crimes and misdemeanors but without the interesting bits, this never really feels quite like a proper movie. a bit of a plodder.
wow.boy this movie was weird and psycho. i happen to like the weird movies but it was way off the psycho side for me. friends try to cover up an "accidental death" from one of their friends when they try to pull a prank that goes horribly wrong. things like this, i try to stay away from. although i am glad i saw it so i won't always wonder if this movie was actually watchable or not. now i know. i gave it 2 stars because the movie did have it's charms.
a crappy movie from a crappy time.ga. how can anyone stand this drivel? worst movie i ever watched repeatedly. worse than watching "walk tall" 8 times in a row. worse even than watching the home shopping network. eww. eww
contrived, implausible crime drama."four brothers" is yet another nail in the coffin of john singleton's increasingly moribund moviemaking career.  the director - who burst upon the scene in 1991 with the vibrant and gritty "boyz n the hood" - has here mounted a film so burdened by implausibility and contrivance that it makes one wonder if the once-promising filmmaker will ever be able to get back on track again.  the story, reeking of artificiality, features mark wahlberg, tyrese gibson, andre benjamin and garrett hedlund as four troubled young men raised by the same foster mother.  when she is killed in a convenience store robbery, the quartet launches into action, seeking revenge against the perpetrators and becoming slowly convinced, through their investigation in the neighborhood, that the killing might not have been as random in nature as they had been initially led to believe.  ..the main weakness of this film is that it gives us virtually no reason to care about any of the characters.  by not showing us any scenes between the boys and their foster mother (except for one embarrassingly bad thanksgiving dinner fantasy sequence that looks as if it were conceived by a first-year film student), we are forced to take their relationship totally on faith, rendering the boys' thirst for revenge arbitrary at worst and academic at best...the acting is uniformly flat, with the characters little more than wafer-thin stereotypes, and even the action scenes come across as surprisingly mundane and second-rate given the singleton pedigree in this area.  the boys' running around from venue to venue in their detroit neighborhood, brandishing guns in full view of the populace and screaming for information about their mother's killer, is ludicrous on the face of it and often reduces the film to the level of cheap low comedy burlesque.  ..with nary a single moment that rings believable or true, "four brothers" is by-the-book filmmaking from a director who has proven that he has the wherewithal and talent to do so much more.
"who would want to kill the sweetest ****** woman in the world?".i knew i was in trouble with four brothers when i saw that josh howard (of sports night fame) was scowling hard, trying to be a tough detroit cop. not believable for a nanosecond. and then it got worse when marky mark said, "why don't you two cops get some doughnuts and coffee?"..the rest of the film veers along in that kind of lame and clichd rhythm. almost every scene in this thing is a howler. and watching it, i remembered i hadn't forgiven tyrese gibson for the travesty that was 2 fast 2 furious. still, tyrese is better than garrett hedlund, who looks like he's a refugee from the outsiders...but the movie's not a total wash; after all, it's got a great soundtrack
waste of time.i got this film because i'm from detroit where this takes place. it's a pretty typical revenge flick. four brothers want to find their adoptive mother's killer. usual smartass remarks, guys talking bs, fights, shootouts, blah, blah, blah. i guess these kind of movies will always be made and when made well they can be fun to watch. this script was mediocre at best. give me a clint eastwood or bruce willis film any day over this tripe.
absolute nonsense hollywood style.this is one of so many movies that is foolishly and blindly overrated.  citizen kane is also on that list...it has some drama to it, but the lack of realism turns it into a silly movie...in the big finish, the great triumph of the church and the little man, brando simply gets up from a beating and walks on his own two feet to report to work.  what idiocy.  what can that solve.  absolutely nothing...and yet the premise of the movie is that by walking to work, brando is taking the corrupt union leadership down.  some idiot in the background makes it clear, just in case we didn't get the point, by saying "now we can run the union on the up and up".  haha, what a joke...brando's little walk at the end is purely symbolic and will do not a damn thing to change the union leadership.  it's just a hollywood happy ending, a triumph of good over evil, of non-violence over murder.  sure.  actually a triumph of hollywood silliness over honest standards of truth and sense in movies...as pure entertainment, it falls short too.  there is just too much depression and futility.  it's not worth the agita.  and it is all wrapped up so nicely at the end, isn't it.  if you have any sense at all you realize that the mob will kill brando soon enough, so what difference does it make that he is allowed to work one day?  none at all.  he's dead meat.  what kind of happy garbage are we being fed
bad casting and characterization.sorry, but elizabeth's character in pride and prejudice was meant to be plain and her sister was the beautiful one. that was a recurring point in the story. then why the heck did they cast ashwarya rai "most beautiful woman in the world" as the plain sister. give me a break! ..wickham. give me another break! in the original, he is a charming poor guy who sweeps vulnerable and strong women alike off their feet into doomdom.  in this version, i could not see, for the life of me, why anybody would want to spend a minute alone with this fellow let alone the rest of their life. his charm, if anything, was unconvincing...the storyline was cute, but the actors did not have enough screen presence to carry this time old tale.
really really bad.this movie is so bad. it is just about a annoying valley girl blonde who is rich and has tons of friends and who has no real problems. the only people who like this movie are the ones who wished they were the main character, a pea brained airheaded ditz who has no redeeming qualities. the movie tries hard to invent new "teen speak" with tons of lame catch phrases that unfortunately caught on with some unpopular kids who liked the movie so much, they tried to sound like the shallow empty headed spoiled main characters even though most of the movie's fans live the life nowhere close to cher's and look nothing like her but they want to pretend. the movie hits you with these lame catch phrases every 15 seconds, desprate to beat you over the head with them. in the movie, the main character, cher thinks she is too good for the boys in her high school but then she ends up with someone who is pratically a relative to her. nasty! she is really arrogant for someone whose realtionship should be jerry springer. she's supposed to be a posh valley girl but at the end, she's like ella may clampet going after jethro when all her resources for finding a man runs out.
beware.i made the mistake of not watching this before allowing my 3.5 year old to.  i don't consider myself overprotective, but these stories have a kid abusing a dog (pluto), a kid having his pants pulled down and being spanked over someone's knee (including showing the kid's bottom from above), and donald chasing chip  dale with a revolver in the first 2 cartoons among other things.  i turned it off after that.  talked to several other friends to see if i was overreacting  they recall seeing that kind of stuff when we were little but all agreed they don't want their toddlers seeing it anytime soon.  was a little surprised this made it out of disney especially in today's day  time....may be okay for older kids, but i don't really want to explain guns or why it's not funny/okay to abuse our dogs to my 3.5 year old
ho ho now i know!.well it looks like my question regarding why these two "classic cartoon favorites" dvd's are being released in september has been answered! anywhey being honest, i do own one dvd of this series and that is called "starring chip n dale" that is because there has never been a chip and dale collection on dvd before so i own it despite the bad resterration on all of the cartoons
the label says it all.one of the labels for this anchorman dvd labels the edition as "uncalled for", and i couldn't agree more- this movie was completely uncalled for and unnecessary.  in an edition of gameinformer magazine, reiner and joe recalled a conversation they had in which it took them several hours to "regain normal higher-level brain functions" after an unfortunate run-in at the movie theaters between them and uwe boll's bloodrayne; i hate to say it, but i feel the same way about this movie. this movie literally made me feel stupid- but not so stupid as to continue watching it past about half an hour.  the part i did see, however, made me think of movies in which will ferrell was actually funny- movies like elf, my personal favorite from ferrell, or more recently talladega nights: the story of ricky bobby. anchorman really wasn't that interesting, i laughed at maybe one joke in the movie, and overall i hated the experience.  good thing i watched it at a friend's house and not at the theaters- otherwise, i'd have to demand my money back
i love...carpet. i love carrell. i love lamp..my brother quoted a line out of anchorman that immediately caused my wife to put it at the top of our netflix list. we couldn't pass up the opportunity to see steve carrell screw up the news like he did in bruce almighty. ..anchorman has a plot, but does anyone care?  it's mostly about ron burgundy (will ferrell) playing a 70s overconfident anchorman whose macho buddy-verse consisting of brian fantana (paul rudd), brick tamland (steve carrell), and champ kind (david koechner) is disrupted by the promotion of veronica corningstone (christina applegate) into their news ranks.  mostly...anchorman is all over the place.  it pokes fun at news shows, like how they all hate each other like 50s gangs (and imagines them duking it out with bats in alleys).  it jokes about how the intelligence requirements to become a weatherman (brick has an iq of 48 and is "what some people call mentally retarded.") it mocks 70s fashion (look at those shoes! that moustache! those slacks!).  it painfully wrangles with the struggle of equality in the workplace.  sometimes it's about the love between a man and a woman...and sometimes it's about the love between a man and his dog...anchorman's a lot of things, not all of them funny.  in fact, carrell is far funnier than ferrell, and he has a lot less lines.  ferrell infuses burgundy with a vague accent that he drops in and out of.  he says all his lines like a kid play-acting in front of his high school class.  being funny takes a lot of work, but it shouldn't look like it: ferrell seems constipated for most of the movie.  that leaves poor applegate to shoulder the burden, bless her heart...but she's the straightwoman, so there's not a lot she can do to help...it's hard to say a comedy is bad. just about every movie can be funny, even unintentionally, and a judgment on quality humor is extremely subjective. i have to be honest, though: anchorman feels lazy.  it doesn't really have a plot, the acting is terrible, and most of the jokes are beaten to brutal, bloody deaths.  i mean, jazz flute is funny and all, but after awhile you need to put the flute down and tell a joke or something.  the ending doesn't even make any sense (and it's clear, after watching what was cut, that they cut a major plot point). ..i love carrell though.  his lines alone make the film worth watching.  and now that i've seen it....."i love lamp."
trash.this movie is typical hollywood anti-war, anti-military, anti-american trash.  the "show biz" liberals, aided and abetted by their ideological cousins, the left-wing tv news moguls, have always sought to portray american soldiers in viet nam as baby-killing, drug-crazed monsters.  this movie is typical of that ilk. if you want a more balanced view of the men who fought in that terrible war, buy the dvd of "we were soldiers."--a much better, and far more honest, film
a chick flick even chicks don't like.i anticipate this review will not garner too many "helpful" votes (since a majority of people appear to have enjoyed this movie), but it is something i need to say anyway...i am writing this review because i've read quite a few reviews (written by men and women alike) stating that men will hate this film whereas "women will love it." i am a woman and i absolutely hated this movie, the only reason being that it was absolutely boring, and, for lack of a better word, stupid. i can't tell you why it was so painfully boring, but i'm guessing it had something to do with the plot, which is yawn-inductive to begin with...it is rare that i give out the one-star rating, but this is one of those movies it actually pained me to sit through. i watched it at a family member's house and i fell asleep 3 times. (note that i am an insomniac and i do not fall asleep easily.) i can't help but resent it a little when people say that "women will love this movie" because it was quite honestly one of the most boring movies i, as a perfectly legitimate woman, have ever seen. to add insult to injury, the ya-yas are terribly annoying. a couple of reviewers have said that "to call this a 'chick flick' is insulting to all chicks," and i vehemently agree. i understand that some women probably will like it; my point is only that not all of us will enjoy this dull, insipid movie just because we're chicks
horror and beauty ... ?.at the end of the documentary, someone says that critics didn't like the movie because they did not understand that lynch was trying to be expressionist. they did not understand "the juxtaposition of horror and beauty". needless to say, if you don't like something you just don't like it. i don't care if it is picasso, miro, pollock or your mama.  art is just like that. you like it or not. if we are to be so snob to just say "yes! what a wonderful piece of art. that is pollock's masterpiece. this goes beyond anything done before", well ... just fine. you are just being snob. but the good thing about art is that we can disagree, and that it is subjective, never objective. i just watched this movie today and i did not like it. period. i never watched the tv show (and i never will), and i do not care about lynch being a talented and special gifted film director. i just don't buy it, and i do not like him. i saw wild at heart and blue velvet long time ago andi remember them as a little bit better (not too much), but this is not the kind of movies i like. do not misunderstand me ... the actors are good, the filming is technically good, the plot is not bad at all, but it's just the whole think put together that does not apeal me. i would give this movie a 2 stars and a half, or 5 over 0. i bought it because it is in the 100 best movies in dvd by peter travers (and i am starting being very disapointed by that book, because i am far from mr. travers' tastes).
ultimately dated.[i expect to get many not helpful votes, as always happens when you dis a movie or book which has many fans. so be it.]..if you are a hard core lynch fan, you may enjoy this. but i found it was very dated. the film is very slow. it is very hard to understand, both in terms of what is going on, and in terms of simply hearing what people say. (sadly it has no subtitles whatever.) .it is thriving on copious amounts of weirdness in all kinds of ways. and ultimately i found it tedious. i am sorry, i really wanted to like it.
not worth your time or money.i saw this movie 'cause i love horror, and i love halle. but this movie just sucked
it sucked!!!!!!!.ali g: meet stuart smalley, the ladies man, pat, and the butabi brothers.  you are now in the distinguished company of your snl cousins from across the pond who turned funny 5 minute skits into full length movie suckfests.  yes, da ali g show is hilarious, due mostly to its main character, ali g.  his interviews with famous politicians and roundtable discussions with experts are never a disappointment.  you would therefore think that an ali g who is funny in extemporaneous situations such as an interview would be even funnier in a movie which he scripted.  and you would be incorrect, sir!  the movie is a 90 minute mess.  the "plot" is mentioned elsewhere on this page, so no need for me to ridicule it.  but suffice it to say that the ali g character here is a grating bore, lacking in wit or charisma.  if you like ali g, you will not like this.
not worth watching.i like ali g, but this is so retarded that it is a waste of time.  it makes half baked seem sophisticated.  i laughed a few times, however
great if you dig hallmark cards.i loved "my so-called life" and was expecting something good here, based on all these reviews. but the soap opera advertisements they stuck on the beginning of these dvds were a bad omen. still, i hung in and hoped for the best. i was sitting there watching and really wondering "do people really relate to this stuff?" the characters on this show look like they're from jc penney catalogs, or ivory soap commercials. white bread, sanitary, vapid... thankfully all the people i know in real life are a million times more interesting than these fake people. this show makes me hope that i never have the bad fortune to make eyes with some guy in a parking lot and start dating him. the kids on this show are cute, but all kids are cute. nothing can save them or the adult characters or anyone from the extremely boring writing. i am sooooo glad that the world is nothing like how it's portrayed on this show. never again!!
animal torture disguised as "family" entertainment.if this were an animated film this would be passable entertainment, but it is not. it is real, and what are you watching is wholesale animal abuse. see, in real life staged films usually require multiple takes to "get the shot right"; perhaps the angles aren't good enough to use, whatever. all throughout, i kept wondering what horrors the crew was doing behind the camera to get the animals to do what they wanted. if you were utterly naive about the ways of the world and viewed this picture with innocent eyes you might find it cute, after all you have dainty music, deceptive editing, and the charming narration of dudley moore. that is the magic of post-production. i'm no animal rights fascist, but this is beyond the pale. misery is so clear and evident upon the faces of the dog and cat. this is a ghastly production
horrid.get together with some friends and as many bottles of wine.  that way you can possibly have some enjoyment with this inexplicable and boring movie. *special award* for expressionless characters.  *special award* for interminable shots
great viewing!.even if you are not a big sci-fi fan, you will still enjoy dark angel-the complete first season.  besides having an impressive plot concept, the first season of the show gave us a look at some interesting personal interaction between believable characters.  i liked the second season for the way it developed the story line, but the first season was better done over all. whether or not you like science fiction, you will get hours of enjoyment out of this box set of the first season of dark angel.
uh....i got this because everyone seems to like it.  maybe if i can get through the first disk it will get better.  i dunno.  i find it disturbing how meny guys in this show want to do the humpty hump with this little girl.  jessica alba is like 16 or something and these 30 to 40 year old guys are all over her like a cheap coat.  not likeing it.  oh and she brags all the time like a little kid.  not liking it
disappointed.i have been doing yoga for several yrs. power yoga was a disappointment to me. too much repetition of forward bending poses and seems like he has reduced yoga to a aerobic weight loss work out. .don't waste your money
completely silly!.who would give the green light to this? ..it is a total remake of the 1968 classic. the only difference is that there is  a slight revamp to reflect modern times. ..since it mirrors the original then it deserves what the biggest complaint hsould be of it...it pales in comparison to the original. this was really weird to remake this movie. .."dawn of the dead" was cool b/c it had a new, fresh spin to the story. this has no scares, no atmosphere, no innovations and no riveting performances. ..skip this one
no remake needed!!!!.this is one of those movies that you have to ask,"why remake a movie that did it right the first time!!! buy the 1968 version and forget this one! skip it!
unbox sucks.it tells me 'no device to download to'...amazon, debug your product before you take people's money!!.you are acting like microsoft...there is no way to report this to amazon. does anybody there care anymore?
fun with voices.mos def ( i think his name is ) had the most annoying voice throughout the whole movie.  i wish he would shut up about his stupid cake shop already.  if people were trying to kill me i wouldn't keep blabbing about the most senseless things on and on and on.  people are coming to kill me, why don't i talk really loud so they can find me.  was he mentally challenged or what?  i was able to watch the whole movie as the two main characters were fun to make fun of ;)  enjoy talking like eddie (mos def) for hours after you've seen it to amuse your friends
can't say i saw the movie....unfortunately, we have yet to see this movie because amazon never sent our dvds.  i ordered this and two other bull-riding videos for my son on january 10th, scheduled for delivery between 1/23-1/25.  today, more than two weeks later, i received another email from amazon notifying us that there were "delays with some of my items" and estimating a february 17th delivery date - 5 weeks after my initial order!  dvdempire.com had them shipped the next day - and $10 savings on my dvds plus free shipping...
boring.although i luv the dolls this was such a bad dvd that i regretted to have purchased it
makes you want to ff.i'm having a hard time watching this; first, no communicable disease is 100%, or even 99.99% fatal, so there should be lots of unaffected adults still around from before. anyway......people complain, "yeah, man, nobody's got electricity..." did the wiring disappear? the sockets? the power-lines, the transformers? aren't there still big turbines at major dams? so what's the problem? the problem is knowledge -- how to run, and repair, all those things. how do you learn? 99%: from books, manuals, etc. did those all disappear? no..the young "doctor": he, a 10-year-old, learned all that by watching his father?! come on! what do students in medical school do about 95% of their time? they study books. are the medical books still around? of course, though there was barely if any mention of them during this story. at one point they were thumbing through books like monkeys, just looking for some doo-hicky inside some volume. in short, the whole problem with this new post-apocalyptic society is lack of knowledge (and lack of organisation), but because there are still millions and millions of books around, that means there are uncountable resources available for the ambitious to make use of in order to better their lives. maybe nobody is ambitious? duh
knock-off of a knock-off.....saw the knock-off series "jeremiah" when it was the classic star trek episode "miri", in which all the adults past puberty were killed by a virus originally meant to prolong life.  also saw it as the canadian tv series "the tribe", in which all the adults are killed by some sort of plague.  also read it in "the kindling", by jennifer armstrong, a novel in which teenagers must care for the younger kids after a virus wipes out their memories and kills all adults.  ..i laughed when the amazon reviewer called the premise of "jeremiah" "intriguing".  ..well, the other works don't have luke perry or pretty f/x.  maybe that's the "intriguing" part of this latest adaptation of one of the most overused themes in science fiction.
i really, really dislike this dvd.well i guess i'm the odd one out as i really, really dislike this dvd. i love aerobics. in my search to find an aerobics dvd i bought "moving through menopause" based on the other reviews on this site. ..my complaints settle around the aerobics part of this dvd, but that is what i bought it for. the workout starts at a ridiculously fast speed with no actual warm up. the choreography is horrible! it manages to be boring, while at the same time having you jump around like a jackrabbit on crack. several times through the work out, when it's mentioned that a lower level of activity can be followed, the shot pans the woman doing the highest level. the rhythm and enjoyment of motivating yet fluid moves which i look to aerobics for is fairly absent in this workout. the focus on balance during the cool down is interesting and of worth. but that's the only thing i have to praise about the aerobics section of this dvd. ..the presentation is flat. a workout dvd may not need to be a fashion show, but there should be some spark. after all, if it's any good the consumer will be doing it hundreds of times during their ownership of it. nothing in this presentation had that kind of spark. the most menopausal thing in this dvd is the women's attire. which may be a small thing, but combined with the rest is worth mentioning. ..i gave this dvd a solid try. i've done the aerobics workout several times in the last 6 months and just keep deepening my dislike for it.
this boom is a total bust.diane keaton is a successful management consultant in nyc who "inherits" a baby from recently deceased relatives. she doesn't want it, doesn't know what to do with it--but can't give it up either. so she takes it, quits her job, and moves to a farm in vermont. she begins making baby food which sells like hotcakes, and meets sam shepard, a local vetinarian and down-to-earth guy. given a chance to return to nyc with her baby food, she decides to stay on the farm. totally unbelievable from the git-go, and keaton is at her obnoxious worst
feeble homage.the little rascals collection is a set of 5 dvds with a few shorts on each dvd, the fifth disk with an extra from the 50s and a documentary about child stars. this set was poorly put together, the shorts included are quite random, and buying this set would be a waste of money...each disk opens with a montage of some of the characters. first there is alfalfa, then buckwheat, spanky, darla, porky, mickey, stymie, then fatty- oh wait, no that is joe cobb only they didn't know his real name, then farina, and last phil macmahon- who you may be asking? phil macmahon, the kid who got bitten by the love bug in a song number in our gang follies of 1938. still don't know him? maybe that is because he wasn't a regular cast member and should never have been featured like he was in this collection...disk one features the shorts dogs of war and derby day. dogs of war is a silent film featuring the gang running loose on the hal roach lot; it is one of my favorite shorts from the series. however, it seems that they ripped off the cabin fever print and added a worse score. derby day also seems to be lifted from the cabin fever series. it is a silent film about the gang visiting the horse races. the films themselves are very good...disk two features a rarer silent film called stage fright. it is a film about a show put on about marc anthony by the kids in front of their parents. it is a total disaster. just like in reunion in rhythm, one kid wants to go out on stage and recite poetry. the film has been seriously cut; there are no opening credits and the short is much shorter than the usual film length. the print is washed out and new title cards have been inserted. the music is much more childish than normal silent rascals scores, but it works. there are sound effects too. sundown limited is a great short about the gang building their own train. it is a very cute film; farina is especially funny in it. the train that the kids build would have been the envy of all the children in the neighborhood. the print is washed out and the music sounds just like grapevine video's soundtracks. the film titled the pirates in this set is really called the buccaneers. it is also a cute film about the kids trying to build their own ship. when it sinks, they find a real one to destroy. this short has also been cut; there is no opener for it either. it is a bad print and has kiddie music attached to it...disk three opens with mary queen of tots. it is a really enjoyable film where mary receives toys that look like the gang. she dreams they come to life, and when she wakes up, she finds the gang and believes they are her dolls come to life. this print is really bad especially considering there is a better print available on another cheaply made dvd set. it is funny that the music is the same on this set as on that one though. the fourth alarm is a film about the kids becoming junior fire fighters. the print on this one is not bad at all. the last film is school's out, a talkie featuring a different cast. it is a film featuring miss crabtree, the new teacher. the picture is good; it seems to be the one from cabin fever...disk four begins with bear shooters. this is a less than great film. the print is great; it is the one from cabin fever. our gang follies of 1938 is a great film, very funny, long, and exciting. it features the later talkie cast. waldo's last stand is a film from the later mgm years, a lesser film that seems forced. it was also released in a 5 part rascals set...disk five is the extra features dvd. it starts out with a segment from the you asked for it television show. on it, some of the silent gang are reunited. joe cobb, jackie condon, farina hoskins, johnny downs, and mickey daniels are featured. the documentary called kid stuff really doesn't have a whole lot of information about the gang although jackie cooper is mentioned and butch bond does an interview. other child stars like jackie coogan, judy garland, shirley temple, roddy mcdowall, and ron howard are focused on as well...the films in this collection are films that have lapsed into the public domain. many of them have been available cheaply for years. the only reason a fan might want to see this collection, the same reason i bothered, was to see the rarer silent films. however, the rest of the set is trash
what was i thinking?.i loved these guys as a kid. this collection sucks!!! don't buy it! the first 3 dvd's are silent and the 5th dvd is a reunion show. the grand total for shows you can actually watch is 4. take your time and search out the specific shows and characters you love and get them individually. if i could get my money back i would run to the nearest post office and return this item asap!!
do not buy this dvd!.i agree with most of the reviews here..i also grew up with watching the re-runs on sunday mornings as a kid, and so when we introduced a vhs rented tape to my daughters they loved them. the "talkies" are the only films i'd consider buying and i think most people would only want as well. there was 1 dvd missing (we had two #5 dvd's)and missing the spanky gang #4 disk. right now we only have 1 original "talkie" and the rest documentaries and silent movies. i believe the company who produces this dvd set should be ashamed of themselves. they plaster spanky's images all over all the videos and then we don't even have one of him!!!!!!.do not buy this video (unless you like silent movies and bad documentaries) with film qualities that were bad copies (that are hard on the eyes!!!!..we're taking this one back and damanding a refund!!
little rascals collection.i am a little rascals fan, i watched them all the time when i was growing up. they don't televise the re-runs any more and i wanted to introduce my children to some of the wonderful and funny shows i watched as a kid. i was so excited when i saw this dvd collection but was very disappointed after viewing it. i found the description of contents given on the box to be somewhat misleading. the movies on disc 1 and 2 are silent movies with characters i've never seen. disc 3 has two silent movies and one that actually had sound with some of the characters i was used to seeing. disc 4 had sound, contained more of the characters i grew up viewing and was actually pretty good, disc 5 was more about a reunion with the characters along with information on other child stars from back in the day. if a slightly broader description would have been given stating that the majority of the movies were silent films and that only approximatly 4 of the movies not discs, had the actors alfalfa, darla and spanky in it, i would not have purchased them. during the time i was a child and watched the little rascals, it always had sound. i never knew that some of their films were silent, it would have made a big difference in my selecting this paticular collection. it would have been nice to have this information disclosed in the description on the packaging
very disappointed.like the reviewer before me, i too was very disappointed in this dvd. the clips that have sound are terrible. most of the clips were from the silent film era, and the players were unfamiliar to me. there was one clip with alfalfa and spanky that was fun to watch, but the majority of these clips was awful. no effort was put into digitally re-mastering and transfering the picture and sound. i could have done just as good of a job transfering these clips using just a vcr and a dvr. don't waste your money on buying this disc. it is a shame, because with a little effort these clips could of had much better quality and it would have been more fun to watch these vintage clips
a sleeper (literally).this movie was so bad, i fell asleep watching it in the theatre. i normally like buddy films, but this one was just plain bad. the jokes were horrible, the acting was worse. reality tv fits into this movie seamlessly, which is probably another reason why i didn't enjoy it. i think "reality" programming is another sign of the steady decline of the entertainment business. to sum it all up, save your money, i'm sure you can find a better way to spend it
0 stars:  lord have mercy!!!."the church" is nonsensical rubbish.  i know dario argento is weak on plot, but this movie is absurd.  it's interesting how argento does such a good job with a movie like "suspiria" creating such an effective atmosphere for a horror movie even though the plot is a bit shaky; but, with "the church", the creepy atmosphere is clearly not present, and the acting and execution of the screenplay are so bad which only magnifies how terrible the plot is...the result is a disaster!!  indeed, there is zero character development, horrendous acting, monstrous plot holes and an uneven screenplay, all of which lead to this piece of rubbish called "the church".  this movie is trash...period!  stay away!!!!
embarrassing.i didn't even want to see this movie, but my brother read the book and wanted to see it.  (we were unaware of the fact that this wasn't meant to follow the book...)..everything was poorly done in this movie.  even hans zimmer's score didn't save it.  i've mentioned that i'd like it if one could rate an item with negative stars, and if i could, i'd give it negative ten
s, que lindo , est shakira....cuac.la tortura hubiera sido si metan ms canciones de shakira.
prentious and over-simplified view of humanity."the girl in a cafe" is a romantic story pretending to bring along a political message in the form of an ignoramus (main character - gina) who is supposed to be the symbol of 'humanity'...the movie starts off with an unlikely match of a british beurocrat fighting for the millenium goals to abolish world poverty starting with the g8 summit, with a (supposedly) charming girl he meets in a cafe, gina. when she accompanies him to rekjavik for the summit and as she learns more about his goals she becomes decidedly rude by attacking her beau's boss for not pushing for these goals hard enough. not to mention, this bossman seems to be the only sensible character in the film, actually *trying* to make a change -- and not just having expensive breakfasts, dinners, and ranting to other people about not doing anything to make the world a better place (a.k.a. gina)...and if this gina character was supposed to represent humanity, then i'm afraid the director/script writer has an oversimplified view of humanity itself. i don't think any average person on the street in any rich country wouldn't be heartbroken or at least quite bothered when he/she hears about how many poor children die everyday etc. but still nothing changes -- why? not because those '8 men in the room' in the g8 summit don't care -- but because they represent the very nature of humanity of the masses they are ruling. like gina, everyone gets engrossed in their own lives and luxuries, but unlike gina most of us would atleast appreciate the people who are spending their lives trying to make a change (i.e., the bosses of the 'millenium project' that she attacks), rather than being blind to our own humanity while living off of luxury but maintaining this 'holier than thou' attitude.
bait and switch in iceland.the girl in the cafe starts out with promise, the promise being to be a sweet may-december love story. bill nighy is lawrence, an aging bachelor working for the government as a financial expert who meets a lovely young girl (kelly macdonald) in a cafe during coffee break. mr. nighy does a nice acting turn as the twitchy, shy older man and ms. macdonald as does a fine job as the adorable if undistinguished girl in the cafe. it's an unlikely but possible match that progresses when lawrence asks gina to go to a high-level international conference with him in iceland. it is at that point that the girl in the cafe stops being a romance and starts becomming a political movie. gina suddenly loses her sweetness and becomes rude, pushing her leftist political agenda, which, by the way, hardly anyone in the movie disagrees with. they are just not going far enough for the politically correct gina. gina's political outbursts are an amazing show of disrespect for lawrence, who invited her on the iceland junket in the first place, as it puts him at odds with his boss, the target of gina's political salvos. it was at this point, having been disappointed in not getting a sweet, may-december romance and instead a vehicle for leftist political views, i decided it wasn't worth it and turned the dvd off, the victim of a bait and switch. if you are a lefty, the girl in the cafe's rants will be music to your ears. if so, hang in there; the second half of the movie may be worth it to you.
the trinity collection.the movies and stories are classic westerns, the quality is horrible, these are not remastered.  it looks like they found the oldest copy of the film and transfered it to dvd.  if i didn't like the actual movies, i would not buy knowing the quality
terrible quality and unjustified compilation.boot hill has nothing to do with the other two "trinity" movies really..boot hill is the last in a trilogy of colizzi films starting with "god forgives, i don't" and "ace high"...the "correct" trinity series would be (more or less): they call me trinity and trinity rides again. there is no such thing as a part three to that...the best boot hill dvd on the american market is that of wild east, but it's not a totally uncut version...www.spaghetti-western.ne
funny once.i remember these movies as being funny, but the quality of the transfer and the aspect ratio of the dvd's in this set is pretty awful. hard to watch and enjoy the occasional bits of humor. too bad
boothill disappointment.buyer beware. the boothill dvd in this collection was cracked! so i guess we'll go with...the product quality stinks
don't waste your money,buy the full season set.really save your money and buy the full season sets. why would they put these out after they have the full seasons out there to buy
hbo must be desparate.more re releases..the only cool thing about this is the cover
pathetic and shallow.a juvenile attempt. this is a very pathetic film about shallow and empty people. every conversation is fake and pseudo poignant. the "dilemmas" are trivial and pithy. the fact that such talented people starred in this piece of poop is mind-boggling.
mmmm...not so good..this movie is one long journey to absolute nothingness. sometimes my favorite parts in movies are the quiet one's. movies with great moments of silence are great if they're necessary. unfourtunately, while i appreciated the quiet introspection, i could not tolerate a whole movie like that. i will say morvern callar has a great opening, one that makes you wonder. the rest though is just...boring. i appreciated nothing else, and found it empty. nothing was gained or lost, or learned.i cant recommend this to any one, unless you have to see every movie ever made
blank pages.."morvern callar" was a film destined to cause some trouble, for a number of reasons. of them:..#1- a movie adaptation that plays loose and fast and false with the book is often going to cause trouble...#2- whereas many high-minded films and their critics have decided subtlety is a wonderful thing, this movie has decided "if some subtlety is good, more subtlety must be doubly as good!"..#3- people who watch the movie are caught between their frustration with the film'd deliberate inaccessibility and their fear of appearing ignorant when rendering judgement. thus, you have opinions that hang around on the poles of the extremes, with very little in the middle...#4- this is not really a dog on the movie itself, but you do have to wonder about the kind of people who write reviews and get on message boards that sneer "if you don't like this movie, go watch the fast and the furious." as if anyone who does not like this movie is a wifebeater-wearing, greasy cinema philistine...#5- the idea that this movie is superior because it does not, quote "spoon-feed you" all the answers. i would venture that there is a difference between "spoon-feeding" answers and being purposefully evasive and disingenuous to the movie audience...#6- samantha morton is in this movie. that's cause for a lot of trouble, for you see samantha morton is a talented actor (i just learned two months ago we're not supposed to use the word actress anymore) who has amassed a cadre of "devoted" (re: rabid) fans who believe that anything she touches turns to gold. morton has definitively proved her acting chops in movies like "jesus's son," "sweet and lowdown," and "code 46" but went really awry in the saccharine "in america" and the sputtering "minority report." morton is a good actor, she's even a good actor for what she's given in this movie. ..unfortunately, that's not enough. this movie gives her too little, or perhaps too much, to work with. there is too much subtlety to this whole movie. blank pages for the audience to ascribe what they think to them. you can either decide that look means she's torn up inside or not. you're given so little to work with, you can't say either way. anyone who claims to have the definitive keys to this movie i would be suspicious of as a fraud out to elevate their standing...this movie doesn't give you a key, or a lock, and nowadays that's supposed to be something to be proud of. it's not. you can make a movie in this fashion, but it needs... for lack of a better word, "meat" to it. people go and walk and do things and mess around and party but they don't truly seem to interact with each other or their environment. emotions that i think were meant to seem complex and multidimensional seem to be totally ignored. a feeling of numbness and even inability for release would be nice, but the audience is not even given that. halfway through the film we begin to suspect that we're being strung along, and the ending confirms that suspicion...stranger still, this movie gives off a very anachronistic feel to it, the film quality and setting looks like it was made in 1988 or some time. ..in short, i don't care for this movie. morton did a good job with what she had to work with, but in the end this film just did not do enough, confront enough, or accomplish enough. the way this movie has been structured, i believe the reviews on here tell more about the reviewer than the movie. this movie is blank pages. stare at them, try and figure them out. make of them what you wish. just don't attempt to pass any of it off as gospel truth
morvern callar: requiem for a plot.the pretentious film goer has never had a greater ally than lynne ramsay's morvern callar...what is little more than a bland stew of typically successful indy film techniques (hand-held shot, character-based, amoral, unique, hip, naked) becomes an immenitely defensible, but truly awful film...to merely skim the surface:..why morvern is touted as a study of progress, liberation, or self-discovery is dificult to see when both the plot and character remain static throughout the film; indeed the initial party scene and lingering final shot seem to echo each other in a way which makes the beautiful cinemotography seem little more than a thoroughly convincing blue screen selected to flash in time with a cautiously hip soundtrack. ..although other indy film goers may crucify the non-believers, this sort of  movie is equally disgusting as the bloated star-powered behemoth that has equally little depth of thought or genuine vision.  that sort, however, is only after our money.  morvern caller is after something much more dangerous: our admiration...for more information on lynne ramsay's film, see: "no skin off my nose," a succesful, art-house play prominately featured in the fountainhead.
i don't get it..some guy in nyc gets up on a building and starts shooting people in the ketchup packets.  a father kills his family (off camera). a policeman shoots a few people in a parade.  seemingly random acts of violence except that all the perpetrators said "god told me to."  shocking!..a detective who's chest hair shortens dramatically when he walks from the bedroom to the bathroom is assigned to the case and i have no idea what he figures out cause after 70 minutes of talk, talk, talk i started the 2x play until he came across some wacked out squealing dude in an abandoned building who has a p###y on his chest!  the cop beats the guy down then says "god told me to."..i never want to see this movie again as long as i live.
herrmann or von dniken?.promising start. a sniper kills people, seemingly randomly. when asked why, he says "god told me to". other mass murders occur, and the murderers all claim that god told them to do it. ..after 25 minutes the mystery slowly starts to unfold. there is a "sect" of middleaged and elderly men who have been gathered telepathically. they know what is going on. ufo:s in the past explain some mysterius births. and "god" turns out to be not too impressive. why, oh why, did they try to explain it all so stupidly?..the movie is dedicated to the memory of bernard herrmann, the famous movie music composer (vertigo, psycho and much more), and the music often resembles the intense string music of herrmann. there is some good choir music too. the acting is good all over. good pictures. slow tempo, but not too slow. and the script is good up until one third of the movie. so, what happened? i have three theories:..1. after writing script for the first part of the movie, the script writer died and the story was completed by someone else. (since only cohen is credited as writer i guess this theory won't hold up...).2. they wanted to do a film with some cool music and dedicate it to bernard herrmann, so they wrote the music first and then wrote scenes that would fit the music, not minding if the story turned out to be rather strange (and stupid)..3. the script writer had read too much von dniken ("god is a ufo, just look here in ezechiel..."). ..anyway, here is another example of a movie that has most thing going for it, but lacks a good story to back it up with. and a good story means something. at least, if you try to be clever, like this film does...this movie is sometimes called "demon"
the novelty's worn off, and it's left as a former shell of itself.on tuesday november 30, 1982 i had just come home from a scout meeting, and i turned on the television, and not knowing what was on my father got all hyper, and told me to turn it off, and i didn't even know the name of this. i looked it up in the tv guide later on, and unfortunately, due to the fact that i was still shaken up by the other night i didn't dare share the name due to the fact i'd get a sermon. i was at a crucial age in my life where i was 15 where i had desires for girls, but emotionally i was not prepared for them. i can understand the fact that it's a morally bankrupt film, and was capturing the fact of the free-sexual revolution, but i don't see the connection considering that it was always burning since the world's been turning, but our parents put thier hands over thier ears if we were to tell them that. i guess looking back my parents argument is "there's a time and place for everything", but guess what that would've been a perfect time to help me understand. i know that a few months later that i brought it up to my aunt who's a committed christian, and she paled, which led up to the sermon, and to be honest i felt like i couldn't win. i feel with this movie i had to not let it go until i got to see it because it was important for me to see it in it's entirety, and i didn't get to see this until i was 20, and i brought it back up to my parents as my father's friend had just opened a video store in cherry hill, nj., and the battle started again. i have felt like a eunich i didn't get to watch this movie all this time, and when i did i found it rather appealling, and now wanted to add it to my collection i was getting flack as i actually bought the blank video, and tried to get it copied onto the videotape. looking back i would've been better off just buying it, but i know i have to wonder if i would've come to same conclusion. i got the tape finally when i was 25 years old, and watched it once, and since then i lost the appeal. i saw it from a different light that my college professor was showing it from. i didn't focus on the colors, or the scene where ben was looking into the goldfish bowl after being dumped by elaine, and thrown out of a campus because of the fact that mrs. robinson took away ben's virginity, and this was when ben was trying to get together with elaine. i found this to be coincidental, but rather truthful when i had a woman make a phone call one night when i was working in a convience store, and it was a rather seductive one, and then the woman just turned it off when i finally met her kind of like mrs. robinson doing it to ben, and especially when he was in too deep. the fact that this happened could've been an alternative lesson my father could've taught me if he didn't want to talk about the sexual nature. with this mindset i don't own this anymore, and have no inclination, or intention of owning it again. i can't honestly say if i bought the tape instead of waiting for the blank copy that it would've made a difference. i feel that once i saw the fact that mrs. robinson made a blank promise to make ben happy for the rest of his life it just ruined it for me. this is where the sexual revolution tone takes over as no one would've ever suspected a woman would be a seducer because men are supposed to, or it's implied that it's a man's job to have an affair, but that's the world's standard, and morally it's wrong for either side to cheat on one another. it left me feeling that i wasn't worth the time to talk about this movie to, and about the way the relationships in the movie, and made to feel dirty because i wanted to know, and angry that i had to repress myself, and my feelings, and my character to fit this model that pleased my family. i just feel that it was more worth if you are really wanting to see this movie just buy it, and not worry about your parents helping you. mind you it is a pg rating, so anyone 13 and under not without a parent.
loving sex-erotic strip dance- capture his passion.all i can say is that this item is very bad. i mean it's trash..i'm sorry to say it but it is 0 star
feeble at best.if i had the choice i would rate it 0 stars. the video talks to people like children and treats the viewer as if they've had no human contact in their life
cheesy porn-o.this video is very misleading !!.i was hoping to have some fun and impress my husband with some new moves, what i got was a cheesy video showing me how to walk "sexy" per say and had a cheesy porn scene at the end!.my husband watched it later on and laughed his ass off !.if you a tomboy trying to be feminineonly then would i reccomend it for you.
painful.george clooney and quentin tarantino have got to be two of the worst actors of all time. it's sheer agony to watch these nerds pretend to be macho tough guys...this whole flick is akin to getting a gift-wrapped package.wrapped in the fanciest wrapping paper... problem is, as is often the case with tarantino and robert rodriguez, ain't nothin' inside the package. get it? these guys like the worst movies and have managed to become the makers of some of the worst movies ever. the word shallow comes to mind. there is nothing there, and i doubt that there ever will be...however, having said that, i must give credit where credit is due: juliette lewis, the talented juliette lewis, is terrific as usual. good to see harvey keitel do his thing, same goes for fred williamson, the rarely seen michael parks (this guy, by the way made some terrific country-type records back in the 60's--and we wish he'd do more. he's up there with merle haggard  in my humble opinion) and, last but not least, the beautiful salma hayek  is also in this, although she hardly does enough. she still had the curves back then....in addition to the above, we could have done without all the obvious and crappy cgi effects at the end. the stuff just doesn't work; never did...by the way, the documentary full -tilt boogie is way.better than the main feature.
nice cinematography, shame about the script.the film looks good. that cannot be denied. it looks stylish and is directed with flair. unfortunately, the script plays out like it's the product of an immature adolecent personality who needs to get out more and mix with other kids his own age. the dialogue is just cringeworthy...one cannot help but think that someone indulged tarantino based on previous successes in funding this project - indulged him to the point of allowing him to act in it - and made a big boob on all counts...i scare easy but this vampire horror movie with all its (much trumpeted) blood and guts didn't produce a single goosebump. it was like watching a cartoon...disappointing.
2.5 stars:   only the effects save this bloated money machine.i actually think cameron is a good technical filmmaker, but this is my choice for most overrated movie in history.  the older black and white movie is much better drama.  what we have here is really a teenager flick with remarkable and very expensive special effects.  the acting is at best wooden and the winslet/di caprio (both superb actors) sublot is excruciatingly awful.  i could go on but there are plenty of previous reviews which summarize the lowlights.  the undoubtedly great effects do make this worth seeing, however
absolute terrible.weak forced dialogue, silly overly thought plot, unsympathetic characters, and unfunny and you have kiss kiss bang bang. i saw a clip of robert downey accidentally audition for a part from this movie and thought it was going to be a funny movie about a mix up, where a crook gets to be come an actor solving a murder mystery. ..instead, i got a bunch of unwatchable nonsense with a unbelievable plot, uninteresting characters, forced unnatural over the top dialogue, an annoying robert downey, and a supposed love story subplot with zero chemistry. the movie is hard to follow which is why they have narration in the beginning, since this doesn't even resemble any film noir flick i have ever seen...at the end i found myself feeling like i wasted 1  hours for characters i didn't care about and a plot i wasn't interested in, and the worst part is i didn't even laugh one single time. robert downey sums it up in narration at the end, "it's a dumb movie." he is right, and i don't understand anyone who thought this was actually a good movie.
why oh why?.let me start by saying the first movie of the series was absolutely fantastic. regardless of the fact that it didn't stick with a few key plotlines in the book, everyone still did a great job adapting the original jurassic park. then came this piece of trash.....whereas the first movie at least attempted to loosely base itself on the book, this one just takes the brilliant writing of michael chrichton and throws it directly out the window. ..first off, john hammond is supposed to be dead. he dies at the end of the first novel. secondly ian malcome is supposedly dead, or at least mia at the end of the first book, and we join him in a costarican hospital in the opening of the 2nd. there is no bratty daughter, and the entire premise has much more to it...most importantly... the entire ending in san diego with the t-rex... which was possibly the worst conceived plot line in the history of movies... did not exist in the book! ..i went into this movie expecting a tightly woven plot, a huge concentration on the conspiracy of having such an island exist, and the anticipation of some good dino-scenes to top it off..what i ended up getting was the writing equivalent of a monkey at a typewriter drooling on a page. not only that... but because of the lack of plot, the dino scenes are complete over-kill. when you see so much of it, you lose that awe and wonder of the first film. when you see that brachiosaur in the first 20 mins of the original film, the wonderment is difficult to rival. there are no such moments in this film...if you're looking for a quick fix for decent looking dino fx, go nuts. however, if you're looking for something more substantial with an actual plotline, flick off the dvd player and pick up the book...oh and one more thing... don't go near the 3rd movie. they didn't even have a book to be untrue to. i can't imagine how much more long-winded and rambling my review would be for that one
what a letdown!.i love jeff goldblum, but he didn't carry this film. the film was ruined for me the second julane moore (yuck!) and the ridiculous, lame token black daughter of goldblum showed up no doubt to satisfy nauseating political correctness in hollywood all at the expense of this bust of a film. it's obviously too much to ask for a white protagonist to actually have a white daughter. what a concept. it just added to the disbelief of the characters (stay goldblum), the storyline, and the ultimate letdown of this much anticipated sequel. jurassic park iii wasn't much better
the problem with "alien quadrilogy" is that only the first two films worth to be seen..1979 "alien" by director ridley scott and 1986 "aliens" by director james cameron, are the only movies of this success fox franchise, that really were extraordinary films. "alien" is consider one of the most extraordinary horror movies of all times, mean while "aliens" is considered one of the best sci-fi movies of all times. sadly for the saga, the people of fox did a very bad job hiring david fincher to direct "alien 3" and the french guy jean-pierre jeunet who direct "aliens resurrection"
worse than bad.this movie is silly at best, racist at worse. i can't believe ice cube actually wrote the script for this mess. my opinion of ice cube has been drastically lowered. it's the old black jiving and shucking all over again. this movie has all the classic black stereotypes. it even has a scene where smokey gets so high that he ends up in the chicken coop thinking he's a chicken. remember the old minstrel shows?: "nobody in here but us chickens." there's no  plot to speak of, just a bunch of insults, getting high, stealing money, potty jokes, black people knocking each other upside the head. some character get punched out, and smokey (chris tucker) goes over and yells in his face, "dude, you been knocked out!" that's a typical "joke" from this movie. how about a dogcatcher getting bit on his behind by a dog? hilarious---not. after watching this dvd with my family, we tried to think of one funny or worthwhile scene, and we couldn't think of a single one.
gimme a break!.i didn't believe the negative reviews, but i'm a believer now! and i don't mean that i believe in et! i gave this movie one star only because there was no less-than-one-star choice. i can't decide whether this is actually intended as tongue-in-cheek, but it is chock full of bad science, sprinkled liberally with comedy. the title, however, is very accurate - "without warning" - i sure didn't see it coming! by the way, if you would like to purchase a copy of this thriller, i happen to have one that was watched less than once (it was just too overwhelming and i couldn't sit through it all!). well, gotta go. have more important things to do, like count fly specks on the wall
news tv.this is the worst movie i ever seen there was no subject no story iam very sorry for buying this film
not in the same league as "special bulletin".the "fake-news" tv movie had already be done, and done better, ten years ealier as "special bulletin".  where the first movie took its subject, nuclear disarmament and terrorism, seriously, this cheese-fest doesn't respect the viewers' intelligence at all.  they pull every heartstring and throw every cheap trick they can think of at the camera.  not of it ties together in any coherent way and the "make love not war" ending reeks of junior-high-school sophistry
okay, but not nearly as great as the book....i enjoyed the book so much that i ran out and bought the dvd.  although it was well-cast and entertaining to a degree, i must say that i was somewhat disappointed.  ..for starters, this 4-hour miniseries is far too long.  it dragged on painfully at times and could easily have been cut by a full hour (and very possibly two).  also, it focuses almost entirely on the struggle of the main characters while omitting most of the interesting scientific narrative and anecdotes that make the book so fascinating.  the impact of the story is severely diminished without this narrative...moreover, i think it is difficult to figure out what is happening during most of the series unless you have read the book first.  it is unclear why many of the secondary characters exist, and their interactions with the main characters are virtually inscrutable at times...all in all, it is obvious that a significant effort went into this series but i think it could have been better
very basic.not a bad video, but extremely easy.  i am not in great shape and it doesn't really challenge me.  but if you are really just starting to work out, it might be a good video to try
stability ball workout.was not what i expected. it does not spend enough time on any particular area of the body to really work it
no captioning.warning!  this video has no captioning.  i've rented it and it does not have captioning.  it is useless to me and fellow deaf and hard of hearing folk
buy the vhs.ahhhh, what a great movie.  i cry at the end every time.  i remember when i was young and prayed for the safe return of the astronauts of apollo 13.  however, i am severely dissappointed with the widescreen dvd.  those who created it did not use the original film, but chopped top and bottom from the fullscreen vhs version.  there are many instances when this is evident, but the most glaring is the scene in the back yard of the lovell house after the walk on the moon when jim says, quot;i want to go back therequot;.  when the scene opens, he is cut off at mid-thigh and you never see below his knees. on the fullscreen vhs you can see his shoes.  when i buy the widescreen, i want the whole movie, not less than the fullscreen vhs tape.  bad, bad, bad, bad, bad.  buy the vhs
don't get me wrong.......i'm a huge john wayne fan, but this movie has some serious shortcomings, including some of the acting by the cast and portrayals that, while acceptable at the time, are not so well received today.  i won't knock john wayne's acting, however, because he performed it as only john wayne could.  but some of the other acting was downright daffy, like when the singing eddie powers (william frawley) was shot by the sniper and his singing wound down as though the sniper missed him and hit a nearby phonograph machine.  ... the fighting seabees wasn't a totally bad movie, and i thought the formation of the seabees (if this movie is accurate) was very interesting.  but some refinement and a small dose of reality would have made it much better
ugh.this is an extremely dry anime.  the manga version by masamune shirow is filled with bits of humor.  not so for the anime.  the character batou was especially funny in the manga, but, for reasons unknown, he is the driest character in the already humorless anime version..expect long scenes filled with monotonous talking.  these really make the movie crawl.  one minute there's action, next you're listening to matoko or batou go on and on about existentialism.  seriously, these little talks, take up 3/4 of the movie..the visuals are awesome, no question about that.  even so, they do not fulfill the need for some kind of thread of a story.  altogether, not much actually, happens during the movie..if you must see it, rent it first to be sure you want it
what's all the fuss about?.before i review, i'd like to clear something up: i am a very latecomer in seeing this movie. i was introduced to the ghost in the shell franchise through the new anime series airing on adult swim, ghost in the shell: standalone complex. i absolutely love that show, and so i figured eventually i'd have to get around to seeing the movie, which i knew full well shares no connection with the show. they're both seperate interperetations of the comic series of the same name, (which i have not read, so i don't know which is more accurate) but the tv series is exponentially better than this movie in almost every concievable way...there are many things i don't like about this movie, the biggest being poor pacing. the plot for the movie is actually surprisingly straightforward once you cut away all the filler, but that's the biggest problem. there's not really enough story to last a full-length feature, because it seems almost like it was originally written with the intention of being a 30 minute short. and since they didn't have the budget to load the movie up with action scenes (there are barely any, and they aren't very impressive for the most part) they had to slow the story down with drawn out conversations that you won't understand more than 60% of, and camera shots that last for what feels like minutes where we're looking at either nothing, or a woman's nipples. that's not cinematic artistry, that's being either lazy or perverted...the animation itself isn't even that good, especially considering that this is was a theatrical release from only 10 years ago. it's choppy, and there's not really a whole lot of detail (except when it comes to women's nipples). looking at just the animation, if i didn't know better, i'd have thought this movie was an ova from the 1980's...the only thing i can really say i liked about this movie was that it was ghost in the shell. it's probably kind of like how i didn't see the 1989 batman movie until years after i'd been spoiled by batman the animated series, and couldn't bring myself to like it for any reason other than that it was batman. everything about the tv series is superior to this movie: the animation, the stories, the character developement, the production values... i could go on for an entire page about how much better the tv series is...in short, if you're you're at all interested in the gits franchise, do yourself a favor and rent the dvds of the tv show instead. you'll find a lot to love, but i can't say the same about the movie. my dream is that someday alex proyas will give us a gits movie that lives up to what i would hope for after watching standalone complex
kids in the hall first season dvd set is incomplete-a real dissapointment!.sorry to give you the bad news about this dvd set, but.....i love the kids in the hall, but found the complete season one  dissapointing. i remember some wonderful and very humorus skits in season one that were not included in this set...such as the crushing the head man with his friend misha who interupts the play he is putting on. the actors in his play are his fingers. as he goes to crush her head, she sticks her thumb in front of one eye and says "there's no body home", so it appears that her thumb is covering his head... but this skit isn't in here. why?..as a lover of the head crusher, the only head crushing episodes in season one are when he crushes business men's heads and runs into a little boy in a suit and asks him "what do you want to be when you grow up?" the little boy responds "a business man!" -- he consquently gets his head crushed. funny, but not the best or most memorable of the head crusher. ..i also was disspointed in buddy cole in this dvd set. there were some wonderful buddy cole segments in the first season that are not in this set (how about the one when he is in jail and his tin cup is shaped like a champagne glass?), the same for the chicken lady (blind date, attending wedding to the bearded lady, or phone sex line) and cabbage head (i loved it when he invited himself along to join a bunch of women who were trying to have dinner, as he sits in a lawn chair with a sex book and asks questions). i also loved the skit where a woman (played by one of the kids in drag) sits at an outdoor cafe, is annoyed by a terrible waiter and suffers further aggravation from the "dirty man standing behind the fence" who is trying to bum cigarettes for "his kids" from her. or, how about the guy that stubbed his toe and doesn't want to go to the doctor because he found the colors of his infected toe "interesting!"  not one of these hillarious skits or episodes are included in the season one dvd collection...why?..god only knows who compiled the collection of sometimes boring comedy skits in the season one dvd collection, but i can tell you one thing. there is no way this is a complete collection of the entire season one episodes. it is incomplete, to say the least. i just gave you many examples of my favorites that are missing. it would have been great to see them again and have them to enjoy for posterity. it was that kind of humor that endeared us all to the kids in the hall so much. ..the skits included in this collection are probably not the most popular or funny episodes. i would not recommend it. take it from me...save yourself twenty or thirty bucks. ..i have not seen the other dvd collections from the other kids in the hall seasons on dvd as yet. one can only hope that they will be more entertaining than season one was (or should i say, wasn't).....p.s. i would not have even rated this dvd set one star, but it was the lowest rating you can give an item.
ugh.this is an extremely dry anime.  the manga version by masamune shirow is filled with bits of humor.  not so for the anime.  the character batou was especially funny in the manga, but, for reasons unknown, he is the driest character in the already humorless anime version..expect long scenes filled with monotonous talking.  these really make the movie crawl.  one minute there's action, next you're listening to matoko or batou go on and on about existentialism.  seriously, these little talks, take up 3/4 of the movie..the visuals are awesome, no question about that.  even so, they do not fulfill the need for some kind of thread of a story.  altogether, not much actually, happens during the movie..if you must see it, rent it first to be sure you want it
what's all the fuss about?.before i review, i'd like to clear something up: i am a very latecomer in seeing this movie. i was introduced to the ghost in the shell franchise through the new anime series airing on adult swim, ghost in the shell: standalone complex. i absolutely love that show, and so i figured eventually i'd have to get around to seeing the movie, which i knew full well shares no connection with the show. they're both seperate interperetations of the comic series of the same name, (which i have not read, so i don't know which is more accurate) but the tv series is exponentially better than this movie in almost every concievable way...there are many things i don't like about this movie, the biggest being poor pacing. the plot for the movie is actually surprisingly straightforward once you cut away all the filler, but that's the biggest problem. there's not really enough story to last a full-length feature, because it seems almost like it was originally written with the intention of being a 30 minute short. and since they didn't have the budget to load the movie up with action scenes (there are barely any, and they aren't very impressive for the most part) they had to slow the story down with drawn out conversations that you won't understand more than 60% of, and camera shots that last for what feels like minutes where we're looking at either nothing, or a woman's nipples. that's not cinematic artistry, that's being either lazy or perverted...the animation itself isn't even that good, especially considering that this is was a theatrical release from only 10 years ago. it's choppy, and there's not really a whole lot of detail (except when it comes to women's nipples). looking at just the animation, if i didn't know better, i'd have thought this movie was an ova from the 1980's...the only thing i can really say i liked about this movie was that it was ghost in the shell. it's probably kind of like how i didn't see the 1989 batman movie until years after i'd been spoiled by batman the animated series, and couldn't bring myself to like it for any reason other than that it was batman. everything about the tv series is superior to this movie: the animation, the stories, the character developement, the production values... i could go on for an entire page about how much better the tv series is...in short, if you're you're at all interested in the gits franchise, do yourself a favor and rent the dvds of the tv show instead. you'll find a lot to love, but i can't say the same about the movie. my dream is that someday alex proyas will give us a gits movie that lives up to what i would hope for after watching standalone complex
a great vehicle for walken, but script is too weak.for those familiar with and sympathetic toward the story of whitley strieber, this movie is worth watching once, although you will likely find it disappointing. ..for the uninitiated: whitley streiber is a science fiction writer who claims to have been abducted, probed, and otherwise hassled by alien life forms. communion is based on his best-selling book of the same name, the first book from a series that details his alleged interactions with little grey men...walken is perfect for the role, and he seems to relish the opportunity to release his weirdness so freely. fans of walken such as myself also owe this one viewing, though like our ufo-loving counterparts, most of us will also be disappointed...for each chilling moment in the film - and there are a few - there is a sibling moment which is overly amateurish and undeniably boring. the dialogue during near the end of the movie - where walken's streiber character contemplates the aliens with his wife while perusing an art gallery - is poorly written and the actors clearly know it. the soundtrack is hopelessly-dated guitar wankery...a closing scene where walken gets chummy with some aliens is confusing and embarrassing to watch...this movie could have been good. it should have been good. another six months writing the screenplay might have gotten it there.
yuck!.this was a complete waste.  walken is good, but god what a waste!  i never finished strieber's first book which had intrigued me.  but in succeeding books, he does nothing to prove anything.  he gives a tale of experience that borders on religion.  this horrible, suspenseless, and cheap film gives nothing to redeem strieber nor his story as an unfunny joke...maybe i shouldn't be so harsh on it.  after all i'm not a ufo reasercher or whatnot.  but i'm still human.  i still have opinions.  and my opinion of this is, yuck
meryl's biggest bomb.i rate this and "impromptu" (and also maybe "the piano") as films that are so impressed with themselves and their supposed pedigree they don't have to "work", and the results are a rather tedious series of costumes, pictures, statements and events.  maybe it was the creator's intent, but at the end of this movie you don't give a crap about this egomaniacal woman and her emotional patchwork of a life; just on the two hours you'll never get back having endured this drivel
typicall meryl streep-movie.......and to be honest i hated it. she has that dramatic face in every movie, it always looks as if she's going to burst into tears or something - so she's mostly just fit, it seems to me anyway, for these tragic "no hope for mankind"-movies. plenty is a movie so britain-grey that you should never watch it on a day you feel tired or something, you'll only get deeply depressed. and do not misunderstand me, i am no fan of shallow comedies, i'm moved by actors like hopkins in shadowlands and penn in dead man walking - but the woman streep plays in this movie, well, how many women could identify themselves with her? what is plenty trying to tell us?..two stars for stings' effort as mick in the movie. not a big role, but his character has "sex" with streep - and is basically used by her. and finally mick is the first to call her character "insane" if i remember right. big deal? no, but i am a big fan of sting - therefor let me add : are you a sting-fan, add this to your sting-dvd-collection...but watching the movie is pain!
don't waste your time.uneven, choppy direction and convoluted plot marr the otherwise superb story and excellent performance of the uncomparable meryl streep.  unfortunately, not even the fabulous ms. streep can save this -- recommended for devoted fans only, bent on completing their streep collection
a girl thing.if you love well written stories, great plots and captivating acting then this movie is not for you...i don't know how the producer managed to swindle precious investor dollars to get this tripe made into a movie, however there it is!..it was so boring and so badly done that after the first 1 hour and 45 minutes i had to turn it off. i don't even want to know how it ended...the cast line up was great! that's the only 'positive' comment i can make with regards to this movie...do not watch it. do not hire it. do not believe anybody who thinks it is good...the two lesbians who made love even did that scene poorly; get this, it was done in the missionary position!..avoid this movie
a girl thing gone terribly wrong.when a friend and i read the back of the dvd at blockbuster, we were intrigued by the plot, not to mention the incredible cast.  we checked it out with anticipation of a great flick.  i wouldnt even consider what we were feeling as dissapointment; i would describe what we felt as pure regret!  the acting on the part of elle mcpherson was awful!  the character development in this movie was null and void.  i dont understand how other reviewers can say that this was a fabulous movie depicting real life situations about women...i dont know about you but i dont have internal conflict with everyday lesbian experiences, my mother never tricked me in to thinking i was adopted so that i'd get along with my siblings.  i dont know what happened in the other two 'chapters' because we turned this atrocity of a movie off after 2 hours of pure hell.  if you want to make a movie about womens issues, make a movie about our rights, our health issues, being a mother, etc. this was just a poorly written script with a good cast who couldnt even save it from the depths of the hideousness that is called a girl thing
back away from alice!.this movie should have won an oscar.  the acting was superb.  kate capshaw and elle mcpherson were so convincing as lesbians.  their common interest of jazz and love for clubs composed of all butch lesbians, but them (of course), is compelling drama unfolding before your eyes.  the writing is amazing.  the nonexistant plotline between them had me captivated and wanting more.  stockard channing was aspiring as a pyschologist.  she made me feel like i could go to her about any problem and she would solve it in an instant.  the stoned looked in her eyes provided a security unmatched in real life.  the twists and turns provided in the three sisters story was like a m night shyamalan movie.  i won't say anything in fear of spoiling the ultimate surprise!  ..all in all i feel like this movie brought me to a state of complete bliss.  with dialogue like two men saying (...) over an over again and heartwarming original characters like alice or claire - a nontoken black maid and homophobic turned obsessive stalker jealous needy clingy apologetic friend - i feel like i should give up writing because nothing will top a masterpiece of this caliber
one of the worst movies i've ever watched.i don't like giving negative reviews, and i don't usually give one star, but i can't think of anything else to rate this movie. when i first read all of the positive reviews i thought maybe this was a movie worth watching. but, i was sorely disappointed when i did get a chance to watch the dvd. what really was the purpose of making this movie? and i don't think that anybody is jealous or player hating on t.i., they're just being honest about this crappy movie. goodness, i had to skip through to the end, it was so boring and just...i can't even think of words to describe it. and what was so cute about evan ross saying that he had gotten some cuttie? is that supposed to inspire other young black boys to do the same cute thing
i want my mtv!.if mtv was smart, and they used to be, along with funny, relevant, and entertaining (they even played music videos all the time!) it was on all day in my house, and you could always count on the vjs passing along some wacky facts, or artists dropping by who could actually speak coherently. anyway, mtv could make their massive video catalog available to the public. you could browse online and choose the videos you wanted, pay $2-$3 each and mtv would either create a custom dvd for you and send it out, or you could download them and make your own dvds. i would gladly pay to have several dvds that contained only the videos i wanted. and there are about 100 i want, just off the top of my head. ..as it is, i am happy to watch my old and fading copies made back then and occasionally catch an old great on vh1 classic, rather than have someone else pick out 10 videos, 4 of which i may want, the rest i don't. this one did nothing for me. luckily it was a gift. i never would've bought it for myself
sounded better than it really is.getting the family to watch any of these is like pulling eye teeth...and they were all for buying it
i was disappointed in the movie selections and the quality.we have watched all of the movies in this collection. some of the movies (about 1/3) are either inaudible (hard to understand what the actors are saying) and/or skip parts (words/scenes) because the film is so old. my husband and i watched at least 3 of the movies per week, and what strikes us most is that many of the films in this "horror" collection are nowhere near the "horror" movies we watched on saturday matinees at the movies in the 60s. over half belong in the "mystery" or "comedy" category. and what's with all the gorillas? every fifth movie it seems has a gorilla in it...these horror movies are from the 20s to the 60s and are much more tame than todays horror flicks, granted. but, come on, why should we have to sit through a movie where the quality is awful and the movie is not a horror movie? ..again, there were too many gorillas! not that there's anything wrong with gorillas, but we prefer ghosts to gorillas.
some good parts, but mostly overrated and disappointing.thinking about this film after watching it, it's a fairly decent piece of work.  until the ending.  still, the parallels between rosemary's baby and director roman polanski's personal life are striking...mia farrow plays a derivative 1960s stepford wife impregnated whilst unconscious by the prince of darkness.  as the basis for a horror movie, that's a good start.  i'd have chosen perhaps barry goldwater, or maybe even polanski circa his days when he himself raped a drugged girl, but the devil makes nearly as good a villain...(how eerie then that polanski's own wife would have her life and her pregnancy terminated by a bunch of satan-worshippers just after this movie debuted.)..anyway, the movie is paced well and the story is interesting.  i really enjoyed how she pieced together the evidence of a conspiracy.  i half-expected to be asleep before it ended.  but more than two hours later, i was on the edge of my seat watching rosemary track down her newborn's thieves with a kitchen knife.  and what would she do with that knife?!  i won't spoil it for you, but when she enters the neighbor's apartment, you can turn your dvd player off.  you won't miss a thing.  in fact, any ending you dream up will be better than what actually happens...and that was the biggest problem with this film.  other people have mentioned it too -- the ending sucks.  it really made me feel as though i'd wasted two hours of my life.  i was hoping for a violent, vengeful ending, but no, nothing like that happens...other things i didn't like... after rosemary swears off minnie's vitamin drinks, you see her drinking at least one more of them!  what happened?  and why does she keep visiting dr sapirstein after she realizes he's in on it?..plot holes you could drive a '68 fleetwood hearse through
where is this going?.bad.  not a good movie.  i feel like to get the point across, the 4 principal's performances could have been slightly more vacant and detached.  shopgirl-esque, n'est pas?  it just goes on and on, scenes upon scenes that don't really build upon anything or each other, and then it ends implausibly.  don't waste your time on this one
jennifer a. is a decent actress - but story line is sad.i would have given this film a slightly higher rating had it been filled with characters i admired or to whom i related. i mean, aniston's character gets set up with a real jerk by one of her best friends (who knows this guy talks disrespectfully about women). aniston, meanwhile, does a good job of playing a depressed, too-nice to people character who gets taken advantage of. ..catherine keener's marriage seems troubled because she is overly concerned with other people's feelings and her husband seems blase about them, including those of his wife's. ..it's sort of an okay character driven movie in terms of the acting, but the ending is not pieced together in a gratifying way...it sort of just leaves you there hanging with nothing concluded
good cast, slow, just overdone on driving the point home.first off, this is a very wordy, wanna be woody allen type film, which means just not funny.  in the trailer, they did pick a few of the humerous parts, but it just really isn't a comedy.  secondly, if the characters would just shut up once in a while and actually work on their problems (epecially jennifer aniston's character), then the characters would get things done in their lives. therapy is what aniston's character really needed, or a boot to the head.  true friends would have gotten her help before she got to where she did in this film.  ..there were parts that were amusing, because it depicted real life scenerios, and pointed out irony, but that gets old real quick. this movie did have a good cast, and a reasonable message that friends are what matter, and that true friendship comes easy by being yourself.  that is what gets this film two stars.   rent this movie (don't buy it), but best if you borrow this from someone else who rents it.  i only saw it because my wife rented it. you won't want to see it twice.
too much reality and not enough laughter.was looking forward to seeing this film, quite disappointing. joan cusack is always a bit of a downer in a film. once she appears in a film it is always a bit depressing. jennifer anniston is usually pretty good, but the story line was just too depressingly like real life to be funny, i felt. just not funny enough to carry the depressing story line. .not a film i will be watching again, sadly.
lots of negative energy.sounds like a man with a chip on his shoulder. a lot of pent up anger. hardly a spiritual place to be. jesus was innoncent too, michael.
scaience and spirit-the great questions.he told us what was wrong with current belief-what is the replacement and where is the scientific backing for his view
deep deceptions.deep deceptions was not what it was advertised to be. in the advertisement it was to explain about how the divinci code just scratched the surface. the dvd talks about heaven and hell and nothing new or different about religion
ramtha who???.you know it's interesting, when you open the ramtha web site of the "school of wisdom", one finds a high school  essay in neoplatonic metaphysics and alot of expensive courses and retreats, however when you hit the link that says who is ramtha, you get a "this information is not available" message, kinda makes you go, hhmmmmmmm????!!!   now don't get me wrong folks, edgar cayce and the author of a course in miracles might have tapped into something, but when someone stresses that good and evil are relative, it kind of reminds me of the lines in the revenge of the sith movie that palpatine gave to anakin to turn him to the dark side!!!!!  you know this fellow even sounds like a character from a sci-fi flik, you know esteemed jedi and all that but becomes a servant for the sith; or even tolkien's saruman,  hey folks get christopher lee's opinion of the dvd before you fork over your hard earned bucks, and uh...do a search on this ramtha spirit, er channeled, er thingy!!! live long and prosper!!
lines are missing!!.is it me or is it the film?  i watched my copy of the special edition the other night and there were words missing from  the dialogue in various parts of the film.  now i wish that i didn't give my gold version away
all terribly arty.i suppose i should have realised that if i hated "l'avventura", i would probably hate this, too. just wish i'd thought of that before buying it. ponderous, slow, self-consciously arty. a milestone in cinematic history, and all that, but terribly off putting and, in some instances, terribly obvious in its ennui. there will be much eye-rolling on your part. you probably only need to see this if its part of a film studies course. really. ..good package by criterion, though.
l'eclisse.ok, so it's boring as hell, pointless, with no plot and about characters who are not even remotely interesting. then how come this film is actually good? because you feel obliged to think so. antonioni is a big name, you know.
much ado about nothing!  "for those of [us] in the cheaper seats, clap your hands" for an affordable beatles' collection..the value of this collection is in some ways priceless.  "imagine" a collection that could get us all five beatles' films for an affordable price.  the two-star rating isn't for the very good release, 'help' or for the flawed, idiocyncratic, random, but sometimes groundbreaking and interesting 'magical mystery tour' and all of the gravy of the accompanying "rockumentaries".  hopefully, the capitalist version of trickle down economics will materialize--the way it did for c.d. players and walkman--when the prolitariat will be able to afford all five beatles' (movie) dvd's, either separately or together.  by the way, although the bickering on 'let it be' (not included here--or barely anywhere else) is legendary, so is the music.  for those who have seen the last beatle film, the strife is enlightening, but overrated.  can we have that movie, please?  for myself, i only saw it once:  at a mark lapidos' beatles' convention where all you could hear was the vaudeville "yeahs" and "boos" for allegedly dudley do right and snively whiplash (paul mccartney and yoko ono, respectively).  personally, not to regress too much, but while mccartney helped make the world happy, yoko made john happy, so, at the expense of ranting, make us happy and give us the movies we want.
forget the movie and read the book.reading other reviews of this movie i am surprised that i am the only one who felt pretty offended by this movie. i read the book just a while ago and loved it. so, i was excited about seeing the movie. big let down!..first of all they change one of the main character's names and for no good reason that i can see. there is no relation between the allison mckenzie of the book and the one in the movie--they are completely differenct characters! ..when i read the book, i felt that i was reading a serious piece of literature that was uncovering a small town's egotistical, self-important view of itself which, let's face it, is pretty common in many human societies. metalious was making a  commentary on how her community was repressive of individuality and free expression. the movie seemed more concerned with whether lana turner's character was ever going to get a little action. moreover, the most commonly used words in reviews of the movie are melodrama and soap opera. now, when i think of melodrama and soap opera i think of dallas, days of our lives and 90210. basically, trash that presents mindless, unbelievable situations. ..metalious' book was done a grave injustice by this movie. i am still trying to figure out how she was a script consultant and allowed this to get to film
not pleased..the firm lower body sculpt dvd did not meet my expectations.  .not enough info was offered to let you know that you need to purchase additional equipment (the fanny lifter) in order to do the workout.  so once i got the dvd i could not get stared right away.   the moves are very slow, not enough repetitions,  too many routine changes, not to mention the lack of enthusiasm by the instructors.  lines are definitely learned.  not unisex friendly.  i could not see my husband working out with me to that routine!  more for "stepford wives"   i have heard that the firm series from the 1980's is better than the current.  but i'am not going to experiment.  i'll continue to work out to my billy blanks videos
and i thought "sylvia" was a waste of an evening....i'm not qualified to disagree with the glowing reviews of the acting, etc., but i was annoyed by the way the flashbacks were done.  i suppose it was a metaphor for what iris must have been going through...but lots of people are slutty or succumb to alzheimer's.  what made iris noteworthy was her writing.  to focus on the former and almost entirely omit the latter is shamelessly manipulative, and it made my girlfriend, who lost a grandparent to alzheimer's, cry...i suppose the moral of the story is:  don't watch movies; read books instead
too loud.when the background music completely overpowers the dialogue, you may as well turn it off.  the background music was piercing and i needed to have the remote in hand to keep adjusting the volume.  not everyone has perfect hearing and shows with overwhelming background music are becoming the norm.  a shame because otherwise i could have enjoyed crash
self-firm flat abs fast.well the title seems to fit the dvd "fast" but in a different aspect, as far as time goes. i thought this was very boring and slow, but it was over in no time at all. it probably would be great for someone just beginning and has very little or no time at all to exercise and it doesn't work up a sweat. it was very very easy to do and i'm a beginner myself
bad usage of time!.this video has a long introduction and commercials. commericials at the beginning and the end.  there is a lot of wasted time.  i found it an extremely inefficient use of my time--i am returning it today
reporting from location.in 2005, we took a weekend trip from baton rouge, la to natchitoches, la, where fifteen years earlier the filming of steel magnolias in 1989 remains about the biggest thing that ever happened. having never seen the movie, we rented it as soon as we got back home. everyone had a reason for watching it in two segments--mine was my sense that this was one of the "cutest" movies i'd ever seen, and i'd had quite enough "cute" lately, especially after sitting through will smith in "hitch". the accents and the caricatures of the characters were all so thick that it reminded me of the beverly hillbillies, though more embarrassing than funny. one "hillbillies-like" moment that pretty funny was the few non-female characters' effort to shoot some "crows" out of a tree so that they won't "**** all over the reception". their creative use of a crossbow is a classic...sad to say there isn't much else classic in a story that is at the same time saccharine and maudlin. there was also some choppiness between scenes (as the movie was adapted from a play that never left the beauty shop). i can think of two scenes in particular--one where the town-big wig clairee (played by the noted-southern belle olympia dukasis) buys the local radio station so that she can do the color commentary on the local football games (the scene features the same guy filmed bare from the back waist-and-lower view as he walks in front camera in the locker room three times.) in another scene, the darryl hannah (hard to recognize) committed christian character argues with her boyfriend over his repeated taking of the lord's name in vain. neither scene has any impact on the rest of the story...dolly parton is her usual big hair, big smile, big **** self as the lead hairdresser. shirley maclaine has a very unsympathetic character as the eatonton's (julie and sally, and family) ill-tempered neighbor. the male characters are more or less wasted, especially the estimable sam shepard, who spends most of the film underneath a car, or sitting lifelessly in front of a tv...the movie improved from the seemingly endless wedding prep and wedding of the first half to the second half, which became more dramatic. sally field has a pretty good scene near the end, she and the story make you think a little about the motives of the main character (julia roberts as shelby)...overall, i thought that steel magnolias was a relatively embarrassing depiction of life in the beautiful town of natchitoches, la. given that the locals seemed not to mind too much, i may be overreacting. they even showed us where the truck made an illegal left turn in the final scene.
don't buy it, faulty audio.excited. popped it in the dvd player. opening sequence, perfect. scene 2, no audio. scene 34, had audio. scene 5, no audio. do not purchase unless you enjoy: closed captioning, lip reading, or returning dvds to amazon
good but german version from amazon.de is better.....than uk se.just received the german 4 disc digipak. good news. played 10 mins of both - no problems. menus are all in english (or german) all the extra's on the english r2 se's are here except for the photo gallery...the sound is very good and the restored english mono is better than the mgm 5.1 also on here with the commentary and german mono. the 5.1 sounds muddled compared to the mono which is strong and has good clarity and separation...picture. no problems i could see on my 6ft screen via infocus 5700 projector from an arcam fmj-dv29 dvd player. player is set to progressive playback and did not have to change anything...only watched first 10mins of each but doing a-b comparisons with the english r2 mgm se's the german ones are noticeably better, they look less washed out, contrast is not set so high and colours are a lot more pronounced especially on fistful, which is why i bought this set, but also on few dollars more as well...they are also cleaned up a bit more as well as most importantly few dollars more is at last the full version, which no mgm dvd is worldwide.....
weak content dooms guitar demon.i consider buckethead a unique artist with an original vision.  the manifestation of that vision on his 13th anniversary dvd, while intriguing and amusing, is for only his most devoted, hard-core fans.  ..i've liked some of his stuff on youtube, and saw the dvd by chance passing through a cd/dvd store in a mall and took a chance.  bad decision...i can go along with the "cheapo depot" look and vibe, but when it comes down to delivering content, this is a bloated, nearly unwatchable video.  the content is presented in two disks, but it should have been one.  the live concert material on disk 2 looks as if shot on consumer grade video cameras, featuring bucket playing along to pre-recorded tracks, doing the robot, and a display of his num-chucks skills.  the music, speed-rock with doses of country chicken pickin and classical flavors, sounds largely the same from song to song.  frankly, i was bored...the is an experiment gone wrong.  his over-the-top dr. phibes meets yngvie meets the dark side of disney is realized as an unfocused mess on this package.  the result it had on me is that i am unlikely to buy another dvd or song from him without checking into reviews first, so buyer beware.  memo to buckethead: find someone to focus your vision and move on to the next phase of your career
don't get me wrong....i feel i should preface by saying that i love this band to death. however, for fans only is pretty shoddy. every negative comment listed below is pretty valid and probably more bothersome then one would expect. that being said, it's not without merit. i just wish it had been put together better
lousy western, but my wife likes it..i run hot and cold with clint eastwood. hot with movies like "outlaw josey wales", and "dirty harry". "unforgiven" ranks right up there with ."bridges of madison county" as two of the most boring movies i've ever seen. sorry fans
sad and dissapointing!!.please!!! will somebody, please put out a real movie on these beloved series by a canadian author!!!!.i and my daughters all loved the books. when we found there was movies made, we rented them with anticipation, only to be very dissapointed!!!.i really hope that someday, someone will put out a real movie with the real events of the stories written by janette oke!!!.they are wonderful stories, and need to be made into beautiful movies..if i was janette oke i would be so very disappointed with these movies that don't come close to the books she wrote..it was just so dissapointing
good concept.  bad filmmaking..the concept of "rumspringa," in which some of the world's most conservative people run wilder than most of us ever do, is fascinating.  then why is _devil's playground_ so boring?..the beginning is amazing, when we get our first glimpse at the debauchery of an amish youth party.  ..the rest of the film, unfortunately, is pure tedium, as the filmmakers focus on a few kids who stray rather far into drugs and other vices, but who just aren't very interesting.  ..one in particular, a crystal meth dealer and user, gets endless attention, and we just see him ramble about nothing much for minute after minute.  the fact that he was formerly amish does not make his pathetic life much more interesting than that of the next white trash loser...another amish drop-out is a girl who appears to have serious emotional problems and who decides to go to college.  that is all i learned about her in the movie, and it could have been conveyed in about 30 to 60 seconds.  instead, the director goes back to the girl again and again to pad out the film's running time, even though she has nothing additional to tell us...meanwhile, we are not given much context for any of this.  do most amish kids stray this far before coming back?  do some not stray at all?  do the adults really just sit idly by for all of it?  after seeing this movie, i have no idea--i just know about a few kids who fell pretty far from the tree, and who aren't very interesting in themselves...it seems many of the amish shown here do not reflect typical amish/mennonite ethnic traits, which goes unexplained.  it is also clear that some of the amish people we see, including the adults who allowed themselves to be interviewed on camera, are from substantially different amish sects.  so does this stuff go on among all the amish, or just in some weird group of amish, or what?  the film never explains.  ..other things irritate, such as use of the same soundtrack music over and over.  why the filmmaker thought the electronic music of aphex twin was the best choice to represent the "unplugged" world of the amish, i don't know.  ..the footage in this film could have been used to make an interesting 15-minute news magazine segment.  it does not work as a (barely) feature length documentary
completey inconsequential!.i loooove the recent batch of french films that have made it "big" over here: "the taste of others," "un air de famille" and especially "the dinner game." but this? an utter bore that just doesn't do anything or go anywhere. pass on this and instead definitely see the other three mentioned above
ratner is a lousy film maker.....this man is like michael bay.  using high speed action sequences and terrible casting and script writing, the fact that chris tucker appears in this and almost every movie that the man makes signals a trend to do these as not so much movies as they are music video comedys only it's patheic and not funny, and that is also why the man who is now making x-men 3 will cause that movie franchise to die a quick death at the movies.  the man is a joke
movie for morons.this movie is an insult to merely bad comedies. gee, another movie with a fast-talking, potty-mouthed, black guy (hello eddie murphy) who, because it's perfectly fine in ultra-lib, pc hollyweird, calls charlie sheen (and everyone else who is not black) a host of nasty, racially-oriented names. the movie is a mess. let's see. the protagonist (tucker) plays a con men who after being falsely suspected of being a cop-killer, is chased around  by cops and the bad guys. the mcguffin is a sack of diamonds. sheen is supposed to be a co-star, but like most of his other movies, he sleepwalks through it. clearly this movie is meant to be a vehicle for tucker. the sceenwriters were obviously making it up as they went along. first "screenwriter":" hey bob, what will we have tucker do next? hey i know, let's have a car chase and have him call some people some names" second "screenwriter" "hey, great idea fred, i sure don't have any ideas".  apparently there are many people who think this guy is funny even though the movie is a rip-off of murphy the trickster flicks. basically the plot is tucker runs around dodging bullets and calling everyone a name. if that's your idea of humor, i pity you.
sorry.this movie is so freakin stupid. yes its funny...but so very dumb. not good dumb; bad dumb. terribly, painfully stupid. funny at times. best avoided or taken in small doses
only 2 stars, because.....ok, i have seen this movie a couple of times, and i can only give it 2 stars, because.....it will melt your ears with tons of unnecessary cursing!  i mean bad cussing!  they went way overboard with the expletives, and ruined what could have been a very good dawn of the dead sequel!  the first scary moment with the woman's dream where she's looking at a calender, and the zombies hiding in the dark, this movie had such possibilities.  too bad they ruined it with such foul language!  would a true die-hard horror movie fan forgive the cussing and buy it anyway?  not me, that's for sure!  although if you're not offended in the slightest by profanities you might, but i can't imagine any person being so callous
silly monster movie that took itself way too seriously.this is a bad, ponderous and silly movie. romero took the whole apocolyptic thing way too far...there is no tension, fear, or suspense in this movie. the acting is horrible especially with the goofy henchman used to assist the tyranical military leader...night of the living dead was a brilliant idea. "dawn" cleverly took the premise and applied it to an urban setting. "day" stunk
two stars only for the blood and gore!!!!!.night of the living dead, dawn of the dead and creepshow is the very best of george romero!!! the rest is ok, but this one is baaaaad!!!!..boring!!, stupid story and complicated, blah,blah,blah!!, not too much violence, bad zombie make-up, very little action and suspense, so-so acting and a senseless ending...the blood and and gore was sooo coool! but that's it!! sorry...adios.
bland, predictable and cliche....there are certainly some memorable scenes in this film, but as a whole it just didn't quite work for me.  ..vlastimil brodsky is indeed a talented and endearing actor but spends the whole film playing the same stock character: fanda, a maddening yet adorable grandpa, oh-so-young-at-heart, oh-so-mischievious and impish, but somehow oh-so-good-hearted and harmless that you can't help loving him warts and all...in fact, that's one of the fatal flaws of this movie: the lack of any dark side to any of the characters.  they're all basically harmless walt disney types, even the bumbling and self-absorbed son.  there are no real consequences to brodsky's actions other than stella (his wife) finally talking divorce but it's obvious almost as soon as the words are out of her mouth that she'll come back to him.  there is no center, no force or dynamic power in this film---it's like a limp wine that you tolerate because you don't want to hurt the feelings of your host.  ..the ending also relies on another lazy device, the virtual deux ex machina in the person of stella suddenly transforming into a spirited accomplice/supporter of fanda's when she sees that his attempt at self-reform is only making him miserable...this film might've been much more effective and poignant had it spent more time dealing with fanda's desperate fear and avoidance of dealing with old age and death, instead of focusing on how clever, audacious and adorable of an elderly madcap he is, which makes much of the film reek not only of kitsch but even worse, narcissism.  one wonders if the director was just so awestruck at the chance to work with mr. brodsky, who is a towering figure among czech actors, that he decided to turn the film into a bit of a hagiography of him.  ..a more accurate title for this movie, especially given the ludicrous ending shot as the credits roll, might be: "the fantasy life of a poor old man."
sterile, derivative and plastic.......just like hollywood and just like the music industry which, i guess, is the point.  ..john travolta, playing on his character from get shorty (and, to a lesser degree, like his character in pulp fiction and swordfish) is mr. cool.  this time he's trying to make it big in the music biz.  he discovers a new talent (artist christina milian) and works his way through an assortment of characters that are more types and cliches than real characters.  ..a brand name cast and yet no one makes any more than a dent on the personality radar.  the dialogue seems forced, funnier on the script than on the screen and most scenes feel posed and sterile.  most of the actors appeared as bored as many celebrities are outside of their media personae.  aside from a few interesting moments, only one speech toward the end made by cedric the entertainer redeemed the film.  ..it's like a big commercial (which, i suppose, is any hollywood film).  certain musicians get shameless plugs (steven tyler and aerosmith, included in the film), various movies get shameless plugs (including, in a not so disguised fashion, get shorty), certain hollywood landmarks (e.g. the mann chinese theater) are plopped into the film like a tourist video and even the l.a. lakers and the staples center get a plug.  ..it's an attempt to play on the irony of making a film about making a film or, in this case, making a musician.  so we watch travolta as mr. cool navigating the landscape of the music industry to give christina milian her sudden and instantaneous rise to the top of the charts.  the ending is so horribly cheesy i felt as if i was watching american idol...watchable, but barely...the player covered this terrain so much better.
the rock and  vaughn stole the show.thankfully i watched this movie having recorded it on my dvr so i could fast forward through most of the scenes with uma thurman and john travolta.  their scenes and dialogue were so horrible that fast forward was the only way to get through the movie.  besides, this is not the kind of movie that you really need their dialogue to understand or enjoy it.  ..as usual, uma's acting is simply dreadful. i tend to avoid any movie with her in it because i know it will be bad.  how she became a "star" in hollywood is beyond me.  she is not attractive nor can she act.  she could have been replaced by a nobody and it wouldn't have changed the movie one bit.  i think when they need an actress who doesn't mind playing drivel roles, they call her. john travolta is not much better.  his version of "cool" just doesn't do it for me. his diction is becoming more slurred as the years go by that i hate to hear him speak.  and someone please tell uma and john that nobdody wants to see them dance so please just stop finding reasons to do so.  ..the only reason i gave this movie 2 stars is because of the rock and vince vaughn.  their roles were priceless and had me laughing all throughout the movie.  i never grew tired of vaughn pimping and the rock primping.  while i fast forwarded through uma and travolta's scenes, i tended to rewind during rock's and vaughn's scenes; they were so funny i had to see them again.  cedric the entertainer was also pretty good.
my advice, watch 'get shorty' instead.the problem with this film is i read the book.  i was disappointed simply because `be cool' is an obvious showcase for the musical talent.  the overly long dance sequence with john travolta and uma thurman is a prime example.  somewhere the bulk of the story was lost--and there are some very--very good characters appearing in the film that would've been more intersing if somebody would've said, "hey, don't forget the book!"  but being true to the original source is not hollywood's strong suit.  "be cool" provides some popular music, some known faces, but without john travolta, the movie would never have been made.  ..a few laughs are provided.  a couple ironic scenes show up, but there's too little to sustain a full-length feature.  basically, the project is a disservice to everyone involved.  some of the characters are so thin--face it--poor christina milian as linda moon, is reduced to being a voice that sways when she sings--a clich.  the rock does the best he can but again, `he's a gay bodyguard;' he's the  brunt of insulting jokes offered up by a raji, his boss [vince vaughn], who, in the book, is far more sinister--but in the film he's an idiot.  ..of course chili is chili. travolta does a very nice job, and chili's obviously the smartest guy in the room.  uma thruman's performance is, well, not funny--not serious, not intense--not much-- at best, she made me shrug.  i do like what harvey keitel did with nick carr, but there's just not enough, and all the negatives reflect completely on the director.  enough said there...my advice, watch `get shorty'again, or read `be cool.'
not worth watching.all "style" and no substance. even the dance number with john travolta  uma thurman was lackluster. and would cedric the "entertainer" please go away? i've never seen anything with him in it that was any good. i should have known just by his presence in the movie it was going to be a dud. i think christina milian's voice is good but not so great to make such a fuss over.
mel gibson is handsome - the movie.there's one thing you will learn at the end of this movie (and it isn't even the title); that mel gibson is a good looking man. that's pretty much it. ..so, mel can read women's minds. so cue lots of scenes of women checking him out, forming clear, straight sentences in their minds (does anyone talk to themselves like the women in this movie? if anyone could read anyone's mind, wouldn't it just be a bunch of indeciphrable gibberish, half sentences, words, songs and ideas?)..but i digress. i can buy any premise if it's well thought out and, for a comedy - funny. and this isn't any of those things. instead we get to see mel mugging to the camera for an hour and a half until all you want to do is smash his head in with a shovel, psycho ii style. "are you sure you won't have any tea, mel? clannnnnnng". now that i would watch...so, is this dvd what women want? maybe, but only the really stupid ones...the_curmudgeon_hates_you@yahoo.co.u
by dawn's early light.i saw a glimpse of this movie earlier on hbo and was interested enough to purchase the dvd.  too bad i didn't watch the movie first when it was free!  james earl jone's acting abilities were wasted on this movie, and i won't comment on the others..i'm glad that our armed forces are not as inept as portrayed.in this film.  sorry i can't be more complimentary, but.....
bad porn.the setting of this film is in the late 70s, just before adult movie theatres were driven out of business by the invention of the vcr and the subsequent explosion of pornographic vhs tapes.  burt reynolds plays a porno director who has the effrontry to try and be "artistic" in his craft.  heather graham plays his psycho-starlet, and mark wahlberg plays a porn star who is....well.....let's just say, endowed...wahlberg's character quickly becomes a huge hit and encounters success he would have never dreamed of. wahlberg's character seems to be a sort of oblique allusion to john holmes, although i don't know if the film-makers would admit as much.   at any rate, he becomes arrogant and begins to believe that he is loved for factors other than his "package."  this hubris leads to his un-doing as the world of porn coalesces with the world of drugs and lots of shady characters...this sounds like it would be the framework for a good movie.  well, it could have been, but all the way through there seems to be something missing.  there are times the film "seems" to try and convey a message, but i'm not really sure.  . .one thing i do know is that i quickly remembered why i've never cared for wahlberg.  he has all the screen presence of a bowl of yogurt.   also, i was expecting a lot more skin than what the film delivered.  given the context of the film, one would think that it would be an excuse to parade miles of topless women.  that's simply not the case...in the end, however, the biggest problem of this movie isn't wahlberg or the lack of nudity.  the difficulty is that it's just plain boring.  i have more than a passing interest in the history of porn, and yet this flick failed to grab me
i want a refund!.i wouldn't recommended this workout dvd to anyone! there was way too much chit-chat and it was very difficult to follow the three instructors. i've had this dvd for less than two weeks and sold it in a local pawn shop for $2
too cheesy.i used this video in the 90s and got rid of it after a while.  now i am back into fitness and got the dvd based on the previous reviews.  when the dvd came, i sat to watch it first and could not get past the cheesy chatter, costumes and outdated routine.  it may work, but home fitness has to be enjoyable and for me, this was definitely not.  try tamilee webb's recent stuff instead, like "i want that body" and her newer cardioblast.  great, not cheesy, and very effective
the cell phone is the main character.the most interesting part of this action movie is the centrality of the cell phone. the movie is a nokia product placement, highlighting what awful danger you are in if you are not connected and, conversely, what a phone can do for you if you have one. the plot centers on jessica (kim basinger) who is abducted because the bad guys think she has something that they need. mystery #1: what is it? ..after lots of running/driving in various parts of l.a. the bad guys round up jessica's family, while on the other end a pretty guy turned superhero and a would-be day spa owner cop are trying to help them. mystery #2: how will the cell phone save the day?..mystery #3. watch for the credits at the end of the film. they show up on a...? yep, you got it
cruel example of cultural imperialism at its worst: what about the kids.i too was mesmerized by this documentary, as an educator and student of child psychology, etc. then i heard the running commentary, especially the remarks of the cameraman, and realized what a vile example of grotesque cultural imperialism this is: using despised children for selfish purposes=prostitution...the cameraman calls one of the children a whiny b#tch (his words) and has a rather obviously ambiguous relation with another of the girls. the inclusion of these comments and some of the stills casts a telling pall over the entire enterprise. often under the guise of doing good we exact greatest harm, as mr. oscar wilde noted...this despicable film takes kids, uses them and disposes of them with the sneering arrogant attitude so overtly and unselfconciously expressed in the commentary by the cameraman, divides families and friendships, exposes children to realizing painfully and traumatically their condition, like liza dolittle, without hope of going either back or forward. the pain on their faces as they observe the film is especially telling
absolute junk..before i start on this idiot-magnet, let me get one thing straight - jackass was a good tv show. for all it's gross-out moments, there were moments of genuine class and originality...and i guess i know where they came from. on the one hand, we have johnny knoxville, who has moved on from jackass to become a genuine star in hollywood, going from mainstream success (dukes of hazzard) to critical acclaim (grand theft parsons) in just a couple of years. a genuine talent, and someone to watch in the future...then we have bam margera, who took his "is cruel to his parents" thing from jackass and made an entire show out of it. and it quite simply the most crass, unfunny and utterly, utterly fake rubbish on television...it's maybe a pity bam didn't have parents who were, i dunno, better actors than they are, because their "outraged" responses to his ha-ha-larious stunts wouldn't seem out of place at a sunday school play. the mother is the worst offender, and while bam's stupid tagalong friends laugh in all the right places, there is a genuine cruel streak and nasty side to bam that makes the whole program have a very bitter after-taste. i'd like to see what would happen if one of the yahoo's didn't laugh or go along with everything. ..of course, this show isn't aimed at the likes of the curmudgeon. it's aimed at the big-shorted dumbass kids who think avril lavigne rawwwwks and can't see another phony being stuffed down their easily pleased, "hey kids, this is cool" mtv propoganda-fed throats...a loathsome, spoilt man child abusing his stupid mother and morbidly obese father? you wonder why it doesn't work. then you remember it's one-trick pony bam margera, a guy pushing 30 who still tries to act like he's 14. and that his mother and father are in on every single second of it. another pitiful mtv product that you should steer well clear of...[...
awful.i wanted this movie to be good, but boy was i disappointed.  i've seen home movies with more acting, plot and feelings. parker posey should be embarrassed that she was in it.  save your money. the one guy is kind of hot so if you're looking for a butt shot, rent it and fast forward.
the lisbon suicides.therese, lux, mary, bonnie and cecilia make up the five lisbon girls, ages 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17. cecilia, the youngest, lives in her sisters shadows because they are all older and of much more interest to their male neighbors. as a cry for help, she slits her wrists and lays down in the bathtub, she survived the incident. after a psychiatrist highly impresses upon the strict mr. and mrs. lisbon that it would be benificial for cecilia to be exposed to environments which have boys her own age, mr. and mrs. lisbon decide to allow the girls to throw the one and only lisbon party. some of the neighborhood's boys are invited over and while the party is in session, cecilia is pretty inanimate, sitting on the couch while her sisters flirt, talk and laugh. midway through the party, cecilia asks to be excused and mrs. lisbon - though somewhat reluctantly - allows it. cecilia goes up to her room (on the second floor of a two-story house) and jumps out the window, landing on the spiked fence on the front lawn of the lisbon house. in this way, cecilia lisbon commited suicide. only four girls remain...the act which cecilia committed did not go at all unnoticed. the father saw her immediately, the party ended there and all of the boys went home rather glum. four of the lisbon's neighbors, four young boys, suffered a rapidly growing obsession with the lisbon girls, who were beautiful and a total mystery to the outside world. they got hold of cecilia's diary and tried to explain why she committed suicide. the eldest decided cecilia was a dreamer, and she did not think she would fall when she jumped out her window, she thought she would fly...with their youngest sister gone, the remaining lisbon girls grow closer to each other, stranding themselves further from the outside world. when school starts again, they attempt to go on acting as if nothing happened, not ever mentioning their youngest sister. the run-of-the-mill awkward act is taken part by the rest of the school however. the usual profuse apology to the mention of the word "death" and the like...trip fontaine is the most popular guy in school, the object of desire to all of the girls at school... except for the lisbon girls, which is of no importance to trip until he sets eyes on lux. trip cannot help but be enchanted by her flawless beauty. in the beginning, he is unsuccessful in his quest to even catch her attention for she bluntly shows she's not interested. but after his consistent courtship, lux falls for his charming ways. trip then attempts to convince mr. lisbon to let him and three of his football team pals take the lisbon daughters to homecoming. after mr. lisbon talks to his wife, he agrees to trip's request, knowing nothing but trip's sincerity and claimed honorable intentions, on the understanding that trip have all of the lisbon girls returned to the house by curfew...after trip explains the situation to his football peers, he gives in to those who bribe him the most handsomely. meanwhile, the lisbon girls are picking out fabric for the dresses they shall wear to the homecoming dance. though one pattern is used for all four dresses, each dress looks unique when concentrating on detail. once they pick up the girls, they stop midway to the homecoming in order to smoke, lux being the only girl volunteering to smoke..they then drive to the dance. trip and lux sneak away and sneak swallows of alcohol. another one of the lisbon sisters and her date follow, but leave soon afterwards, not being as wild nor daring as trip and lux. at the time they all decided to meet back at the car so they could make the girls curfew, they are all there... except for trip and lux, who at that time were alone in the middle of the football stadium field. deciding they must make their own curfews, therese, bonnie, mary and their dates leave without them. after fooling around, the intoxicated trip and lux fall asleep in the middle of the football stadium. trip awakens in the middle of the night and leaves lux there alone. when lux wakes up early the next morning she is confused as to why trip is not there. she takes a taxi home and her parents were worried sick (of course). but they take measures as far as pulling the girls out of school and stranding them inside the lisbon residence...the girls, in a desperate attempt to hold onto a connection to the outside world, begin using morse code to interact with the four boys who so closely follow their lives. one of which boys lived across the street and the rest which came over daily after this in order to contact the girls. soon following, the boys begin talking to the lisbon girls via phone. one day, the girls invite the boys to come over once mr. and mrs. lisbon are asleep. the plan being that the boys were to drive the girls somewhere, the boys hastily agree. they sneak over and lux invites them to wait inside for her sisters and lux goes to wait in the car. the boys wander down to the basement while waiting for therese, bonnie and mary, verbally expressing their hopes for the night. but then they realize they have stumbled upon one of the sisters. she had hung herself. the boys, scared to death, run all the way home. time passed, things changed, girls came and went... but no matter what, those four boys never forgot the lisbon suicides...ultimately, the movie was nothing short of queer. when trying to sum up the story in a few lines (such as "follow the lives of the lisbon sisters and how they connect to their neighbors. a story full of obsession, gossip, lust, love, desire and isolation.") the story sounds quite unique and intriguing, but the story fell short of that for me personally. partly because the lisbon sisters really committed suicide for a reason not much deeper than isolation. the movie, in places, is also extremely flawed. i do not believe mr. and mrs. lisbon could've removed their daughters from school for so long without their daughters being taken from them by social services. in many parts of the movie, they should've used upbeat music to fill the deafening silences. the whole movie was filmed in a style that i can truthfully say makes me rather bored. i would only suggest this film to, perhaps, people who like movies such as "elizabethtown" which kirsten dunst is also in. but i personally disliked this movie which was not very tasteful and will not be watching it again in the future
no need to suicide.i get the story line but 5 grown women need to suicide!?  the one dare to have a boyfriend and not go home for the night.  why would that kind of free sprite would kill herself!?!?  it is not matching the character
depressing and unrealistic..the virgin suicides starring kristen dunst, josh hartnett, kathleen turner and james woods lacks depth and a convincing storyline. this film is directed by sofia coppola (lost in translation), i really tried to like this movie but i was fooling myself, you would think this movie would be a hidden gem because of the coppola legacy but just because your father is frances ford coppola doesn't mean you belong in the same category as best director of all-time. sometimes magic does not stirke twice. how can all five sisters end up killing themselves, their homelife wasn't that unbearable, a lot of parents are religious, but that doesn't mean you'll wind up with thoughts of impending suicide. kristen dunst just gets on my nerves, her acting is the same in every film. don't believe the hype, the virgin suicides is not a groundbreaking, poetic film
disappointment.i was very disappointed with this product...be warned this is not the movies it is only the special features of them
left a bad taste.i searched for reviews of this movie before i saw it, and didn't find any. people i talked to had not seen it, but had heard it was good. so i finally sat down and watched it. the acting was top notch. it was a tightly scripted chick flick about two friendships. one in a nursing home, and one in the friendship retold by cleo threadgoode during those visits.  on the down side it was very feministic, to the point of portraying men in general of being evil ogres. women would be up in arms about any similar one sided portrayal of women. kathy bates' character went from being a trampled by everyone woman to a "don't push me" type. while much of this was funny, this was one extreme to the other rather than a middle ground. in spite of this i enjoyed the first part of the movie. that is until the surprise ending. while this gives away a bit of a plot spoiler, the ending involved unwitting cannibalism. this made me sick, and i felt sick a long time after watching it. had i known how sour the ending would be, i never would have watched this movie
technicolor angst.well, three german punks kidnap a rich guy (it doesn't really matter why).  most of the dialogue consists of a leftist rhetoric that hasn't been heard since the 1960s.  there are lots of gloomy shots of the various characters brooding with vague looks on their faces.  two of the kidnappers are male, one is female.  of course there's a love triangle.  they drink quite a bit and smoke some pot.  eventually they decide to let the guy go since they aren't the killing types.  there's a silly little twist at the end that is good for a laugh. ..find something else to do with your two hours, unless you want to practice listening to german.
astonishingly niave.i really enjoyed goodbye lenin, and it was mostly on the basis of seeing thatm film that i decided to watch this one. the film follows three idealistic, politically right-on young people rebelling against what they see as unthinking, selfish and uncaring bourgeois consumer society. this rebellion takes the form of breaking into rich peoples houses, moving their furniture around, and leaving notes like 'you are too wealthy' - very situationist (never mind the fact that this point is probably largely lost on the rich people they break into)..all this is fine and well, but the problem with the film is that on the one hand it glamourises these young people, and on the other paints every single other person in the film as some rich, ignorant bourgeois pig. in the first ten minutes or so, i thought this might be a clever bit of directing, in which we view society as seen through their eyes, rather than society in its reality. however, this wasn't to be the case. the world remained bourgeois, the kids are alright. the older generation bourgeoise are bare cyphers, and none (with the exception of the man they kidnap) is given anything like a personality. when a break-in goes wrong and they have to kidnap the rich man who lives there, and take him away to a shack in the hills. during this time, they decide to 'educate' him about the wrongs of the world and the rich man's part in them. the rich man barely challenges the young people at all, and accepts much of what he has done is probably wrong. ..the anti-capitalist argument running through the entire film is very one-sided. i could appreciate the film a little bit more if it was balanced, but this wasn't. furthermore, there are all the usual cliches associated with this type of work - the edukators are young, good-looking and artistic - the subtext being that because they are arty, they can see things that others can't. at one point, one of the characters is on a bus when three men (presumably police, though its not made clear) hassle a drunk for not having a ticket. the character angrily bursts in and tells them to leave the drunk alone, gives the drunk his ticket, and gets off the bus. do drunks even get hassled on buses by gangs of police? can't say that's my experience - amybe they do in germany. this is a recurring problem with the film - situations designed to show the main characters in a good light are contrived and unrealstic...the anarchist/marxist/anti-capitalist dialouge the characters preach is so generic that it actually ends up being meaningless - by the end of the film you don't actually know what exactly they stand for, or what their solutions are to the problems of society. basically, the one-sided political argument hamstrings the characters development. their views are never challenged, so they don't change. it is left to the kidnapping and love triangle to create the conflict in the film. the ending is also unbeleivably cynical, and completely undoes any idealism that had been generated in the course of the film...generally, it feels like a script written by a 1st year politics student, being so utterly simplistic in it's 'the rich are all bad' message. i would recommend this to anyone who is 17 years old and angry at society, but at the same time i wouldn't recommend it to anyone who wanted some insight into how we should solve the world's problems. ..there has been a rash of good political films lately - good night and good luck, syriana, the constant gardener. unfortunately, and given so much potential, this film is not one of them. shame
this is a movie about nothing....and not in a good way; in the bs philosophy way. this movie tries to delve into new activism and the circle of political life, but it goes nowhere and explains nothing. one could say that perhaps the theme of the movie is futility. ok, fair enough, but maybe rearranging furniture is not the best course of action for political and social revolution. just a thought. stay away unless you are majoring in liberal arts.
1.5 stars:  well, at least it was kinda funny, i guess...in a dark kind of way..don't look here for a horror movie my friends because you won't find it.  oh, "house" starts off well enough and the old lady's suicide creates an ominous tone and just when you think it might be a scary movie, it turns into a joke.  what you essentially have in the movie "house" is a dark comedy bordering on just downright comedy.  there is pretty much zero horror in this flick and when the villain is actually revealed to the audience, you just have to laugh out loud because it is meant to be funny.  if you like dark humor with just a taste of horror then this is really right up your alley...if you want a pure horror movie that will produce genuine scares, forget it because you won't get it with this movie.  incidentally and yet very sadly, this movie produced a pathetic sequel called "house ii" that is just plain crass, stupid and mindless humor...it is so bad that i will not even write a review on that garbage
what the heck (once again...).this is one of those films that makes me think it must be impossible for anyone to make a truly great film.  the back cover makes it sound like a must-see for anyone going through a tough time in their lives and wanting a shoulder to lean on, and it seems all the critics concur that that's not an inacurate description, yet when i tried watching this film, i couldn't stand it!  the whole thing was a jumbled mess.  it kept going back and forth between things that i just didn't care about, tedious, boring things, and i think it focused too much on the criminals involved in the story, making them sound sympathetic or whatever, when the film was about a cop who was overcome by grief (supposedly, or something like that) at the death of his partner who was viciously killed by a criminal.  a story like this shouldn't spend petty time detailing the exploits, trials and tribulations and whatnot of why the vicious killer kills people and does whatever else and all whatever...and when the writer wasn't focusing on the goodfornothing criminals, it focused on a bunch of pathetic backstory, the kind that makes teenagers cringe at the thought of reading a book (too much "character development").  and then i saw a truly breathtaking film, titled batman returns (1992) and was blown away by its depiction of heartbreak combined with stunning visuals, and everyone else is like "oh, who cares?"  i truly hate this film and i hate the society that lets people make such mediocre crap and then acts like its their civil duty to put up with it (as in watch it) and then say they liked it.  and no, not all my favorite films are action/pop-corn flix.  i also liked 1999's bringing out the dead, as well as 1976's taxi driver, and i even enjoy the occasional "little movie" (there's too many to mention, but i'll start with the last one i saw that i enjoyed: the wild dogs, by the director of the hanging garden - another film i hated).  ok, that's all i have to say about this film
i want a good copy!."way out west" is my favorite stan  ollie film. it is consistantly clever; the horse on the balcony, the head under the pail, the bodies in the piano, and of course, the delightful dance sequence. alas, i sold my really fine vhs version, expecting someone to eventually give justice to this fun romp. when do you think someone, even criterion, will wake up and realize that quality entertainment cannot be compromised, and a loving public will not settle for mediocrity?
nice mess....again.i just saw part of this dvd. i have no reason to buy it, since i have the universal box set. a pal of mine has one of those little players with a small screen. you would think that seeing this disc on such a tiny screen would hide any defects. wrong!..hallmark has yet again shown nothing but contempt for what is quite possibly it's greatest artistic asset: the laurel  hardy sound films from hal roach. proper restorations of these films have been made and are widely available. hallmark chose to use some of the poorest condition source material around...i've looked at some of the reviews on this page. they cover all of the problems, so i won't rehash them. suffice to say, there is no reason to buy this inferior product. ..virtually everything in the laurel  hardy catalog is out there in fine shape. the only issue is format, but that's not much of an issue, either. you can get multi-region players for as little as $50. stan  ollie are reason enough, but there is plenty of other stuff out there that you can only watch if you make this small investment...this release is not a dvd for watching. it is a dvd for lying down and avoiding
bad dancing.the music is bad and so is the dancing.  i donated this to my public library so that people can try it for free before committing any funds to it.  however it is better than no exercise at all
very disappointed.first, i didn't break a sweat, and i would consider myself an intermediate in the aerobic area.  second, the music is not music.  it's someone with a synthesizer hammering out a lame "latin-esqe" beat.  i was looking good some fun and inspiring latin music and well this is not it. it is sooooo cheesy.  this dvd *might* be good for the very early beginner or someone who's trying to learn english as a second language (the dvd is bilingual).  other than that, i can't see much use
viva! latin rhythm workout.the quot;latinquot; moves in this workout seem strangely like american aerobics to me.  you can work up a sweat by adding a lot of intensity to the moves, but if you're interested in latin dance, my advice is to buy brazilian dance workout with vanessa isaac instead.  this workout just isn't as energetic and fast-paced as it looks
fantastic pq, awful movie..reference picture quality on hd-dvd.  basically unwatchable though.  i would not recommend the blind buy on this one.
the american president.great movie, excellent acting!  annette benning is priceless as the love interest in this film about a widower in the white house.  he seeks a relationaship with an environmental lobbyist, of all things, and though their relationship is open and above board, the politicians use it against the incumbent during his run for reelection.  politics are ugly, but truth prevails in this optimistic movie.  my husband and i love this one and we have watched it many times.  we always love the ending because we enjoy love winning and truth being stronger than bad politics.  easily one of my favorites.
an affair to remember, the american president  love affair.i was about to get in touch with you because my purchase has been a disaster. all 3 dvds are not compatible with the european standards, and it says on the back of at least one of them that the item are not allowed to be sold outside usa and canada. i did of course not recognice this before i had given them away as a present to my parents, they had for such a long time wanted these movies. it was a sad moment when they put the first dvd in the dvd player. so they are of course all unwrapped because i was sertain that a well known company like yours did not fool around with theyr customers......i am so dissapointed.i had to pay toll on them as well when they came to norway, so if i get 3 new ones send i will have to pay toll once more???? then the purchase is becoming rather expensive for me..so what can you do to make amends? i am rather angry about this..rang
i love jane austen, but i hated it.call me a jane austen purist but i hated this movie, i did. i tried to bring myself to like it, but i feel as if the ae version was more closer to the time, the era, the clothing, the language, the seting, etc..and then the constant childish giggling, this is not the lizzie i know..the more i watched of the film the more i saw characters being destroyed. for example, mr. bennett was just not believable to me and mr. colins was poorly cast. i just didn't like this film, even i did think that mcfayden did a good job in presenting darcy but i don't know, this film just did not do it for me. i feel as if jane austen would be rolling in her grave if she saw this version. i do. i dont know how else to describe my disapointment.....
war  rememberance.we were very disappointed - it seems that a considerable amount was left out, whar happened? the tv series included considerable more than was in that set of dvd's. we saw them a couple of weeks ago and are still quite angry!
it's that bad.i can't recommend watching this movie. maybe if you like the pain and have never seen some of the older movies that now famous stars have done. it's really no that entertaining, believe me
to be the man, you got to kiss as much ass as humanly possible..there are a lot of questions in this world that remain unanswered. such as, why are we here, is there life after death and why the hell isn't ric flair dead yet!   ..ric flair completely stole his gimmick from the original "nature boy" buddy rogers and he is a routine wrestler if i ever saw one. all of his matches contain exactly the same routine, which consists of a chop, being thrown from the top rope, low blow, ball grabbing, bleeding and the figure four-leg lock. also, man is this guy slow, he's so slow he makes oscar night look relatively short.  ..i can't believe this senile old fool actually believes he is the greatest wrestler of all time. i would actually put him in second place on the all time list with everybody else at number one and triple h at number three. the only reason he isn't washed up and lying in the gutter with all the other wcw retards is that he's kissing some much ass backstage at the wwe. ric flair is a 16-time world champion, but even viscera could of won 16 world championships if he had bookers for friends.     ..is it me or is anyone else sick of seeing his saggy man breasts on television. please someone buy the man a sports bra. i am praying for the day that someone takes this old fool out to the barn and puts him down because i am sick and tired of seeing this limousine riding, jet flying piece of crap! ..by the way, i was really disappointed with this dvd and i wouldn't recommend it to anyone with a pulse.
disturbing.i may have once considered this movie to be somehow romantic, like so many other reviewers.  but, that would have been during my single days or during the years of marriage that i thought were happy and stable.  however, after having my world turned upside down by infidelity this movie just serves as a disturbing reminder of the weak emotional nature of so many people who lack the discipline to be true to the fidelity they vowed on the alter.  now i have to wonder if total reconsiliation is really possible or if people predisposed to this behavior are destined to seek happiness outside of marriage at any cost.  i was starting to believe that couples who survive infidelity can have stonger, happier relationships than they ever experienced with each other before the affair but this movie casts doubt on the cheaters - can they ever really be content with their spouses?  it's a sad reflection on the human condition.  yes, bitter sweet indeed
is there anything more tiresome than social satire 30 years later?.some stories date really badly, and this film based on a major broadway hit of a few years before is one. all the social satire of looking back is predicated on a 1970s pov, and that view is in itself so skewed that practically none of it is either funny or relevant. decent enough work by alan alda and ellen burstyn, but the writing and directing cant be compensated for.
yet more abberant human behaviour glorified by hollywood!.it seems to me like somehow hollywood manages to glorify nearly every abberant human condition such as alcoholism (barfly, cocktail), drug abuse (blow) and a host of other subjects. this movie glorifies adultery as alan alda and ellen who is not burstin' with anything spend one weekend a year having sex with each other. one has to begin to wonder just how much these two need each other as they seem to manage quite well apart for the other 363 days of the year. this is a  pitiful and very tedious and sad excuse for a movi
such a bad movie they made a second!.the first movie was full of hammy and snobbish acting. perhaps it was the point of the first movie to just be rude and awkward because the plot of this movie is that a boy bets his step sister that he can sleep with the new girl on campus. this is not an original plotline, but the added twist is that if the boy sleeps with this new girl, as part of the bet the step sister will give herself to her step-brother. take that for what its worth. there was a good crop of rookie actors in the first movie, but then the second movie is not worth it at all. it was a b movie... which is why it went straight to video. if your a frustrated teen boy, you will love this movie for its sexual content. otherwise, it is greatly overacted and over dramatic
what????.i bought this for my dad's birthday.  he is a fisherman.  this movie is one of the worst i've ever seen.  not entertaining, not funny, not interesting, not even a fishing movie.  i bought it based on several reviews i read.  this is the first time i've been led astray on amazon.  the "5 stars" rating must be a review by people with a financial interest in this waste of digital energy
three stooge version.this is the second remake of the original french version from around 1970.  this one is the worst of the three.  the gags remind me of the three stooges movies.  they are overdone and drawn out to pad the movie to 90 minutes.
lame.it's been about 7 or so years as far as i can remember since i last saw south park, and i have to say, i just remember it being more funny.  this movie was unbearably lame...on the tv shows, there are actually some witty lines.  i just sat through this movie listening to stupid songs that weren't even funny, just the "shock value" of watching cartoons curse.  the curses weren't even funny, either ... just sort of stupid 'baby talk' type profanity; what is an "uncle f%*er" anyways?..i have to conclude that stone and parker are two of the most overrated guys out there.  team america world police just sort of drifted around with again, the novelty of puppets cursing.  and while i rented this film hoping to just have some stupid fun like i did years ago watching south park on tv, it was a real disappointment...who cares about the cursing?  that's not what put me off.  it was just not funny
i stopped laughing at gratuitous swearing when i was 8.i didn't switch of after 3 minutes because i thought the film was trying to be deliberately bad as a precursor for the better bits to come.  i switched off after 7
a few bright moments, but mostly just sucked compared to the tv show!.there were some excellent, hilarious moments in this film. but as a whole, it was not good.  the profaneness was "forced" and it was obvious.  at times, it added humor, but most of the time it made it stupid.  the whole saddam and satan thing was just stupid and more geared towards a 14 year old than the usual, ironic adult humor this show is good for.  save this 81 minutes of your life.  or, better yet, watch some of the former tv episodes.  many of those are great!
worst movie evar!.i love bad cheesy movies (see 'the stuff'), but this has got to be one of the worst movies i've ever seen.  mind you, i *did* make it through the whole thing so i guess something made me keep watching.  maybe it was hope that it would get better
boring and quite uneven.the three stories are quite uneven, being the wan kar wai's segment the most interesting: well acted, well photographed and with a kind of catchy story line. however, the other too are a wonderful invitation to sleep. the steven soderbergh tale is awfully dull and nothing really interesting happens. the antonioni piece is the most disappointing one, not only for being the worst but for being anyonioni's. it's absolutely pointless and confusing; in many instances, it seems to be an amateurish test from a lazy cinema student. it's a pity it's antonioni's since his reputation deserves more than this. only for the wan kar wai piece, i give this movie 2 stars
proves you should not do sequels.peyton place was a fine movie.  so naturally they did a sequel..none of the stars of the original returned (they must have known)..the talent-free, carol lynley, once again proves that.  the only good thing in this is mary astor and they cut her part a lot..stick with the original
good start, terrible ending..risen from the dead of 1998 direct to dvd hell the cast of katie holmes, nick stahl, steve railsback, bruce greenwood and william sadler make an entrance here in this bit part movie that copies "the faculty" without trying to be very different - drug themes, school themes, monster themes, bullies as football players, it is all the same. no cgi or special effects, this is acting driven... but off the cliff, its sudden appearance in 1998 as a shelf space filler does not do it any more credit now. watch another film with these fine actors in it, certainly the "the faculty" instead, or even william sadler in "demon knight"
thriller or comedy?.omifg! this was one of the worst movies ever made! me and my cousin watched it last night, and were crackinig up, the script is hilarious! who actually talks like that?! we watched it for a half hour only because we wanted to see if it would get any better, uhhh...sadly, no. we watched quot;american beautyquot; instead *brilliant.* i really loved james marsden in quot;gossipquot;-which was an excellent movie, but the only thing 'disturbing' about this was the writing. like james, l also liked his weird friend in quot;wastedquot; but not at all in this. i love katie holmes, but even she couldn't help this project, talk about a waste of film money and time
blecchh (warning - spoiler ahead).this was an awful movie.  the premise was an obvious rip off an outer limits episode (straight and narrow), but i was curious to see what could be done with the topic in a feature-length format.  i was sadly disappointed.  the film eliminated everything that was interesting about the outer limits episode, and instead filled itself with...nothing.  in the end the viewer is left with no real reason not to believe the "bad guys" about the hormonally induced killing being a temporary and soon to be remedied side effect.  by the time the credits rolled, i was not convinced that the microchips were a bad idea, when properly executed, and i don't think leaving the audience with that ambiguity was the intention of the filmmakers.  to sum up: don't watch this movie.  it's bad.  watch the 1990's outer limits episode, "straight and narrow," starring ryan philippe, instead
ho-hum, so-so film,  but intense and watchable gerard butler.i give this 2.5 stars, and that's mostly because 1. the gimmick/idea that ties together the "whys" of dracula is interesting and 2. gerard butler has amazing screen presence...the story: baddies go to steal a hidden treasure (thinking valuable item). this item has been encased and entombed by van helsing (yeah, that van helsing), the guardian of this particular treasure. as you can guess, it's not jewels or the holy grail. it does have to do with blood: dracula. baddies get killed/turned. dracula, who has some kind of psychic connection to van  helsing's daughter, mary(estranged from papa and living in new orleans pre-katrina), goes seeking the woman of his dreams. nothing really interesting or spooky happens. yes, folks get bitten. yes, some get killed. yes, nice guy goes to save mary from a toothy fate. sirens do their ho-hum thing to nice guy hero. dracula has showdown with mary. and...well...not giving the ending away...ultimately, we get a new (to me, anyway) spin on the tale when we find out how dracula was created, and why silver and sunlight and crucifixes and holy water are feared and hated objects to vampiredom. it's a somewhat elegant answer, but it can't satisfy for a lackluster preamble to the revelation...justine waddell doesn't do much with her role. christopher plummer is rather wasted. jonny lee miller has a few cute lines, but is kind of disposable, if likable. omar  epps didnt' get a chance to do anything worth watching. (he's much better on house, where he gets some real characterization and infinitely better dialogue.)..so, there's really only one reason to watch this film: gerard butler...now, putting aside for the moment that it's truly bizarre to have dracula speak in a scottish accent--fetching, but odd--one can overcome this oddity by the sheer personal magnetism of the man. he makes clunky lines shine through overwhelming emotive power, some real acting chops, and the physical presence to carry off the role. oh, if they'd only put better lines into his mouth, and not just sharp canines! only at the end does he really get to speak and emote and burn. it's lovely to watch, for however briefly. a genuinely excellent choice for dracula, except that scottish accent. weird...if you're a butlerian crushgirl--by all means, rent or buy this. the moments with mr. butler are worth the price. when he sniffs mary, it's the kind of fully-dressed erotic moment that puts all the nude scenes in cinema to shame, and it proves that when you have people with intensity and charisma and screen "itness", an expression, a breathy phrase, these are more sensual than a million displays of nakedness and groaning...if you're not a g.b. fan, or a serious jonny lee or plummer or whomever else in the film fan, skip it. it's just not very good movie-making. all it's got in the end is the cool historical twist and gerry butler. for some of you, that may be enough. ..mir
bah humbug.this film offers none of the cheap thrills of a horror film, and has many flaws:  a silly plot, cheap religious imagery (dracula is judas, jeez louise), and not one truly sexy or scary moment. and it wastes three gorgeous gals as dracula's brides, including jennifer esposito  jeri ryan. if you can't make a film sexy with these two, you're in the wrong business. craven has an over inflated rep as a director, he doesn't deserve any rep as a producer, if this leaden film is a sample. it makes the worse universal horror film look like citizen kane in comparison. .save your money and pick up something scary instead, like bava's black sunday or any hammer horror
a badly scripted movie with some wrongly casted choice.gary grant's mother did not look a bit like his mother, more like his wife, the age difference simply non-exist! a terrible cast. the other problem was the attitude the mother towards his son. she simply despised him, but in fact, her son was a quite successful and respectful person in the society. i just don't know why the mother role was so cynical to her son.  some of the plot twists in this movie also looked very pretentious. the genre also losing grip, could hardly determined itself either a thriller or a comedy. so many scenes simply looked too staged and too phony, the absurdity of the screenplay was self-served to be imposed as normal in a common sense, but of course, if the viewers could lose themselves from the logic, anything was possible and acceptable. in that era, most of the popular movies were all like this one, mixed with romance, suspensful twists of the scenario,  actions, thugs, beautiful and mysterious women, almsot non-stop romantic theme music, sound effect synchronized with all the movements and reactions with the actors and every part of the stories. we've watched this movie couple of times before, but this time, after watched it developed into ridiculous and pretentious scene after scene, we just hit the reject button and put it back into the plastic box. you don't have to agree with me, because this is just my personal viewing after thought.
why did everyone love this title????.really people, 5 stars? while the plot of gantz seems like it would make a great series, what was achieved in two seasons could have been done in two dvds. i kept wanting to yell at the tv, "get on with it!" i wanted to know more about the characters and i wanted to see how they would overcome this strange situation they were thrust into and i wanted to see more monsters. but alas, all i got was dbz feeling fights going on for many episodes and endlessly whining characters. ..the art in gantz is beautiful. the concept is so cool. the characters are rich and feeling. it just takes too long to get to the point and then leaves you empty with a confusing ending and bad plot holes...definatly not 5 stars
what's up, doc?.the episodes are great! and so it is disappointing as [censored] that wb don't put the episodes out in the right order - which have the consequence of messing up a story arc. it takes so little research to put the episodes in the right order, and it means so much to fans of the series, that it is unforgivable ... hence my one star. (i just can't believe it can happen. i thought wb was a giant cooperation with concerns about their image, instead it seems that wb are as infantile as bugs bunny, whom i personally outgrew at the age of 3 seconds. if i give wb too less credit, then they must have done the mix-up of episodes on purpose - making it more rational for people in the near future to buy this product again in high def without the mix-up. so what are you wb? babys or evil masterminds?)..i'm sorry to create a bad atmosphere, when people, looking at this title, probably just want to read some positive comments, to get excited, when looking forward to buying it (i do, when browsing products), but i believe it is even more dissapointing to discover the episode mix-up on the dvds unwarned, and i just had to get my dissapointment of wb out in the world
5 stars for the series 1 star for the defective dvd.1st, let me say that i love (love!!!!) the jlu seasons...and, i was very excited when i found out that these episodes were coming to dvd.  to my great disappointment, i found that disc 3 (the one with aquaman on the cover of the disc) would not play in any of my dvd players, including my computer dvd player.  i returned the item to amazon, and amazon replaced it in a flash.  again, disc 3 would not play in my computer dvd player, and it took several times of ejecting and reinserting the dvd into my standard dvd player to even start the disc.  i returned (sadly) the item again to amazon who said that they have been experiencing numerous problems with this dvd edition.  so, sadly my wait continues....buyer beware.  i can understand a problem with one disc from one order...but to experience the same problem with the same disc from two different orders...that to me spells defective disc for all.  anyone else out there have a problem with disc 3 not playing???
the worst action movie i've ever seen.i guess success turned around for sam raimi in 2002  2004 with the two spider-man films, but first he created this "v" like character in this garage of a movie, i liked "v for vendetta" but not this "darkman" if want to see a badly burned viligante in a mask see "v for vendetta" don't see "darkman
"you're going down burnhead" ???.i have to say that i was not familiar with any darkman comics, or had had any other contact with the character apart from this movie so i cannot compare the character to other sources. therefore, coming from someone that did not "know" darkman prior to the film i have to say that the movie was quite a disappointment!.there are the obvious comic book characteristics that one finds in these types of movies, like the shadow, batman etc, which is interesting.  .nevertheless, darkman was quite a disappointment considering the make-up of the cast: liam neeson, larry drake, and frances mcdormand among others.  it is the story of a scientist who falls victim to a group of gangsters resulting in his horrendous disfigurement.  in an effort to exact revenge, he makes use of his latest invention in order to appear like his targets/victims....  .in short, the acting and the plot are average (nothing great), while the dialogues are way below average.  the movie falls into the action/adventure/horror type of category.  .the characters are, overall, bland and just plain uninteresting (e.g. rick anderson played by the "fool," ted raimi, from the xena series)..though the potential for a good movie was definitely there it fails to take off.  a shame really...  .in a nutshell, it's not a movie you would want to add to your collection, but it might provide for an evening's entertainment, and that's about it. .no masterpiece here... 2 stars
banality by any other name.jeez, maybe i am getting old, but i really found absolutely nothing about this film to be interesting or original in the slightest.  ..a brilliant scientist.  disfigured.  angry.  finds temporary techie fix for face.  goes to get bad guys.  fighting.  more fighting.  still more fighting.  ex mate learns he's alive.  he leaves her anyway (he's too ugly).  the end.  more to come, if successful.  not recommended
go to he**.in the worlds time of crisis you have to show your true colors!!!!! go to hell!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just kept getting worse and worse.....i loved the early m*a*s*h episodes.  equally intelligent, humane, cynical, sardonic, and just right out hilarious, they were some of the best television ever produced.  unfortunately, the show moved away from this formula (which worked amazingly well) to the latter day formula.  the show became overly preachy, annoying, incredibly sanctimonious, politically correct, badly acted, badly written, pretentious, and downright silly at times.  the show ran for 11 seasons, and with all sitcoms that run too long, it quickly ran out of juice.  but that doesn't excuse the poor quality of the shows from 1975 onwards.  hawkeye and bj's characters became incredibly annoying, especially hawkeye and his constant flirting with nurses.  it was funny early on, but as he aged, it became more and more childish.  alda's acting is way over the top in these later seasons.  since he was the one running the show for all intended purposes, i suppose no one told him to tone it down.  charles is really the only intelligent and sympathetic character here, and the one i like the most.  you're not supposed to like him because of his "blue blood" upbringing, but you do anyway, because hawkeye and bj are so damn irritating.  you would think that bj and hawkeye wouldn't be so naive sometimes about things, considering they've been in a war now for years.  soldiers are very jaded, cynical people, and with good reason.  they don't get more naive as time progresses.  the early episodes had hawkeye much more jaded than in these later ones, and it should be the other way around.  watch the first 3 seasons (except when henry gets killed, which was just done for cheap shock value).  those were the best...
an abc after-school special on steroids and whip-its.one of the most laughably bad, most overwrought, ridunculous movies ever. if this is "terrifyingly real," then showgirls was a documentary. good lord, what a groan-fest
horrible compilation.atrocious compilation - it's of some of the worst films the coens' did (excluding the big lebowksi) and does not include their most famous films.  what were they thinking?  it's like if they released a spielberg compilation but only included catch me if you can, ai, minority report, and war of the worlds.  wtf!!!!..plus you can buy each dvd separately and come under the asking price of the entire set.  the big lebowski and the man who wasn't there are about 10 bucks new in most stores.  blood simple and int. cruelty (which is the most uncoen film ever) are closer to 5 in many places i've seen.  so don't fall into the "compilation trap" because you are not getting a "bulk" discount.  just buy the films you want separately.  most coen dvds are very reasonable price wise.  ..any coen compilation without fargo, barton fink, and raising arizona is worthless.  .and again, you're better off spending $40 on those dvds individually.
the coen brothers collection.the dvds we received were not formatted to zone 4 (australia) se we've had to return the goods, unfortunately.  therefore, no helpful comments
didnt laugh once.i think maybe i saw the preview for this on another platinum series dvd and it looked funny so i bought it because i wasnt real familiar with alex thomas i had just seen him on a couple shows, but it wasnt funny not at all. it couldnt end soon enough at first i was thinking it would get funny then i just wanted to take it out not funny, shoulda rented it and not bought i
i agree with "brodyman", a gremlins wannabe......a very cheap quick ripoff of a commercial success of gremlins. the kid below me is to stupid to know what good films are. take the pacifier out of your mouth and change your diapers, mommas boy
what was the point?.i remember seeing this film as a kid and thinking to myself, maybe when i'm older i'll understand the signifigance of this movie. but 29 years later i'm even more confused as to why this film was made. .."king of marvin gardens" took me a record-breaking four sittings to watch because i kept falling asleep. don't get me wrong. i appreciate a thoughtful, well-written, well-acted human interest story--but where was the human interest in this flick?? why am i supposed to be interested in these characters?? interesting characters don't have to be nice and heroic, but they certainly have to be compelling! ..i think after the tremendous success of "five easy pieces" (deservedly so), that genre of anti-story must have been all the vogue in cinema during the mid-1970s. with the exception of the last 10 minutes you have an absolutely flatliner of a film here.  movies of that period, like "fat city" and "scarecrow" do a much more effective job of conveying the dire banality of real life...although the packaging and  presentation for the "king of marvin garden" dvd was flawless
not worth the buy.dont buy it not enough action but rent i
some of the kids featured have dirty noses.lots of fun for the little ones. however, the 'nose' part is not fun at all because some of these cute kids need a good nose cleaning. i wonder how much time was put into creating this dvd, and and on the kids' cleanliness
how this movie got so many good reviews is beyond me..i like sissy and marissa but holy cow, this movie moved at a snails pace. i almost fell asleep waiting for the gun shot.  the story is so typical girl with two kids looking for some sap to help her out so she picks a naive high school grad.  pulls some smooth sex moves on the poor kid and gets his pee-pee all in a whirl and he becomes king kong and wants to protect her from her "horrible" estranged hubby, and play daddy to her brats. its a no win situation, legally he's an "adult" so mom and dad can't forbid him from diddling with the tramp and unfortunatly he's in the wrong place at the wrong time and gets killed for no good reason.  and she ends up going back to her estranged hubbby and thinks what he did to get her back was soooo romantic.  the world is full of dumb c--ts and even dumber men.  don't bother with this one
oh, i felt the pain.....this film should have lasted about twenty five minutes. the only real action that occured in the movie would probably play out at about that length. i am no action movie junkie, but in the bedroom left me desperate for the credits to roll up, just so i could see something move. it is a film filled with talent, from the cast to the crew. but despite that, it loses itself in mood. while i did feel the angst that the characters felt in this film, it simply went on too long. silent, anesthetized, and gruesomely meticulous, the film had no heartbeat. there was no effort to invest the viewer. in time, it became nothing more than annoying. i stopped sympathizing with the characters, and started desperately desiring a finale. it wasn't a terrible film, but it was a disappointment. all the awards it was nominated for had me expecting something much more powerful and significant; it left me merely drained
adventures in racism.with all due respect to the director of adventures in babysitting, chris colombus, he helped create one of the most racist films in american cinematic history...is it well crafted?  yes.  is the acting okay?  yes.  does it move along?  heck, just like a windup toy...but please consider the plot: ..a white girl (elizabeth shue, lightyears from her work in leaving las vegas) is baby-sitting several white kids, when she gets a desperate phone call from her white girl friend.  why is her white girl friend desperate?  because she is stuck in a downtown bus station, surrounded by (gasp) african americans!..naturally, shue races off, baby-sitting kids in tow, to rescue her friend from this tragic situation.  maybe she should have called jesse jackson first, eh?..when shue gets downtown, various amusing adventures ensue.  but how can it be ignored that each of the adventures involves meeting someone who lives in the inner city who is african american.  and every single african american she meets is a criminal.  there is only one exception: (are you ready?  'spoiler' ahead!): the african americans who sing and dance!..colombus must have been very disappointed that steppin fetchit (who adopted that stage name as a joke) was not alive and could not appear in his film...there is one african american who helps shue and who does not sing and dance.  (spoiler ahead) i kept hoping he would turn out to be an undercover cop.  but, no, he was a car thief...it would appear that mr. colombus is not aware of any non-singing, non-dancing african americans who are not thieves, thugs or crooks...the film is a disgrace.  really.  the fact that it is well produced makes it even worse--it can not be written off as a cheapy done by people who did not know better.  ..for anyone who has seen mr. colombus' other films, however, the racism of this film should come as no surprise.  "home alone" was set in a similarly all white world (there was a single african american with a speaking part of a few lines, and no other non-white cast members).  ..even in j.r. rowling's harry potter series, which devoted a great amount of time to racism issues (between 'muggles' and magic practitioners, a brilliant symbolic foray into racism by rowling), colombus managed to dilute her anti-racism message. look at the first two harry potter films, which he directed: multi-cultural england in colombus' hands becomes an almost entirely all white country.  only after colombus leaves the series do non-white actors get a chance...this film should not be praised.  it should be held up as an example of cultural bias and racism...i generally do not write negative reviews, but this film has been given a 'free ride' for way too long by american film critics.  but they are the same critics who praise 'gone with the wind', a four hour film about the civil war which does not once mention the word 'slave'.  the racism of 'gone with the wind' has been ignored by most reviewers.  it took a long time for me to realize how racist it was.  when i first saw it as a kid, i thought scarlett o'hara must have been a wonderful employer! i assumed that scarlett must have had a wonderful dental plan for her african american employees, to keep them so loyal!
50,000 frenchmen can be wrong.i bought this dvd based on the 87 good reviews. there was a one-star rating, but i thought it was an odd data point. i forgot what my hs history teacher told us: 50,000 frenchmen can be wrong. frankly, those who thought it was a 5-bagger must have all their taste in their mouths. i also question their sense of humor: there's not much that's funny about this film...still, if you are dying to watch a movie, and it's the only thing on tv, go for it, but don't waste your money buying it...ps. some of the language is a bit hard for a pg-13 rating. i don't advise watching it with kids...pps. the poster artists' immagination never ceases to amaze me. there is nothing in the movie that even comes close to the picture on the cover
not what it seems.skateboarding could really do without self conscious myth making like this. one part that really got me mad was the film maker saying "these guys were making history every single day!" or something to that effect. who are the egotistical ones, the filmakers there to get rich and famous or the skaters who made their own decks and skated curbs in the rain for the enjoyment of it? i eventually flicked channels half way through the movie after a piece of dubious editing...stuff like this gets in the way of skateboarding
a film about losers.two or three skateboarders become famous performing tricks like trained seals while two or three thousand skateboarders turn to drugs and alcohol to combat their depression of not accomplishing a damn thing in life.  this movie glorifies individuals whose only contribution in life is standing on top of a piece of wood with wheels.  wow.  they are so radical and cool.  i just wanna quit work, get myself a piece of wood with wheels, and spend the rest of my adult life in venice beach somewhere gliding up and down the boardwalk looking for that big break, like an ankle or arm or hip or, if i'm really lucky, my neck.  surf's up, dude
complete waste . . ... . . of about 50 minutes i'll never get back.  the movie is 93 minutes, but around minute 53 i decided i was so bored and didn't care what happened.  like another review, i agree that characters were insulting and borderline offensive.  not quirky or interesting.  they're acting like people in big cities think people in small towns who work in dollar general type places act and think like that.  and did i mention it was boring?  so mind numbingly boring.  there are so many more movies that successfully accomplish what i assume this movie was attempting.  i can't be bothered to think of examples, because i'm working on regrowing the brain cells i lost watching this
lust in aisle seven..if jennifer aniston's "friend" rachel greene ever had a weird dream i could imagine it to be just like this minimum-waged, sex- changed variation of "the graduate."  but just like rachel, i'd probably shake it off as a weird time spent in the twilight zone..."the good girl" would have believe that somewhere in red state u.s.a. aniston is a frustrated 30 year old sales clerk in a mythical "k-martesque" store called the "retail rodeo." her name, pun intended, justine last. as we can deduce from aniston's off screen monologue (which she reads in a forest gump-ish, "id-like-to-be-profound, but-i-just=got hit-by-a=baseball-bat" kid of sound), she feels trapped just like all the seemingly robots around her.  married to a pot-headed, dim bulb of a husband (the wonderful john c. reilly), last yearns to be rescued and believes she's finds her shining knight in the person of an introverted but passionate younger man named holden worther(jake gyllenhaal).  the sex is great, of course, and before last can bask in her newfound sense of intimatacy and hope for a better life she must contend with a major problem- holden is a lovesick loon. ..from there on director miguel arteta and writer mike white turn the tables on our own expectations for finding love in odd places .  no last minute romantic rescues here for "the good girl" is ultimately a cynical, extramarital version of "a simple plan" where one misdeed leads serio-comically to another.  ..it's game for part of the way but the movie ultimately is phoney.  another condescinding, hollywood take on life in fly-over land as a fate worse than death.  all the characters are made to go a beat slower and drag around their surroundings like zombies from the movie "dawn of the dead." further proof of the filmakers blue state status are depicted by haveing gyllenhaal's parents act   like the subjects in the painting "american gothic." they're two  silent, moronic centurians.   ..aniston is just too sitcom spunky and creamy-complexted for the low-rent heroine.  her homestyle accent comes and goes while gyllenhaal's hair looks as if it was styled somewhere on rodeo drive. the movie's one bright spot is zooey deschanel as aniston's morose co-worker.  a funny riff she repeated in the movie "failure to launch."  wake up, rachel.  wake up
complete waste of time!.the good girl is a horror of a film. it imagines itself as an ode to the everyman, trapped in a humdrum existence. what it becomes on film is an insulting example of hollywood filmmaking at its worst. i use the word insulting because that is what i felt as i watched this movie. aniston, nelson, gyllenhaal, all are trying so hard to be average that they seem on the verge of a "forrest gump" imitation.  gyllenhaal and aniston in particular seem to be doing a caricature of working folk. the way they slump around and furrow their brows as they trudge thru the tired dialog, it's as though each is fighting to understand what the other is saying. ..the film itself is grey and dull. the other characters in the film flat and stereotypical (i.e. the coworker who invites her to bible study). ..overall this movie isn't worth the time or effort it took to transfer it to dvd. in another era it probably would have never made it to the screen. oh how i miss that era.....
one star for zooey deschanel..this is a movie that starts out nowhere, and for 95 minutes takes you further than any nowhere you ever dreamed of.  unimaginative, lacking in humor, and a senseless plot, the good girl is definitely a movie for anyone who loves other bad, nonsensical current movies like crash.  jennifer aniston plays a new version of rachel, and the writing is just awful.  the only good thing about this movie is zooey deschanel, but then, zooey can sparkle like a diamond in any old trash heep
ok, nothing exceptional!.aniston is just about ok, but manages to leave an impression of sorts! however the downside was that she kind of brought the "friends" method of acting in this movie too! also the movie does not really explain some of aniston's actions such as why she told the store manager about jake's whereabouts ! sort of a half-finished movie! not a well polished product!
great information, poorly presented.i bought this film after being fascinated with what the bleep do we know..the problem with this one is that dr. tiller assumes his audience has a background in physics..i am showing my own ignornance in giving it one star...but i couldn't follow the dang thing even though i knew the information was true and vital...if you're a dummy like me, stick with "bleep"..jack schlatte
borrrriinnnng!!!!.i'm sorry but despite some brilliant acting performances from hopkins and thompson this has got to be one of the most boring movies i've ever tried to sit through. don't be fooled by artsy film snobs, this one is a snoozer. and oh by the way, the tenacious "loyalty, devotion and integrity" of hopkins character that so many critics think is the cornerstone of the film, is in my opinion, distracting and ridiculous
if you like the back of william hurt's head....the only good thing in this movie was ms. howard's performance, she is innocent and believable.   i can't understand how good actors like weaver, hurt, and phoenix would let themselves be wasted on this. the 'plain' dialogue among the 'elders' is painfully numbing, choppy, and stilted.  and the directing drove me crazy, especially since m. night...insists on filming group scenes as is he was just passing through, or following them without ever bothering with close-ups. these scenes make me feel like they were done by an amateur filmmaker with a his first video camera.   if you like the back of william hurt's head, you'll get plenty of it in this film, the camera seems to avoid his face like the plague; which is too bad, since when he finally has a good speech, we are deprived of the anger i imagine was in his eyes.  i agree with others, i would have worked better as a 30 minute twilight zone episode.  rent it first before you buy, and save some money for a classic thriller, like psycho
one of the worst movies i have ever seen..this entire movie could have run in only 20 minutes and you wouldn't miss anything and might even enjoy it. unfortunately it ran 88 minutes too long and i couldn't wait for it to end.  i saw it in the theater and the people all around me were all complaining how boring it was. at least a quarter of them walked out before the end. it's that bad. it's a shame, i love a good suspense/horror movie and the decent actors in this movies were waisted
god awful.i knew the ending within the first 10 minutes.  m. night shamalamadingdong disappointed me and should go back to his job at denny's
if i want to see a boring and pointless dream sequence i'll rewatch dallas.roger ebert, a review i greatly respect and normally agree with, raved about this flick.  roger, i love you, but you missed the boat on this one...i'm not going to review the plot because it's been done by several reviewers already.  suffice it to say, david lynch didn't get enough of symbolism interpretation in freshman english ("okay, class, who wants to discuss the meaning of the impaled pig's head on page 72 in lord of the flies?  david, how about you?") and now want to inflict it on you, the unwitting movie watching public.  thanks, mr. lynch, but i'll pass.  i didn't enjoy figuring out the obscure symbolism in page after page of crime and punishment and i didn't enjoy it in scene after scene of mulholland drive.   ..to add insult to injury, lynch prides himself on putting scenes in his movie that make absolutely no sense, rationalizing it by saying life often doesn't make sense.  this habit of his is less noticible in this film than, say, twin peaks, mostly because the whole film is for the most part senseless.  yeah, it's true that a lot of things are absurd in my own life, but more along the lines of "...i would've won powerball this week except i spent my lottery money on a scented candle at the renfaire, what the heck was i thinking..." or "...i wasted 2 1/2 hours of my life watching this dumb movie, what the heck was i thinking..." but i've yet to be visited by scrawny cowboy or a wheelchaired dwarf.  i must live a sheltered life or something...lynch also forbids chapter cuts in his dvd, believing his movie must be watched in its entirety, or not at all (i'd advise the second.)  to be fair, in this case i don't think he's motivated entirely by a exaggerated sense of importance, but rather by the knowledge that every male, if given the chance, would overshoot most of the movie and focus on the hot chick on chick action.  c'mon all you 5 star givers, admit it!  you find the movie pretentious and silly, but the topless scenes more than make up for all the drippy pseudo-art!  ..to reiterate, if i wanted to see a boring and pointless dream sequence i'll rewatch dallas - if i wanted to see a nice rack i'll take my top off and look in the mirror.  who needs mulholland drive
what a rediculous pile of poo..you're kidding, right? the only good film in the trilogy is the origonal. how dare you try to continue the story of something that cannot be continued. the orgional was good enough. leave it there. just because you want money, don't ruin such wonderfull entertainment...i didn't even stay awake through all of the movie, it was so bad! i'd rather watch barney with my 2-year-old
horrendous.clive barker did a good job on the original candyman. it was truly a cut above most horror movies. the second movie was medicore at best in my opinion but this one was just horrendous. there is no suspense at all in this movie and the acting is deplorable. donna d'errico is soft on the eyes but too bad she talks. lets hope this is the last sequel
0 stars: that was so lame! lmfao that was so lame!!.i will not give "candyman 3: day of the dead" a serious analysis because it is so stupid and to be frank, is not even worthy of a review other than to say that this trash sucks just like the rest of the series, but also, this movie goes above beyond being horrible and is the epitome of the word "lame".  this movie "f"ing sucks!!!  please pardon me for my language, but after watching this movie, i am sure you can understand my distress after wasting my time on this complete and utter rubbish
stick to princess flicks.if "havoc" was anne hathaway's "all grown-up" vehicle, she needs to check the engine.  hathaway heads up a cast of almost starlets such as bijou phillips and joseph gordon-levitt in this drivel.  hathaway and her friends, the "plc" as they call themselves, are products of upper-class palisades in california.  bored with their seemingly bland lives, they adopt the "gangsta" mentality of the rappers they listen to and idolize.  in truth, they're nothing but a bunch of unlikeable, snot-nosed posers.  we've all encountered this type before.  you see them at the mall wearing the most expensive "rocca" wear and and "fubu" even though they have no clue as to who or what they are actually idolizing.  they think that they have no identity of their own, so they latch on to the nearest cultural group that they can find in hopes to be something that they are not and never will be...in this tale, hathaway's group has a run-in with a latino gang.  drawn to these outlaws, hathaway and a few of her female friends join the gang for an all-night party.  hathaway then returns with one of her friends (bijou phillips), and the two take the downward  spiral into supposed gang life.  in the end, however, something happens to them when they decide to actually join the gang.  their actions cause a number of things to occur.  the results of those actions are status quo for their social status...although the film is pulled down by a lot of over-acting (gordon-levitt seems to have channeled jamie kennedy's "malibu's most wanted" character, b-rad), the real deal killer is the actions of the supposed street-tough latino gang headed up by freddy rodriguez.  first of all, i'd think that a real gang would have taken out the "plc" without flinching.  secondly, had four "innocent" little girls actually made it into the gang's party, i'd think that they would have ended up either raped and dead or strung out on some sort of illegal substance.  instead, rodriguez backs off on the posers of the "plc" and seemingly falls for hathaway's character enough to let her and her friends live out their fantasies of being in a real gang...full of characters that warrant no sympathy and an overly nice street gang who allows little girls to live out a lie, "havoc" is a dud.  unbelievable, uneventful and definitely a rental
wreaking havoc with my sensibilities.what can i say about the truly inspired film "havoc" that hasn't been said before?  barbara kopple, an academy award winning documentarian, taking a grittily realistic look at urban youth dabbling in gang culture--sounds like a recipe for success!  add a talented cast of appealing up-and-coming actors given really meaty roles--awesome!..not so much....."havoc" is, unfortuanately, an unmitigated disaster.  you won't believe your eyes.  the kids, the gangs, the streets of l.a.--everything just rings so false.  the last time i saw so many posers "playing" street toughs was at my junior high auditions for "grease".  and i think we could have taken these kids...a lot has been made about the "shocking" sexual content of the film.  anyone "shocked" by this movie probably doesn't see very many movies.  anne hathaway does appear naked, which seems to be a selling point, but she and everyone else deserves better...i'd actually have rated the movie about a 4--because it's a campy mess!!!  if someone had realized that this was a b-level exploitation flick, and sold it as such--i'd have bought into it.  no, though.  this is a "serious movie" and "important" document of our time.  sadly, on that scale, these kids need to go back to school because they failed
vintage garbage - modern marketing.this dvd set is just plain awful...obscure, bottom-of-the-sewer episodes replete with authentic 1950s television broadcast quality...avoid this purchase like the plague
it had some good moments, but was mostly boring......i am a sci-fi / space geek so this movie seemed right up my alley.  the cast was solid, the director has talent, and the story is a true story so all pretty much went well...right?  nope...this was a pretty dull film with very little believable suspense. the formula kept repeating over and over: something goes wrong + houston advises + astronauts do something = all is well.  lather, rinse, repeat.  boring, very boring. i never once flet any real tension except for the initial "problem" which obviously was not that bad because everything went well in the end.  ..the problem is that all of the "issues" the men faced were handled so matter-of-factly.  rarely did anyone seem rushed or panicked.... it was just yeah, attach this tube to this tube and magically everything will be ok.  i never felt that the astronauts were really threatened, maybe a few times, but only for a minute or two.  some reviews claim that this movie was tense and riveting.... how so i must ask?  nothing really happened.  it was not emotional at all since the "struggles" of the men were so poorly portrayed.  to each his own i guess, but 4 1/2 stars?  geeez, just because tom hanks is in it does not make the movie good follks!..the family interactions were pretty standard: crying wife, kids asking questions, annoying media attention, etc, etc.  yeah, i could feel for the characters to some extent, but again, this movie needed a lot more real tension and panic to be meaningful...i will say that the launch scene was excellent and very cool, so were some of the space shots but even those were fake with noise and star-trekkish special effects...too bad, i had high hopes for this film but was completely disappointed and bored...not recommended
don't see what the hype was all about.i was 4 years old when this movie was released, but i vividly remember irene cara's smash song of the same name in 1980 (especially the chorus of, "fame, i'm gonna live forever") and, after so many years, i was really looking forward to a great movie and boy was i disappointed...i was thoroughly bored during the first half-hour.  the audition sequence should have been cut down by half the time because it got boring after 15 minutes...after this painful sequence, the movie finally gets underway.  i tried to stick with the movie for the next hour and couldn't do it.  i appreciated what the teachers had to say about the performing arts (it is hard work - everybody's an actor, dancer, and/or musician but only a very small percentage actually make a living doing it), and i definitely appreciated the part about having to keep up your academic studies while pursuing a career in entertainment, but the movie just didn't flow for me.  perhaps it would have to do with the fact that i'm not one of those people who isn't proclaiming to anyone who'll listen that i'm an "actress" (and who rolls their eyes at those people who do)...besides the slow pace of the story, "fame" is very dated.  the off-the-shoulder top (that became the rage of the early-80s due to cara's video) and the depressed backdrop of the decaying inner city that characterized that "wonderful" decade known as the 1980s gives a potential viewer the incentive to stay away from this movie...i don't get the hype about this film at all.  - donna di giacom
waste of time and money.considering the director's track-record, the high quality of the original movie (the poseidon adventure) and the budget available for making this remake, i found poseidon to be an absolutely awful and uninteresting movie and a complete waste of time and money. i give it 1 star because i cannot go any lower than that. i read the reviews before watching it, so i was prepared for the worst, but it was even worse than i expected. let's keep in mind we're talking about a film that is supposed to be a blockbuster movie here, not a mere tv-film. the only positive thing i have to say about it, is that it is mercifully short. while watching it on dvd, i barely overcame the urge to fast-forward certain scenes. the plot has holes so big an oceanliner the size of titanic could sail through them and still have room to maneuver. there is no introduction, no explanation whatsoever as to where the ship is going, who the people are, what caused the monster-wave, etc. calling the main characters two- instead of three-dimensional is giving them too much credit. you don't care at all whether they survive or die, the only exception perhaps being the little boy. the cgi effects aren't all that great either. i never knew so much things could explode on a partially submerged ocean-liner (a typical and, to me, illogical and extremely irritating hollywood trademark). the movie really is no more than a boring and repetitious series of clims and crawls through poorly lit and generally burning areas. the water is supposed to be cold and salt, but that doesn't show, even for a second. although they are just (first-time) passengers, the people involved know their way around the vessel remarkably well (even though it is turned upside down)and have an uncanny knowledge about its inner workings and where to go for escape. they know exactly which hatch or stairwell to take and which button to push, even scared and exhausted in the dark and underwater. ever been inside a large ship or ferry boat yourself ? you don't know which end is which or where to go if your life depends on it. at the end of the movie, the survivors reach daylight and: lo and behold: there's just one piece of wreckage afloat and it is an inflated life-raft, conveniently located near the bow-thrusters. in typical hollywood tradition, the ship sinks bare seconds after the survivors have climbed inside the raft. mr petersen's poseidon project should have sunk well before he got started. a seriously uncool movie that is insulting even to people who are looking for 1,5 hours of brainless entertainment.
too heavy on the cgi, not enough about the characters.when word that wolfgang petersen -- director of such fantastic films as das boot, enemy mine, and the perfect storm -- was slated to direct the remake of the poseidon adventure (now shortened to simply poseidon), the sizzling hype around hollywood was immediately palpable. production costs for the heavily cgi-laden film skyrocketed to $160 million, making it one of the most costly films of 2005 (released in 2006). ..adding to the costs was an ensemble cast starring josh lucas (glory road), kurt russell (sky high), richard dreyfuss (mr. holland's opus), emmy rossum (the phantom of the opera, 2004), freddy rodriguez (lady in the water), and kevin dillon (24 tv series). ..now the poseidon adventure (1972) wasn't that great a film to begin with, but what it did have was a catchy tune sang by karen carpenter ("it's got to be the morning after") and a great human story surrounded by a terrible event: the capsizing of a cruise ship. gene hackman, ernest borgnine, red buttons, roddy mcdowall, shelly winters, and jack albertson rounded out that all-star cast. and although the production was a bit cheesy by today's standards, it held at its center a tale of human determination and sacrifice. this was the focus. the destruction of the ship was just the catalyst, not the focal point. which is where wolfgang's remake encounters significant problems. ..the character set-up in poseidon is rushed, never giving the audience a sense of empathy or angst for any of the people onboard. more film time is given to the cgi water, fires, explosions, and other non-character items. many times during the film we are yanked away from the characters in order to watch yet another explosion happen somewhere on the ship, then we're jerked back to the characters who don't really respond to it. so what was the purpose of showing the movie-watcher these things? the simple answer is because it was cgi, it was cool, it cost money, so you have to show it in order to justify your budgetary expenses. ..since we're given so little time to understand or appreciate the characters' interactions with one another, when one of them dies there's no impact for the viewer. most will probably say, "so what" when this person or that gets snuffed out by the expensive cgi water, fire, or explosion. ..hollywood needs to learn that it's the people in the film audiences care about, not the "totally awesome" special effects. sure, directors/producers can put the cgi in there and make it look nice, but it has to have an impact on the characters.
not impressed.i love billy blanks lower body and ultimate bootcamp dvds.  i tried his ab bootcamp, thinking it would be great too, but what a letdown.  i'm not sure why so many other reviewers liked it so much...maybe it's just me...his favorite move is standing and rotating the torso from side to side.  i felt it in the abs a little, but he keeps going back to it over and over and it bothered my back. also he makes some comment that your neck will stop hurting if you just suck it up and strengthen the neck muscles.  if you are pulling on your neck and using bad form that he teaches you, you can get hurt...most of the video is done standing up.  he focuses more on the obliques (sides) than the rectus abdominus (front).  at first i liked the move where you rotate your hip up and bring your elbow down, isolating the obliques.  but i got bored of it after 10 minutes of the same thing.  he does crunches standing up too.  you stand in this hunched over squatting position (which i'm sure is bad for the back), put your hands behind your head, and contract your abs, pulling your head down (pulling on the neck).  i thought this was a lot of work for the rest of the body but i didn't feel it in my abs at all.  i prefer to do crunches on the floor, which uses more resistance since you're lifting the upper body against gravity...he does have some good floor moves in there at the end that i've never seen before.  it might be worth a rental to see those...as usual, billy shows his lack of stretching knowledge.  his stretching routine usually involves swinging the arms like in tai chi...which really doesn't stretch anything.  i found it weird that he does a quad stretch and a hamstring stretch at the end of an ab workout.  wouldn't you expect an ab stretch?  or a back stretch?..this video is about 30 minutes.  it might seem short, but when you're targeting only 1 muscle group, that's a long time.  i thought my abs would be twice as sore compared to another dvd i have which is 15 mins, but the only thing that's sore is my back.  i guess i'll keep looking - i've heard good things about gilad's abs workout
too loud.when the background music completely overpowers the dialogue, you may as well turn it off.  the background music was piercing and i needed to have the remote in hand to keep adjusting the volume.  not everyone has perfect hearing and shows with overwhelming background music are becoming the norm.  a shame because otherwise i could have enjoyed crash
meh.the meta-story of this film was potentially interesting, but only before the gathering of the bad actors of the roundtable. ..one star each for cross and black, whose genuine talent are the only reasons to bother glancing at this movie. unless you are the type to grow an emotional bond with unlikeable characters, whose masturbatory storytelling is untinteresting and unbelievable, i would recommend you spend ninety minutes of your life doing anything other than watching melvin goes to dinner
melvin should have another serving of paste.directors, actors, and all others associated with the film industry make a real effort to be cerebral.  it's understandable, as it's a worthy goal.  99.5% of them fail - perhaps it's a lack of education, maybe it's poor upbringing that has reinforced self-absorption, and it could be that the superficiality which makes them such a good fit in hollywood directly leads to this end.  the only redeeming quality of the film is that it exposes human foibles (and this is not a new concept - it's typically an element of every movie).  it seems that movies these days fall on either end of two extremes: telling stories of people who unrealistically do the right thing, or blathering of shallow morons who are poor subjects of empathy.  this falls into the latter category.  i want that hour and a half of my life back for a more worthy endeavor such as playing target practice into a trash can with a staple gun.
i love most of bob odenkirk's work....i think i've seen almost everything bob's been involved with and this just didn't do it for me. if you have friends and they aren't complete dullards, you've probably had most of the conversations you'll see in this movie
hollywood, get over yourselves!.there was some great lines and the ending was funny. still, it was a movie spoofing about itself. it really wasn't all that good. yes, plenty of celebrities. still so what?
the world's full of lonely people.patrick dempsey had an usual niche in the 80s teen comedy, as did the characters he played.  he was the lovable loser who just wanted to fit in, somehow ends up getting caught up in some smutty encounter or another on his quest for acceptance, but is well liked and tended to have everything mostly work out for him in the end.  here was no acception...he plays the lovable loser once again, this time he was an arrogant, cocky kid who blew his education by doing nothing but partying at college.  disappointed and angry at his failing grades, his parents decide to stop supporting him and he is forced into the minimum wage workforce at a pizza place.  while patrick is thoughly miserable working for slave labor, he encounters a beautiful, mysterious stranger who (like the plot to a bad porn movie) makes his job worth while with no strings attached.  while this fleeting encounter might have ended there, the mysterious stranger talked with her women friends about this, and soon patrick is working as a gigalo under the guise of a pizza delivery guy.  the smutty adventures and hilarity ensue after that.  long before desperate housewives he was their afternoon delight...what was amazing to me in watching this movie is that patrick didn't have sex with all the women clients he eventually aquires.  he is simply a friend, a companion, someone to talk with.  i guess i just don't understand why some of the women he was servicing didn't try talking with their husbands about what was bothering them rather than letting this situation come to a head.  of course, as infidelity is an ugly thing no matter how many screwball slapstick antics you apply to it like this movie did, it all comes crashing down on him when his mother rings up for some loving.  that's an urban ledgend if there ever was one.  ..i gave this only 2 stars because the happily ever after ending was too hoaky for words.  still, it is a commentary on the world being full of lonely people
disney is a joke..disney is a joke and this movie is a joke.  i wish i could give it zero stars.  why does disney keep instisting on taking these dark, disturbing tales, such as pocahontas, alladin and the huntchback of notre dame (which, by the way is really notre dame of paris) and making them into cutsey kids films?  and, oh, lets give it a happy wappy, cutesy wutesy ending.  screw that; this is a dark, sad and disturbing tale and that's the way this story should be!  what the heck story is disney going to try to adapt as a children's film next?  the scarlet letter?
should have been pg 13.i saw this movie and was shocked at the contents, considering that it was aimed at children. it starts out with the gypsy esmeralda doing a very provocative stripper style pole dance. while no stripping happened, there wasn't much other difference in the style of dance. later in the movie, one of the men is obsessing over her in a manner i would never want my children to see. he sings a song about how she will burn in hell if he doesn't have her, and meanwhile a vision of her provocative dancing is playing out in the flames of a fire. regardless of the rest of the movie, these two scenes make this highly innapropriate for children. not to mention that the story is very untrue to the novel, which had a tragic ending rather than a happy ever after one.
decent but lacks a sense of wonder..whenever you think of disney films, you typically think of cutesy, happy-go-lucky 80 minute comedy musicals with pop culture jokes to appeal to adults and a sappy ending to make the kids happy, but disney's the hunchback of notre dame is quite different from that.  it's surprisingly a much more darker and more serious film than disney's usual cartoons.  although none of it is ever graphic, there is a surprising amount of on-screen deaths for a g rated disney cartoon.  the movie also deals with several adult subjects like racism, persucution, and even religion.  the film is mostly serious but there are some comical moments performed by quasimodo's gargoyle friends.  unfortunately, as funny as the gargoyles are, none of them were really all that memorable and i actually find myself having trouble remembering any of their names and while they did have their laughable moments, there were also times were i felt like their presence felt intrusive, especially in the later more dramatic moments of the story.  i didn't like how they had the gargoyles help fend off the soldiers near the end of the film, either.  what made the gargoyles tolerable is that they were kept seperate from the rest of the "real world" of the story and were only used when quasimodo was alone, as part of his imagination.  by having them fight the soldiers, it feels like disney is trying to mesh the realisim of the story with the fantasy elements, which works fine with most of their other films, but feels really out of place in this more serious movie.  it's like disney wants to push the g rating as much as possible, but they aren't brave enough to truly make this a dark film, so they had the gargoyles included to lighten things up for the kiddies.  perhaps if this movie was rated pg instead, disney would've been more free to explore the darker sides of this story and the gargoyles could've been used a lot less.  ..aside from qausimodo, most of the other characters feel very disney stereotypical.  esmeralda is your average spunky disney heroine, phoebus is the typical dashing disney hero with a big head who falls in love with the heroine, and frollo is scar from the lion king in human form.  despite a rather small cast of characters compared to disney's other films, very little development is given to any of them aside from qausimodo.  i couldn't really connect with any of the other supporting characters because not enough time was spent developing them and it didn't help that most of their personalities are disney stereotypes.  the hunchback of notre dame also lacks that magical sense of wonder that other disney movies have.  the storyline is entertaining but you just don't really feel drawn into it.  ..the hunchback of notre dame does have some gorgeous animation, though.  i loved the detail designs of the churches and this film has some of disney's most stunning animation, easily rivaling any of their classics in the visuals department.  the background music is beautiful as well, but other than "out there" and "hellfire", most of their songs are pretty forgettable, and even those two noteable tunes get rather old after a while.  don't get me wrong; the hunchback of notre dame is far from being a bad film and i enjoyed it a lot.  i loved how disney attempted to show a darker side for a change, qausimodo is one of their more likeable heroes and one that anybody who's been a social outcast can easily relate to, and the animation is gorgeous, but the film just doesn't connect to the viewer and some of the comedy scenes felt very out of place.  still, older viewers who think they're too grown up for disney's more childish movies but still love animation will enjoy this film, and diehard disney fans will want to add this movie into their collection, but casual moviegoers should pass this up and stick to something like beauty and the beast instead, and most of this film will probably be uninteresting to younger viewers due to its lack of magical fuzzy creatures and its more serious undertones.
what happened to that golden eye?.when "reflections in a golden eye" was first released theatrically, the film was color tinted or filtered so that virtually everything was a golden sepia tint, with the exception of objects that were red or pink, such as liz taylor's lips or a sash on her dress. apparently that didn't sit well with audiences, because the film was later re-released in a regular color print (just as the liz taylor film by joseph losey, "secret ceremony," was ruined when they re-edited it with additional sequences and a narrative voice-over track for dim-witted viewers). none of the reviews or promotional material that i've read addresses this issue. the dvd release could have been an opportunity to present the film in both versions, the original sepia tint and the conventional technicolor, but apparently no one felt it was worth it to observe the director's original intentions. a wasted opportunity
would've given it nil stars if i could've....dated, derivative, self-indulgent  unintelligent.  this is truly bottom of the range stuff.  the acting, directing, soundtrack and script are all dire.  none of the characters are even remotely sympathetic, in fact i was hoping they'd die slowly and painfully.  i note that billy bob thornton was both star and a scriptwriter - methinks his true nature is revealed in the script and the part he chose - an arrogant, amoral, misogynistic, self-important coward (with zero sense of humour).  don't waste your time watching this drivel, it will leave you with a bad taste in your mouth that no amount of tequila can erase.
mediocre is good?.i was very disappointed after reading all the glowing reviews for this movie and then watching your average "bad guys on the run" movie.  gee, billy bob thornton plays a crazy bad guy who shoots people and he doesn't like cops at all; he even uses bad language!  a friend was watching it with me and he thought i was watching the lifetime channel. this movie just plodded along down cliche boulevard
shooting for hip, hitting pointless.oliver stone proves to be just as reliable as a social critic as he is a "historian."  ..platoon and born on the fourth of july were great films but jfk, though brilliantly made, was a sign that something was off about stone's mental processes...natural born killers could have been a scathing indictment of our media's obsession with violence and decadence...but instead it's just exhibit a in the indictment, wallowing in the filth it tries to satirize
shaggy dog.this movie was very disturbing to me,i did'nt like seeing the freaky animals in cages.the frog with the dog head bothered me.i don't  recommend this movie for small  children as they would take it too serious. there were some funny parts and tim allen played a very good role. i am an animal lover and i don't like seeing any kind of mistreatment of animals even if it is a movie. now i know why this movie never came to my local theatre
disappointing, slapdash presentation of lombard..she deserves better..like sardines packed in a tin, 6 of lovely carole lombard's lesser paramount efforts are crammed on to two dvd-18 discs, so you get a nice cheap disc..which reflects how much respect (no less appreciation) universal has for lombard...the films range from mediocre to ok. none of them great, none of them bad. the prints have not been restored, and look ok, but this is what universal has to do when they are selling these films as a budget item...don't expect the incomparable high quality you get from warner bros. on these releases....the prints they were taken from are worn out and just plain bland...in life, lonbard was on fire. on these dvds, she merely fizzles out
brand new factory damages.not a review about the films but of the quality of the so called brand new mint dvds.i recieved this collection along with the other 2 glamour collections and the first thing i notice when i open the dvds is that the condition of the discs were not in the condition i would expect they were scratched all to bloody hell on the sides of the discs facing up on both discs one and two i complained to amazon they sent me new dvds and they were in the same poor condition i then purchased them at a local walmart and there was no improvement so the bottom line is that when you get a new dvd examine it under a light because as with this and all dvds there is a possibility of it going out of print and your copy could be worth some cash but who would buy scratched dvds. the manufacturers have forgotten what new is i suppos
a two-hour unfunny comedy.don't get me wrong.  i love bill murray and i'm so happy to see him get the critical attention he's deserved...but these wes anderson "comedies" are just lame.  rushmore started out with a lot of promise but fizzled out.  the royal tenenbaums was a two-hour set-up without ever starting any story (it felt like two-hours even if it wasn't).  and now the life aquatic...all of these films feel like colossal wastes of great casts.  i don't think there's been a good comedy since a fish called wanda in 1988 (although parts of the big lebowski are hilarious) so i don't think we have a good scale of reference when it comes to comedies.  most stink.  maybe the current generation of moviegoers have no idea what makes a great comedy.  that might explain the glowing reviews here...although anderson's films are competently made, they feel stuffy and pretentious.  humorless.  i chuckled once per hour.  not a good average...i don't think this movie ever makes up its mind...and i'm so sick of owen wilson that i wish hollywood would give him a paid vacation.  does he have to be in every single movie ever made
disappointing remake.this movie, based on the thomas harris book, is a remake of the movie 'manhunter.' the story leads up to the events of the popular silence of the lambs film. red dragon was remade because the studio wanted to cash in on the surprising popularity of hanibal lecter. unfortunately the supply of thomas harris books was exhausted. so they revisited and retitled this prequel to the silence of the lambs. in thomas harris's book and the original manhunter dr. lecter was an intriguing support character only. but now hollywood has discovered that hannibal's character brings in moviergoers so they take every opportunity in red dragon to add or lenghten scenes with dr. lecter and put him center stage. ..the original manhunter was a fine film directed by michael mann. it featured brian cox (bourne identity) as dr. lecter and william peterson (csi) as special agent graham. this movie is lacking in all aspects to the original (and to the book). while anthony hopkins's portrayal is as good as mr. cox's edward norton is clearly out of his depth. he is unable to convey the complex emotional trauma that agent graham experiences when he assimilates the mindset of a sadistic killer who wipes out entire families. performances by harvey keitel and ralph fiennes are also wasted here. my advice-buy or rent the original.
not the best version of "the lion, the witch, and the wardrobe".it followed the storyline very well, and the cast wasn't bad. however, it wasn't smart to make this movie at the time they made it. the 80's and early 90's didn't have the special effects that we have today. the scenery wasn't too good and the battle wasn't exciting at all. also, it's not smart to have actors were animal costumes. it's too childish
i'm just glad i didn't actually pay to watch this!.we checked this out from the library a couple of years ago.  it really was torture to watch.  the acting was terrible, the costumes were even worse.  i don't know whether to say it was really funny or really sad, because all in all it was a pretty pathetic production.  not one of bbc's better efforts
the worst action movie i've ever seen.i guess success turned around for sam raimi in 2002  2004 with the two spider-man films, but first he created this "v" like character in this garage of a movie, i liked "v for vendetta" but not this "darkman" if want to see a badly burned viligante in a mask see "v for vendetta" don't see "darkman
banality by any other name.jeez, maybe i am getting old, but i really found absolutely nothing about this film to be interesting or original in the slightest.  ..a brilliant scientist.  disfigured.  angry.  finds temporary techie fix for face.  goes to get bad guys.  fighting.  more fighting.  still more fighting.  ex mate learns he's alive.  he leaves her anyway (he's too ugly).  the end.  more to come, if successful.  not recommended
annoying lear.i didn't enjoy the film.  i also didn't enjoy the original play by shakespeare.  king lear is one of my least favorite shakespeare plays.  i don't consider it particularly creative to remake a play that has already been done, and to add nothing of value to the original.  you can set it wherever you like, in medieval japan or on the moon, what's the difference.  it's king lear, a downer of a play, there's nothing great about ran just as there's nothing great about lear, and it takes up three hours of your time...a moron named lear, or hidetoro, or whatever his name is, relinquishes power in his kingdom and turns the power over to his oldest son.  the youngest son warns him that it is a bad idea because the sons will be disloyal to their father.  he is right, of course, and hidetoro lear gets treated shabbily.  he's wanted dead or dead...in this treatment of the annoying plot, he loses his mind.  he has a faithful follower or two.  they overact.  there is nobody to root for in this depressing and ridiculously overrated downer of a play.  lear hidetoro is an absolute jerk.  am i supposed to care what happens to him?  why?  because he used to be a powerful king, and a cruel one?  you may as well cry over saddam hussein...look at this movie with fresh eyes.  look at shakespeare's king lear with fresh eyes.  this stuff simply is not very entertaining, and is not very good.  the hell with king lear.  he's an annoyance
watching paint dry.i don't want to spoil this movie for others and i won't. cache is french for hidden and  alot was left hidden. why does the son suddenly do what he did? why does he think his mother is doing what he thinks she's doing? i didn't care one bit about any of the charactors. this is a slow going movie with no conclusion. if you have a choice between watching this movie or watching paint dry, flip a coin. i watch international films often and usually fnd them more rewarding than most us made films. not this one.
trying.trying is the best word to describe this movie..it tried my patience. the opening scene was several minutes of nothing and i had to hold myself back from turning the movie off. i told myself, give it a chance, and i repeated that through the entire film. somewhere with in 90 minutes i just wanted to find out what was happening and why... well i can't spoil the movie but....it tried to be artistic. in fact i think most of the people who review this movie with five stars want to be artsy. examining composition and frames and dialog and colors and blah, blah, blah. this movie was a waste of my time..the only theme or concept i took away from the film was that upper class french people are annoying
total rubbish.very dissapointing dvd - had great expectations given the cast - the storyline and manner in which it was directed was dismally poor - do not buy this film!
the rooster got off easy.this movie should come with a prescription label that reads: "take this film at bedtime as needed for sleeplessness." ..dear god, what a boring, montonous mess: long, static shots of a townhouse that last minutes at a time; ambiguity and a frustratingly cryptic plot make this a very hard film to sit through. i don't need a movie to hold my hand and hit me over the head with answers, but for the love of god, reveal something interesting! the excruciating glacial pace makes antonioni look like michael bay. coffee was no cure; neither was a bag of chips. sleep overcame me despite my greatest desire to watch and pay close attention to this movie...the "startling moment" everyone describes is when one character slices his own throat, spraying blood everywhere. this scene is almost incongruous, since it is quick, violent, and horrifying, unlike the rest of the movie...i have watched hundreds of foreign movies, and have liked most of them. however, cache is one of the worst i've seen. no resolution, no answers, incomprehensible, no likeable characters, impossibly slow. i want to know why the main character was getting those videos sent to him. and would someone please explain the last shot of the movie to me? it is a long shot (again) of a school entrance with kids going back and forth. then the main character's kid and the algerian's kid meet and talk to each other. so what? what the hell? i slept through this movie just to see this scene? i almost want to slash my own throat for watching this self-indulgent exercise. ..supposedly this a movie about guilt and how it affects you your entire life. the director should feel guilty for foisting this nonsense upon the audience and shilling it at as a "suspense" movie. the only suspension i hold now is for movie review opinions that praise this movie endlessly. these people have to be kidding...oh, and the rooster who gets his head cut off in a flashback scene? at least he didn't have to sit through the rest of this movie fighting off drowziness and staring at interminable minutes of meaningless video of a townhouse
not particularly interesting.the fact that the story is left unresolved isn't particularly an issue for me... in my opinion, the movie is decent, but the plain truth is that it is simply not that interesting. of course, it is a good premise... basing a film on the human ability to deal with guilt. the writer has chosen a random and mundane situation, i'm sure intentionally, to delve into for the story, but it just isn't all that good. the acting is mediocre, the pace is painfully slow... it's just not right for everyone. i have a high tolerance for a slow-paced film that eventually leads you somewhere, but this movie was slow-paced and led me to a disappointing ending. 2 stars for the idea, but that's about it
is the human mind capable of enjoying an unresolved story?.after watching the film, i "studied" the interview with the director. .i can see what he tried to say and what kinds of films he wanted to make, .but i'm just curious to what extent the human mind is capable of handling the obscurity (i.e., not knowing who actually made the videos and delivered them to the couple). i do not think that the audience will be as cognitively active (i.e., being eager to engage in some abstract moral speculation about the protagonist's guilt over his memory or dreams) as the director wants to think. the more the audience want some closure, the worse their reactions will be to this film.
for kiefer sutherland fans only.young ely braxton (marcus thomas) is an up and coming rodeo bull rider who suffers a movie opening serious injury.  brother hank (kiefer sutherland) is the responsible older brother who raises bulls, teaches a zen-ish style of bull riding (`empty your heart of hate before you ride,' that kind of thing) and is a rodeo clown - the fellow who distracts the bull after its thrown his rider and, reasonably enough from the bull's point of view, wants to crush into pulp the prone body of the thrown rider... i've kind of made a point of searching out and watching rodeo movies.  there aren't a lot of them, and most concentrate on the maverick qualities of the rodeo rider.  always a bull rider, by the way.  most, too, feature some heavy hitters - guys like steve mcqueen and cliff robertson - in the lead roles.  cowboy up is a little different.  bull riding is more of a backdrop here, a setting against which sibling rivalry, a search for a lost father, and some sticky romantic entanglements can be played out.  not that we don't get a lot of slow-motion shots of mucus draining bulls bucking and snorting and doing their best to toss and trample their tormenters (again, `tormenters' from the bull's point of view.)  it's just there's a whole lot more soap than horse in this opera... which wouldn't be so bad if the second lead, marcus thomas, was a polished actor.  unfortunately his one expression seems to be that of stunned introspection, as thought on the first day of the shoot a crew member had asked him a preposterous question that he couldn't get out of his head.  thomas is talking to a grip, say, on that first day, and the grip wonders out loud whether birds would have to fly if they had opposable thumbs. thomas guffaws, of course, but every time the studio lights fire up the question returns to gnaw at him, and when he should be `in the moment,' or whatever it is actors say, with movie girlfriend connie (molly ringwald,) instead he's picturing a southbound autumn highway with clusters of hitchhiking ducks.  .. i'm not sure it matters, anyway.  the story's kind of an ill-fitting hybrid to begin with.  things become more complicated later when young ely hooks up with pretty rodeo horse rider celia jones (daryl hannah,) brother hank's old flame, which supplies just enough plot to propel the film to the grand finale.  ely's search for his missing father is resolved, although that search was so unstressed in the movie i didn't even realize it was a big issue until it was on me.  and, of course, as in almost all rodeo movies, ely gets to ride the big bull, preferably the one who threw him earlier.  in this case the big bull is zapata, one of brother hank's bulls, in fact... i've never been a big fan of kiefer sutherland, but he's great in this one.  ringwald, hannah, and melinda dillon - the mother in both `close encounters of the third kind' and `the christmas story' - are wasted as sideline fodder who have little more to do than seduce or wring their hands and hope ely gets some sense and give up the bull riding.  the highlight of the movie for me came when, while hannah and thomas were deep in their fling, ringwald and sutherland shared a piece of consolation pie at the local diner.  ringwald, inevitably i guess, says to sutherland, `in a different world you and i would have made a lot more sense.'  hey, molly - in a different and better movie you and sutherland would have made a lot more sense, too.  	cowboy up might appeal to hard-core rodeo fans, but the rest of us would be better advised to steer clear of this one.
wasted potential.this movie could have been so much more than it is. it offers up more wasted potential than an "american idol" audition...first, there's the angle of the absent father. while we're thrown some teasers - and even a pseudo-reunion between him and ely - we are not ultimately emotionally satisfied with the outcome. there's no real resolution, no deep truth...then there's the angle of the "love triangle." this never took off, simply because celia and hank had no further interaction once she and ely took up together. and then, ely parted ways with her entirely. through all this, hannah delivers no stunning performance. her character is fairly two-dimensional at best...and then there's the "drive to win" that ely is supposed to evince. this never really appears. we're just supposed to understand how driven he is by his brooding looks and foolhardy acts. ..i will give kudos to the slow motion filming sequences in the beginning and the end. they are affective. however, we could've done with a little less bull drool flying through the air like a trapeze act. ..all in all, this movie is plagued by wasted potential. the waste of molly ringwald's character is especially troubling. why even introduce her, if she isn't going to play a pivotal role in what happens with ely and hank? a lot of this film seeming plodding and pointless. ..i wanted to like this movie. i truly did. i'm a whopping huge pbr fan, and desperately wanted to like this movie. however, the movie itself prevented me from doing so.
not great.this movie could had been better had it offered an interesting story and better acting. the only one into this project is keifer sutherland. the others basically coast through their parts. darryl hanna is virtually non-existent and molly ringwald does not have much to do. the ending makes no sense either. it does give you some sense of how hard (insane) the whole bull riding thing is but that does not make up for the film's serious defects. i want my 100 minutes back
if you paid a buck for this, then you paid 99c too much..absolutely do not buy this video...1) the fights are not fights. they are boring and tiresome staged tapping, pushing and pulling matches. nobody wants to hurt anyone, and nobody wants to get hurt. ..2)jerry springer fights are 10 times better than anything on this video. these girls keep their clothes on , and tussle like 4th grade girls at a sleepover. ..3)modelfight.com has their name on the box and these girls are not model quality and they don't fight. ..4) the most violence these girls can conjure up is to giggle and smile into the camera and say "you better get out my room ! *smiling* *no, you get out !* says the other girl while pushing the other girl on the bed. ..complete waste of time and money. .you want chick fights, look elsewhere.
weazel.this is the worst i do mean worst video i have ever bought.  the fights are all staged and really bad, the bad thing is that the girls can't even fake fight.  i bought this with the brawlin broads dvd and i must say the brawlin broads is much better.  even though it is staged as well the white trash women they pay to fight in there actually fight, wow.  do not buy this trash if you want to see some good staged fighting get brawlin broads instead
pathetic version.not the product i was interested in.  pathetic version of an actual good dvd.  little information given which led me to believe it was the real thing
fake, fake, fake.this is not the real deal.  the dvd graphic shown above is not the same as the actual dvd (it is taken from the earlier dvd release, the one that had real fights- the dvd that is on offer has similiar cover, but of a staged fight).  all it is is a bunch of models slapping each other (yeah, i know, it sounds hot, but it isn't), and that is about it.  all the action is staged, and except for one of the beach "fights", it is pretty boring.  not much happens, and beyond the hottie factor, there isn't much going on.  don't believe the fake positive reviews written below-- they are done by publicists, and should be taken with a grain of salt..one star (some of the chicks are hot, but c'mon.  fake is fake.
sorry to say - boring, with 2-dimensional acting.i agree with the negative comments - i eventually stopped watching it - unconvincing acting - (and a small point that i found irritating - in tv movies about war, some of them have a "too-clean look" that make a film seem unrealistic. there is no dirt anywhere, as far as i could see - everybody looks too clean, the settings look too clean, and not realistic. the acting level was what finally turned me off. glad it was on tv
garbage.rants from a socialist in denial.  only thinly veiled lies, half-truths and distortions, packaged as documentary.  i'd only pick this up if i ran out of toilet paper.  after i rented bowling for columbine i returned it to the store.  they gave me my money back for the rental but if they had given me twice the rent price back i'd still feel ripped off
only one star because i can't give it none.michael moore hates america. this is evident in all of his movies and also proven when he goes oversees to make money by badmouthing us here at home. if you want to waste your money to see a film so horribly slanted in his own opinion, with quotes taken out of context...then by all means buy this collection. if you want to really find out what michael moore is up to...go to moorelies.com...or read "michael moore is a big fat stupid white man." you can find the book here at amazon.com and i promise it will be a better way to spend your hard earned money.
by the numbers.there are two types of obsessive stalker movies - the fatal attraction or the so i married an axe murder type. if no rabbits die in the first hour of the movie, you know that the heroine is really being stalked by her new boyfriend's best friend/sister/roommate from the university of iowa. whereas the fatal attraction variety of stalker movie offers a nice ramping up of paranoia until the requisite danger filled ending, the latter type of stalker movie spends a half hour in sweaty close up of the two naked stars and an hour of one of them misinterpreting everything until we learn the shocking truth. it's a dull formula and why hollywood sticks to the formula is beyond me...in case, you haven't already guessed, this movie is the latter. of course if you are thinking of buying this movie, you are probably thinking of buying it to see heather graham naked. again, don't bother. the hot and sweaty scenes are all tired. nothing really says that the stars want to be with each other for any reason other than paychecks and the 10 minutes of naked heather graham are not worth the $1/minute price tag (it's not like you're going to watch the rest of it)...just get boogie nights and rewatch her roller girl scene if that's what you want to see. or watch swingers and watch her fully clothed but infinitely more seductive than this version
totally ridiculous climax!!.do not read any further if you don't want to know the climax of this inferior thriller.  gwyneth paltrow quickly recovering (after hours of intense natural childbirth labor!!!!!) to go to the garage and find the evidence that jessica lange killed her husband and having the strength to belt lange in the process and looking downright none the worse for wear to boot was totally unbelievable and implausible.  there is no way in real life that this could have occurred!  it takes days for a woman who has undergone natural childbirth to get back on her feet, yet paltrow is presented as though it was as easy as getting a good night's rest and getting up feeling refreshed, full of vim and vigor!!  total nonsense.  the performances of the principals, mostly lange and paltrow make up for the implausibilities of the script.  nina foch does a dandy turn as the granmother but the scene where lange turns up the cold water in her steam bath is also unbelievable.  in the next scene foch is revealed to be fine and happy....no pneumonia, no after effects .....nothing!!  this film was one big disappointment and i give it two stars for the acting because the story is pure fluff.  all the actors deserve better here!!  no wonder this film was a "hush" at the box-office....it came and went quickly and i can understand why.
you too jeff gold-steen..now i'm usually one what finds anything old bob and david have to offer as funnier than a clown holdin' a bag of farts, but "run ronnie run" is not on par with previous mr. show offerings.  for those of you who are fans of mr. show and the original ronnie skit, you aren't gonna find much new here.  pretty much a rehashing of that same skit, which plays (the skit) hilarious for the ten or so minutes it was on, but not enough material to develop into a feature length film worthy of bob and david's talents.  granted it is pretty fun to watch with other friends who are familiar with the show, but the laughs get spread pretty thin.  i subconsciously hoped that the movie would somehow segway at certain points to another skit, as mr. show did so brilliantly over its 4 seasons.  the movie's worth a view for you die-hard mr. show fans, but can't say i'd add it to my collection. keep 'em coming gleep-glop
just plain boring, and totally overhyped. contains spoilers!!.in 1973, director nicholas roeg took a daphne du maurier story about a strained family situation, added a child in a red coat and some superlative direction, cast wonderful, talented actors such as donald sutherland and julie christie, and produced a seminal and classic piece of seventies horror, the unmissable "don't look now"...six years later, cronenberg - obviously, oh so obviously having been influenced by the starkly pared-down imagery and understated elegance of the roeg picture - decided to put his own markedly different spin on a terribly similar theme, with disasterously boring results...to synopsise the plot: frank carveth's estranged wife is crazy, and undergoing unconventional therapy at her psychiatrist's controversial institute. suspecting her of abusing their daughter, he removes her from his wife's care, to the strenuous objections of her shrink. several people connected to wifey's emotionally crippling past begin to show up dead, and carveth finds himself fighting to save his daughter from her crazy mother's 'other' set of kids...so it's david cronenberg. so what?..performances and direction, as well as screenplay, are all simply mundane. there's barely a shred of the sleek, polished talent we have come to recognise as david cronenberg, and what we have instead is a sort of mishmash of some of the better aspects from classic american horror movies, as seen through the obviously tired eyes of the writer/director. it's almost got the sense of isolation of 'the shining', but there are too many incidental characters. it's almost got the same sense of murder-by-numbers as 'hallowe'en', but lacks the decisive action of that movie. it's close to the stark imagery and sense of motherhood-gone-awry as 'carrie' (and even the lead actress bears a striking resemblance to piper laurie!), but samantha eggar's performance is too overblown. ..makeup effects, too, are over-ambitious for the time and fail to create any sense of impact or drama, in that they just look silly. of course, you could say the same for 'the exorcist', nowadays, but where that film still has the incredible strength of ellen burstyn's and linda blair's performances, all 'the brood' has to go on is some deformed alien-figures that hiss a lot. it's not good...in short, where a movie matters most, 'the brood' fails wholly to deliver, instead regaling us with 90 or so minutes of unfulfilling cinema...a note on the subtext: it's difficult to feel any sort of respect for the social commentary contained herein. sure, topics like the state of the nuclear family and the negative effects of a mother's love are riveting things, when handled properly. unfortunately, when the package and presentation are so obviously hollow and overdone, who could care less about subtext?..i couldn't.
well, that was weird..david cronenberg's "the brood" is a disturbing and at times disgusting movie with a softcore element of creepinees.  that said, i did not find "the brood" to be very scary at all.  the acting was good, but the storyline and plot just didn't do it for me.  certainly an imaginative and creative story, "the brood" centers around a mother's rage and psychological condition being manifested into little devilish like creatures by the help of a rather radical psychiatric treatment by dr. raglan, played well by oliver reed.  it is up to the husband of the pycholgically disturbed woman named nola to save the day and to save their little girl's life.  ..the actual manifestations of nola's rage are creepy in a sense and yet laughable as well.  indeed, "the brood" is pretty over the top and requires the audience to buy into the nola's and the psychiatrist's joint ability to be able to manifest nola's rage into a kind of human yet malignant form, but also accept these little creatures which are somewhat creepy but also quite ridiculous, as is the plot i might add.  ..pure fans of the horror genre will walk away a bit unfulfilled after viewing "the brood" which simply doesn't have "the bite" of a truly good horror movie and is in all honesty a very weird, outrageous and absolutely ridiculous movie.  i know i found myself weary of these absurd little creatures and their supposedly horror movie villain type prowess.  finally, is it just me or is everyone in this movie absolutely crazy?  lol.  ..anyway, that said, fans of wild, unique and downright crazy horror movies may find this one interesting.  "the brood" probably doesn't quite deserve two stars, but it is original and an eyebrow raiser if nothing else...that much is for sure
"firebirds" flames out fast.nicolas cage is good as the wierd lonner type roles and has an oscar to prove it. however this role calls for more than that you have to be a  straght arrow and he isn't. not one good part to this film. i was looking at my watch 5 mins. into this mess. tommy lee jones must have needed the money so i can forget his less than 100 % try as nicks trainner and commander. what a waste of tim
couldn't be more wrongerererer.as stated in other reviews, this movie is a joke.  granted the cinematography is good, and there's excitement, but if you film a pig flying and have good cinematography and story, you'd get the same 'excitement'.  i also am in army aviation, and it's disappointing to have such a deviation from the truth filmed.  many movies make some adjustments that border on reality and some go outside that boundary.  this movie transcends to another plane of existence and commits suicide.  if i were an actor and offered a role in this movie, i would have run away knowing the repercussions it would have on my career.
unrealistic and unfair.if you know anything about army aviation or apaches, fire birds will either tick you off, or make you laugh till you puke. this was supposed to be the army's top gun? so sad. it's so unrealistic, i wish the army had had veto power on this one before it was released.
worst movie i've ever seen (exept "i am the cheeze").i was in the army when this came out, working on helicopters.  i saw the movie at travis afb in california....well, as much as i saw.  i did walk out of the theatre.  even yelling quips at all of the cheezy lines (and there are plenty) wasn't entertainment enough to keep me from screaming at my shoes.  i left fuming and spent the next hour waiting in a cold m1008 for the rest of my buddies to get done watching it.  i'm sickened watching nicholas cage to this very day
a poorly edited documentary; story misses the mark.i agree with the two other negative reviews here and am surprised there aren't more dissenting opinions. this movie made me feel embarrassed for the people in it. the topic would seem to have a lot of potential but the folks who are featured are repulsive and there is not enough in-depth exploration of the art to make it interesting. the story rambled, and the americans (yes, that includes paul pena) behaved so awkwardly it was painful to watch. there was just a low-level vulgar tone throughout the whole movie. in many scenes, paul totes a beer and looks like an indigent. he comes across as pathetic, socially tone deaf, and totally unworthy of his own talent. mario was a boor - always coming up with something obnoxious, loud, and totally irrelevant to say. (why the hell he was invited on the trip is a mystery.) the filmakers did a poor job of setting up the story and getting me to care about it or anyone in it. don't bother with this one.
whiney, alcoholic, aging hippie makes ass of himself in another culture.i hate to be the only one to say it. but this movie sucked.  it's very strange to me how the premise being about a bluesmen going to tuva to connect with throat singers was abouts something else entirerly which was not inspirational.  this movie is really about the stupidest americans going to another culture and being disrespectful.  .the main character paul pena is the biggest complaining ass.  he manages to stay pretty drunk throughout his whole time in tuva, and in one instance hands an unsuspecting tuvan a joint.  not that i wouldnt have enjoyed doing that as well.  but its hard to take since paul also complains of needing medication and being depressed.  but paul isnt the only ass of this documentary.  he also has help from his friends of tuva and the filmers.  if there is any value in watchings this piece of @#*# its in what not to do when you visit other countries.  seriously, one of his friends even got into a fight and almost died there.  from that character's earlier appearences in the film, i would have to say that he  would have deserved it.  the only thing going for this movie is photage of acual tuvan's singing.  im so sorry they had to meet this guy.  if you do decide to get this don't forget to watch the interview with the directors.  thats definately the best part.  ive met some pretty ridiculous film students before, but this two are like charactures of them.  if you are interested in seeing other movies where americans act retarded in other countries i would recommend seeing the journey of man
would've given it nil stars if i could've....dated, derivative, self-indulgent  unintelligent.  this is truly bottom of the range stuff.  the acting, directing, soundtrack and script are all dire.  none of the characters are even remotely sympathetic, in fact i was hoping they'd die slowly and painfully.  i note that billy bob thornton was both star and a scriptwriter - methinks his true nature is revealed in the script and the part he chose - an arrogant, amoral, misogynistic, self-important coward (with zero sense of humour).  don't waste your time watching this drivel, it will leave you with a bad taste in your mouth that no amount of tequila can erase.
mediocre is good?.i was very disappointed after reading all the glowing reviews for this movie and then watching your average "bad guys on the run" movie.  gee, billy bob thornton plays a crazy bad guy who shoots people and he doesn't like cops at all; he even uses bad language!  a friend was watching it with me and he thought i was watching the lifetime channel. this movie just plodded along down cliche boulevard
bastardized!!.mission:impossible, the tv series, told the adventures of the impossible missions force -- an elite team of covert operatives who were sent to overthrow mob kingpins, foreign dictators, terrorists and others who threatened the security of the united states. rather than engage in james bond-like shoot outs, the imf team worked together to covertly neutralize threats, leaving little or no trace of their involvement. although the imf had a leader (steven hill as dan briggs and peter graves as jim phelps), there was no star of the group -- just a bunch of individuals working together to achieve its objective. a truly groundbreaking show...along comes brain de palma's catastrophe of a remake, starring that couch-jumping scientologist tom cruise. within half an hour of the film starting, the entire imf team, save for cruise, is killed off, jim phelps (jon voight) is exposed as a double agent and basically the entire concept of the original mission:impossible is shot to hell. granted, ving rhames and jean reno are present as cruise's new team, but mission:impossible is quickly bastardized as yet another tom cruise vehicle where he preens and postures. making a film called mission:impossible into a star vehicle goes against the spirit of the original tv series. it's obscene what tom cruise's ego has done to bruce geller's original concept. this is just another action film with mr. cruise flashing his toothy smile and saving the world all by himself. see the original tv series and skip this piece of bastardized trash
pretty woman meets toxic tort.even though i would agree that "erin brockovich" is an entertaining movie, julia roberts performance in it is no more oscar-worthy than was her performance of a prostitute in "pretty woman."  i am second to no one in enjoying a good "david and goliath" story, but this movie has such shaky roots in reality, it is more of a tall tale, than the "true" story of a historic class action suit that, i would imagine, left more unhappy plaintiffs, than it did satisfied ones.  however, as the movie title implies, this is indeed erin brockovich's story, in the same way that the "xena" character is the main attraction in "xena: warrior princess" (though it should be noted that xena's wardrobe is considerably more modest than that of the erin brockovich character)...erin brockovich is a vain, brassy, boorish, single mother of three young children, with no marketable work skills, a transparently opportunistic manner, who dresses very much the same way as the prostitute character roberts played in "pretty woman" (prior to richard gere's character taking her on the infamous rodeo drive shopping spree).  the movie's beginning finds erin unemployed and pursuing a personal injury lawsuit in connection with an automobile accident; her lawsuit is lost, primarily thanks to her own disastrous testimony (swearing, cursing and shrieking from the witness stand) while being questioned by opposing counsel.   unbelievably, erin parlays the failed lawsuit into a job at her attorney's (played by albert finney) firm, mainly by pushing her way into the office and ensconcing herself at a desk.   later, while handling the paperwork for a run-of-the-mill, pro bono, real estate sale, erin discovers the file contains the seller's medical records, that, for reasons she (correctly) does not understand, seem to be of particular interest to the buyer, the mega utility company, pacific gas and electric.  erin independently embarks on her own personal investigation of the case and discovers that pge had (for decades) negligently contaminated the ground water (surrounding one of their power plants in/near hinkley, ca on the edge of the mojave desert) with toxic, hexavalent chromium.  this discovery leads to the queen mother of all class-action lawsuits (at least in terms of the award), in which hundreds of hinkley residents sue pge (by and through the representation of erin's boss) in a toxic tort action that eventually nets a 330 million dollar settlement for the plaintiffs...roberts gives a photogenic, if not especially gifted, performance in her role as erin. the movie contains a plethora of flattering shots of roberts (literally gushing out skin-tight, low-cut, bustier-inspired "work clothes" that would never be permissible attire for any employee of a law firm on this planet) as she engages in warm and fuzzy discourses with the unsuspecting and unsophisticated hinkley residents. while there is much to be said for erin's apparent drive and tenacity as she pursues the plaintiffs in the suit, she is not an especially likeable character; rather, she is rude, verbally abusive and only conciliatory and kind when and if it serves her interests...albert finney is considerably more appealing and believable as ed masry, the aged and  weary attorney who is erin's boss.  the bantering that occurs between the two is generally amusing; unfortunately thanks to the inept direction and camera work, the focus for these scenes seems to be more on roberts (strutting about in short leather skirts and noisy, five-inched-heeled mules) than on the sometimes-interesting personality dynamics that seemingly exists between the two characters.  aaron eckhart plays the affable, gentle biker and next-door-neighbor, george, who becomes erin's boyfriend-by-convenience.  the "convenience" factor is totally one-sided and for erin's benefit exclusively; she  unabashedly uses george for free, live-in childcare, thereby giving her the necessary freedom to assist masry as they put together the historic case.  erin eventually winds up receiving a staggering two million dollar "bonus" check  (from masry) when the tort action case settles; contrastingly, george gets a "thanks" for his nanny services from erin and his walking papers. ..the plaintiffs in the case are an assortment of simple individuals with unpretentious outlooks on life, who have been dealt a dirty hand by the utility giant.  though the hinkley residents are sympathetically portrayed, make no mistake-this movie is about erin brockovich (indeed, i do not think there is a single scene in which the chacracter is not present) and less about the brave struggles with life-threatening, generation-spanning illnesses that the real-life plaintiffs were forced to face, due to the toxicity in their water source.  erin brockovich is presented to the viewing audience (in typical hollywood fashion) as a sort of heroine; but in fairness it would seem more accurate to say that she was a woman who indiscriminately used people, walked on others when necessary and seized opportunity after opportunity until she eventually struck it lucky and got rich.  is the movie entertaining-absolutely.   inspiring- not even slightly.
explosions  animal crackers.if there is one thing michael bay is good at, it's explosions.... big 'ol explosions. there are a lot of them in this film, along with a painful-to-watch romantic scene involving animal crackers. ..this is a film that ben affleck  billy bob thornton (both in the film) admit to being ashamed of...pure "leave your brain at the door" entertainment.
spooked a 2-year old.when this dvd was first watched, the adults in our household thought that these winnie the pooh stories did a very good job introducing ghosts to the 23 1/2 month old in the house.  however, in recent days we have decided to hide this movie because it has caused the 23 1/2 month old to worry about ghosts now, even though we told her and she agrees with us verbally that ghosts are not real.  this little girl is an avid movie watcher and has an amazing concentration level when it comes to watching them.  unfortunately she has internalized this one and now will not go to bed in her room at night alone.  and she has never had a problem going to bed before.  parents beware of this dvd, just because it is pooh does not mean it is totally harmless to impressionable little minds
nick of disappointment.this movie was surprisingly bad. despite the generally positive reviews from amazon, and the combined force of johnny depp and christopher walken, i couldn't wait for "nick of time" to end...first off, the plot was so absurd, it was laughable. i don't usually like when somebody calls a movie unrealistic, but "nick of time" was exactly that. it is nearly impossible to enjoy the film given the ridiculous story line. even if you manage to get past the story line, the movie is not suspenseful in any way. you'll predict the ending after the first five minutes...secondly, although i love both walken and depp, neither is at their best in this film. i can't even blame them given the poor script. this story would make the performance of any actor hard to believe...finally, there are absolutely no redeeming qualities from the film. i've seen movies that were altogether much worse, that had at least something i found interesting. this movie just didn't have anything at all. ..i would recommend you avoid this film, because you most definitely will be disappointed. if you are a fan of walken and depp as i am, avoid it anyway. you can find these two in a ton of other excellent movies.
missing scenes.the dvd is missing some of the scenes that are in the tv version. there are no deleted scenes either. where did the scenes go and why? i expected the dvd to have more, not less than the tv version
not enough dr. ballard or titanic. is not what it bills itself as..titanic revealed...i just purchased the dvd of this production. after watching the entire feature along with extras i have to admit i'm a bit disappointed...from the way this dvd is promoted you expect a documentary of dr. ballard going back to the titanic to go over what the grave robbers have done to it and document its condition. sadly, we get that but in much less quantity that i expected. what we do often get is mini segments about titanic collectors, super secret navy missions, commentaries from people within the community and a debate about whether salvaging is appropriate. the interview with ken marschall is especially akward...the segement about dr. ballard's "super secret" mission i think was being over dramatic and unecessary. many people knew of his dives on the thresher and the scorpion right before the titanic. so thats not some huge revelation as to why he got to search for the ship in 1985...personally, i was hoping for something akin to the national geographic special "secrets of the titanic." while filmed in 1985 with less sophisticated cameras. it honored the ship with no jim cameron style fluff and detours. that 1985 documentary stands out against later videos - it has heart, its human and it focuses on the ship. the titanic is the star; not a sub, not a film maker. dr. ballard's original piece humanizes the wreck. the humanization is one of the most powerful elements of the titanic story. ..in the final anaylsis this production does not live up to how it hypes itself. it should be titled "titanic debates with some footage of bob ballard again at the titanic." that is far more honest as to what this dvd is. only the special section only partially redeems itself. it though is way too short and recycles video from the main feature...i agree with dr. ballard it is terrible the way the wreck is being plundered for profit. titanic is a graveyard and should be treated as such - with great respect. it should be honored and allowed to rest without vultures picking at the carcass.  more than one titanic survivor felt that way...for the price (almost $18) stay away from this dvd. if it were $5 i'd say its fine. however, for the hefty price tag for an hour and 15 minutes of a presentation that doesn't live up to its billing. don't waste your money
reason of production: ticket sales..the remake took out the best elements of the original while keeping its initial problems, some of them being the sudden mutual understanding that a fog is responsible for the deaths as well as the "mishap" that the fog f/x's in the remake look just as campy as the original ones.  .the acting is absolutely dreadful. i had hopes for selma blair - but nevermind. carpenter's version gave us at least some rock solid minutes by hal hoolbrock, janet leigh and john houseman. even tom atkins beats the hell out of the pretty boy poorly taking over his role..the camera work is reminiscent of productions suited for television yet not fit for the silver screen..the editing is way too quick - something i blame many current filmmmakers for who paste the story together so quickly that the viewer doesn't even have time to let the action on screen sink in. .the soundtrack: generic bass sounds, crescendo-ing horns...the usual. carpenter's fistful of repetitive piano notes had at the time more impact..this remake (just like the majority of other remakes) was designed to suck ten bucks out of the pockets of horror film fans who should know better by now..did i mention that this film is family friendly? 'nough said
total garbage.some movies are not be remade. this remake does not have the creepy settings or lighting of the original. the cast stinks.  why did they change the story? it is too wishy-washy. if you want to see better acting, creepier settings, and a music score that will scare you, see the original
just sleep-inducing: yet another pointless remake.john carpenter's `the fog' may not be his greatest film, and that is exactly the reason for remaking or improving it. the character of vengeful blake could be scarier with modern prosthetics, and the deadly fog that sneaks in on the townspeople could be more atmospheric with today's special effects. revolution studios seems to have thought the same way, but sadly something went terribly wrong while making the film itself...what is wrong? the answer is clear. that is the film's incoherent storytelling, which made me dizzy while watching it. the original's story about the ghosts seeking revenge remains intact, and the film presents how they show up at the quite seaside town (or an island ... whatever) shrouded in a fog. so far, it's good, but the problem is how to tell this story...apparently the fog is so whimsical that it appears and disappears without particular logics behind its random actions. it can sneak into a kitchen, but not a fridge. it can turn a human into a mummy-like corpse in a second, but it uses that trick not much, because it seems to know that the cgi is costly. the lack of consistent logics just helps make the film scare-free. ..slow and sleep-inducing pace of the film only makes us realize the impossibility of the film's plot. in horror films i usually don't expect much from the characters, but the behaviors of them here are incredibly stupid. if you find a video camera that might prove your friend is not a killer, you won't hide it from the police and give it to your girlfriend. forget the law of physics here. if your car crashes, overturning several times before finally plunging into the sea, you would get seriously hurt. not in this film, because of the driver happens to be the star of the film. ..new version of `the fog' is not scary. well, the original was not that scary, but it was moody and stylish. they certainly did change some part of the original, but none of the changes make sense. so ... why did they remake it
sound is so bad almost inaudible!.ok now i am afraid to try any other our gang dvds! no one mentions how poor the sound is, so that it it almost impossible to understand what is being said! this made this dvd worthless in my opinion
ego trip anyone? (emphasis on "trip").four wealthy millionaire rock stars lacking direction, loaded with drugs with paul mccartney in charge -- what do you get?  magical mystery tour.  with no plot, great music, this plays as a too-long music video without purpose. ok if you're a beatles fan this serves as historical footage of the band circa 1967.  but if you weren't a beatles fan then there is no reason for this.  at least a hard days' night with richard lester as director was innovative and can still serve as a learning tool for future filmakers - but this?  too many drugs and too much ego and no direction.  that's all.
dull, dated, and a pompous length.i fairly enjoyed the quaint opening of the movie with jimmy fishing and reminiscing with his legal eagle pal.  however, then.the problem of the endless rehashing of the rape began, and the antiquated ideas about "provocation of rape" were ceaselessly unpealed.  leading to courtroom discussions about how she was dressed, how she acted, if she flirted.  reflections of a bygone era when a crime wasn't a crime, but may have been a crime depending on the height of the skirt line.  but even worse than that is the ungodly length of court room banter, often sound and fury which disappointingly led to nothing at the end.  no smoking gun or interesting twist or clues to successfully assemble.  just a court full of knicker snickerers and a trial that supposedly hinged on the prosecutor's awareness of  the victims paternal history.  nonsense, and 3 hours down the tubes. however, the movie gets two stars for the clever and alert interjections of the judge, and the appearance of a young george c. scott, who at that age was interestingly a deadringer for michael douglass.  jimmy does a stand-up job as always
you get what you pay for....terrible film-dvd transfers, and yes, you get 50 movies for about $13, but look at the titles carefully.  if you feel you can enjoy at least 2 of the movies, then this set is worth it (for me it was being able to watch "horror express" and "bad taste" for the 1st time in decades).  otherwise - wow!  there's a lot of crappy movies in the box
where is deadtime stories??!!!.i bought this set just for that movie and it's not on here!! why?! i am so mad
help.a question for anyone who has this dvd pack. i am after a movie my friends and i watched years ago. it was about a lady going out for cigarettes on a wet night and having to stop for petrol on the way home. a killer is running lose as we hear on the news, playing on the car radio.  the petrol attendant worries her in the way he is acting. he tries to get her out of the car but she wont. he attacks the car trying to get her out.  what she does not realise is the killer is in the back of her car and the attendant is only trying to save her...  this short movie was on with 3 other movies one being about a boy being sucked into a video game.  we would greatly appreciate any help finding out the name of the dvd or tape which has these four short stories on it.  we are wondering if they are on this dvd or any of the others listed with amazon.  thank you. aussie girls
jimmiel.the delivery was quick, however the quality of the picture on most of the movies leaves a lot to be desired
confusing, too many characters, difficult to follow story line.simply put: the movie is boring.  clich upon clich is confirmed and story lines never come together. it seems as if the director was unsure whether to make a movie or a documentary. the main plot is very thin (a cia agent is ordered to kill an oil prince, gets caught and then warns the prince (why?)) and therefore some elements were added to make the movie more interesting. so, a kid dies, which results in the "natural" response of the father: freely advising the person indirectly responsible for his son's death. the lawyer has a drunk "friend" and keeps him around, why, no one knows. some kids become suicide terrorists and blow up a ship...all in all, this is one of the worst movies i have seen in quite a while. i was neither entertained nor intellectually challenged. i neither laughed nor cried, i did not gain an understanding nor was i compelled to learn more or take up a cause. it meant nothing to me, which in my eyes is the worst one can say about a movie. ..save your money, save your time, choose another movie.
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.me and a female friend went and watched this one in the theater. i ... was ... bored ... out ... of ... my ... skull. after about a half hour my friend, who tends to be more "progressive" than i, actually suggested we leave. it was the first time either of us have ever left while the movie was playing. ever!..perhaps i'm biased. however i highly recommend that no one get this movie. the only reason i can think that anyone would give it a good rating is because of its political slant. i tend to lean to the right, but even i was entertained by v for vendetta, despite it being blatant liberal propaganda. if you are going to pontificate about how we conservatives are evil, at least make it interesting
not good....just rented this dvd and was quite surprised.  normally, i'm a big george clooney and matt damon fan.  however, in this film, their talents were underutilized and did not make up for the poor script, editing, and direction which made this film quite dull to watch...while the idea behind the movie is good, it could have been more entertaing, dramatic, or suspensful.  as another reviewer remarked, i was quite tempted to shut it off after 45 minutes and watch something else.  but, i did suffer through to the end, where the film just sort of ends and leaves viewers hanging..
syri-sucka....this film is boring, so much so that i could only take 35 minutes of it before i was forced to push stop. this is a soap opera about politics  oil companies. it's weird jump around style is confusing  pointless...do yourself a favor and don't bother w/ this garbage
rent it......maybe..i watched this because it has big gipp from the goodie mobb in it.  that is the high point, the movie is not very good.  if your a goodie mobb fan rent it just out of curiosity.  if not stay away from this one
its ok but i gave it away.although i love the firm, this one is not my favorite.it is a good workout,there is just something about it...it drags.perhaps ms delrio is not quite as toned as one would hope..i don't know.at one point she has her eyes shut while she squats.i have dozens of firms and some with this instructor, that i like.it seems that most firm videos have a way of tricking you into working out hard before you know it, but this one falls short in some indescribable way
watch out for bogus reviews.most of these reviews look like they have been posted by employees of the production/sales company that released them. they read like the fake tesimonials in cheezy infomercials. seriously, would you buy "another great firm video" as genuine feedback? please
buyer beware!.i love the office.  what i don't love is amazon listing a 3-disc boxed set of seasons 1 and 2 and the 2 bbc specials for sale and then mailing me 2 separate discs of seasons 1 and 2.  so be aware that amazon is not shipping what they advertise here.  i have contacted them and have had not a reply about this
mc cloud.this was very enjopyable when it first aired on television but is is dated and not as good as i recall from 30 years ag
boycott universal tv series box sets.lets starting boycotting tv series to dvd box set, from universal/mca, they are the only ones, that charges the highest price. the 1st season of mccloud, was originally televised, six -60 min. episodes, instead, universal give three - 90 min. episodes, in which 30 min. is missing from each of those episodes. also universal/mca, don't provide the original music in their box sets, so maybe if sales drop, they will start providing the episodes uncut, with the original music, instead of the cheap substitute music and cut episodes, they give us now!..1st season 1970 (part of four-in-one)..  1- 1     183a    16 sep 70   man from taos (1) (orig who says you can't make friends in new york city?) (60 min).  1- 2     184a    23 sep 70   manhattan manhunt (1) (orig horse stealing on fifth avenue) (60 min).  1- 3     185a    30 sep 70   murder arena (1) (orig the concrete corral) (60 min).  1- 4     184b     7 oct 70   manhattan manhunt (2) (orig the stage is all the world) (60 min).  1- 5     185b    14 oct 70   murder arena (2) (orig walk in the dark) (60 min).  1- 6     183b    21 oct 70   man from taos (2) (orig our man in paris) (60 min)
not nearly as good as i had remembered or hoped....i remember watching the nbc mystery movie in the 70s. i remember the theme music (not on the dvd, by the way) for the series and the guy with the flashlight...just like everyone else who grew up with tv in the 70s. i really looked forward to the release of mcmillan and wife and mccloud, especially since i hadn't seen many episodes since my childhood..the script-writing is awful. the plots are lousy. the jokes are lame, the arguing with the chief forced, the love-making with chris ridiculous! not enough terry carter, either. the guest stars (except julie sommars) are given almost nothing to do!.i am desperately waiting for december 6th and the release of season one of the rockford files. i've seen that show often through the years and it combined great acting, writing, and story-telling..sometimes nostalgia stinks.
we were robbed!.we bought "the series."  what we got was season 2 complete (unless any were originally 2 hours in length); the pilot tv movie mccloud: who killed miss u.s.a.? bearing the syndication title portrait of a dead girl; and three 90-minute "movies" each compiled subsequent to their original network run by frankensteining two random, unrelated one-hour episodes of the show's first season - which ran under the umbrella title, 4 in 1 - and cutting each set of two episodes by 30 minutes -- with the result that some guest stars were entirely cut from the mix!  for those studio executives who don't understand the concept, nostalgia means we want what we remember viewing...the way it was...not frankensteined into phony movies.  if universal had any integrity at all, they'd gather that pilot with its original title sequence and the unedited, original 1-hour network versions of these six episodes...with the 4 in 1 umbrella sequence...and at least offer to sell this to us in a nice slimcase to replace their careless disc 1, season 1.  i supposed next we'll have to beware of columbo and other mystery movie 2-hour episodes being released edited down to 90 minutes to conform (and yet being sold as "the complete season!
embarrassing.why did they even bother transferring this movie to dvd?  seriously?  the [...] child of a masterpiece, "the vanishing" sports some of the most half-hearted performances and sometimes downright hilarious performances of the 90's...this isn't a matter of comparison.  this movie, all by itself, just sucks. if i hadn't seen the original i'd just think, "what a brilliant plot, too bad they decided to bury it (no pun intended) with everything else in the movie". jeff bridges manages an unintentional bust a gut type performance as the sociopathic professor; his accent is so forced and ridiculous that one wonders occasionally if this a parody of that great, gut wrenchingly disturbing, hitchcockian 1988 movie.  sandra bullock and kiefer sutherland are themselves, which add nothing to the movie. ..and the ending.  oh, the ending.  we've been cheated.  totally cheated.  all the power that this clunker might have had is torn away in a fervor of "it has to be upbeat!" hollywood cornball syndrome.  sandra bullock is rescued, the villain is hit with a shovel, and everything is a-ok!  even though kiefer sutherland's original girlfriend has been buried alive and suffocated.  this is [...]of a great movie.
i'd rather swim in king kong's crap than watch this movie.this is awful. simply awful. the effects on mighty joe young were laughable back in 1998, and looking at them now after seeing the glory that is peter jackson's king kong... no. just... no. bill paxton also needs to be banned from acting. hell, even congo was better than this tripe
an excercise in not being objective!.tony robinson has the skill, through his personality, to convince the viewer of the thoroughness of his research and sincerity. indeed that is what comes over in this documentary...unfortunately when the documentary is closely examined it is not objective. for example robinson conducts an irrelevant grail chase and he ridicules dan brown's claim that all the art, architecture and secret societies in his book are real. however, robinson does not prove that any of these are false. it is true that he challenges their significance but that is not the same as proving that brown was wrong in identifying them...this documentary lacks the balance that is necessary to make it credible and my impression is that it follows a preconceived notion to present the book as a hoax. unfortunately robinson appears to have lost the plot for the book is a work of fiction
the dvd i received is messed up!.the soundtrack does not match the film you are seeing, and it is really irritating. (it's off by a few seconds.) i'm sure i would have enjoyed it more had it been in synch
biography johnny depp.i cancelled this order since i already had this dvd with a different front cover so i did not receive this product. please check your records. thanks, mitzi hei
the low point of paul verhoeven's otherwise solid career..(this is the same review that i posted on epinions.com under the user name alan-smithee)...i've been a fan of director paul verhoeven for many years now. while he has often been criticized for using style over substance, i think that a lot of his films are done quite well. this is especially in regards to his dutch films from the 70's and early 80's like turkish delight, soldier of orange and the 4th man (which made a lot of people in hollywood sit up and take notice of him). ..his first american film was the flop flesh  blood but he quickly made a name for himself with the awesome sci-fi/action film robocop. he followed it up with the equally inventive  ultra-violent arnold schwarzenegger film total recall in 1990 before he made the controversial erotic-thriller basic instinct in 1992. like his dutch movies, these films showed he wasn't afraid of using explicit sexuality or extreme graphic violence to make his directorial point get across. those last 3 american films were huge successes and paul verhoeven basically had everyone knocking on his door with projects of every sort. ..for reasons that will forever be unexplained, he then made the infamous soft-core flop showgirls. this film was also written by basic instinct screenwriter joe eszterhas (who also has written jagged edge and jade) and was notorious upon it's theatrical release because the filmmakers decided to make an unabashedly nc-17 major studio film. if this film had been a huge success as well as turning out to actually be a great film, it could have legitamized the adult only nc-17 rating and make other filmmakers/studios realize that the nc-17 rating could be a legitimate rating. people still think the nc-17 equals porn despite the fact that it was made to apply to movies too strong for an r rating but movies that aren't pornography either. ..but as we all know, this definitely wasn't the case. showgirls turned out to be one of the worst and most laughable movies ever released. it's worth watching this movie at least once in your lifetime as it is truly mind-boggling that this film turned out so awful. however, over the years i've really wondered if verhoeven might have meant for this to turn out this way, but i digress. :) ..the "plot" involves nomi malone (ex "saved-by-the-bell star elizabeth berkley) who at the beginning of the movie is trying to hitch-hike her way to las vegas. right from the start she comes across as very beautiful but extremely dumb (i don't think she might have been acting actually). she hitches a ride with a guy in a pick up truck who ends up leaving her in vegas without any of her luggage. while puking in the parking lot(!), she befriends a young woman by the name of molly (gina ravera). molly lets nomi stay with her in her trailer and practically overnight they are best friends. nomi ends up getting a job in a strip club ran by al (robert davi). ..while she is doing her strip routine one night, she catches the eye of both zack carey (kyle maclachlan sporting a k.d. lange hairdo) and his bi-sexual girlfriend cristal connors (the luscious gina gershon). turns out that cristal is the reigning queen of vegas showgirl dancers and has the premier job at the stardust casino. zack is her boyfriend as well as her agent of sorts. ..nomi gets angry after she catches cristal flirting with her while nomi's stripping and she gets upset and darts backstage. al has all of his female strippers work the crowd after their routine trying to land a high paying lap dance with someone in the audience. cristal offers nomi 500 dollars to give zack a lap dance which nomi grudgingly accepts after al pressures her into doing it. ..they make their way back into the lap dance area in which nomi does a full striptease for zack before grinding away in his lap causing him to eventually have an intense orgasm. cristal is equally turned on by nomi's "performance" at first but notices that zack and nomi got a bit too close during their lap dance. ..eventually, nomi gets a mysterious invitation to audition at the stardust casino in their goddess stage show. through some outside interference from zack, she gets the gig. but she still wants to be top dog and ends up betraying cristal in a couple of respects to get her top position. ..i should also mention that there also plot elements about nomi's "shady" past and various other things including a completely inappropriate  brutal rape of molly by a world famous singer that she greatly lusts after. nomi also befriends a male black dancer who seems to think that nomi actually has considerable dancing potential (he must have been blind). also keep in mind that this film is 2 hours and 11 minutes long! ..the acting is just plain awful in regards to everybody in the cast. this film was supposed to be elizabeth berkley's big breakthrough role in hollywood but it ended up doing the exact opposite. her career has never really fully recovered from her appearance in this debacle. while she does look fantastic throughout the movie (though a lot of people i know don't think she was all that attractive in this movie), she just didn't seem to have a clue as to what she was doing. as for her infamous stripping/lap-dance scenes, she just doesn't seem to have the talent/ability to make these scenes thoroughly convincing or erotic. as great as she looks completely nude, she just comes across as laughable. ..klye maclachlan sleepwalks his way throughout the film and sports a haircut that makes him look like a dead ringer in a k. d. lang look-a-like contest. robert davi has seemingly made a career appearing in dreck like this. ..the only person that actually benefitted from her performance in this atrocity was gina gershon. she seems to be the only who realizes how awful this movie actually was and plays her part with her tongue firmly planted in her cheek. looking great and having fun, her performance is the only thing in this movie that stands out other than the abundant nudity. ..paul verhoeven usually has a very fluid directorial style but it is almost completely missing in this film for the most part. it seems that all he care about was the stripping/lap-dance scenes and everything else just fell by the wayside. the one thing i did really like was the nice cinematography. that's one of the few things that this movie has going for it. ..the big buzz surrounding the movie when it was originally released was that it was supposedly chock full of explicit (though simulated) sex and really earned it's adult only nc-17 rating. to be honest, other than the considerable (mostly female) nudity, i've seen r-rated movies that were much worse in the sex category. during nomi's first strip-tease, there is a fairly explicit shot of her sticking her hand down her panties, the lap-dance is fairly in-your-face, and there is a sex scene between zack and nomi in his pool which is somewhat explicit but unintentionally goofy as she's basically just duplicating her laughable lap dance moves. but even that is for the most part shot from the waist up. since this was designed from the get go to be a nc-17 picture, they should have pulled out all of the stops on the explicit sexual content to at least have the film pay off in that respect. what is on display here isn't really all that much more explicit than what was shown in boogie nights imo. while the pool scene is energetic, it certainly isn't erotic in the least though elizabeth berkley looks quite nice soaking wet while completely nude.  i heard one remark that she looked like a dolphin having an epilectic seizure during this scene. ..there is also quite a few sequences of the goddess performance in the stardust casino that mainly consist of men and women leaping and dancing across the stage while a fake volcano is spitting powder  glitter in the air in which cristal emerges out of it. at that point, all the of the women had their tops removed and then they dance a bit longer before running off stage to change into their next outfits. the direction and camera moves during these sequences are quite a bit better than the rest of the movie, but they can't even come close to salvaging the rest of the film. ..i guess that the only way that i would recommend checking out this film is to just check out how putrid virtually every line of dialogue in this movie is. elizabeth berkley fans would also be wise to check it out as she does really look stunning and does quite a bit of full frontal nudity. ..this film was nominated for a bunch of razzies and won pretty much every category that it was nominated in (deservedly so i might add). paul verhoeven actually was there in person to accept his razzie for worst director which was the first time someone had actually shown up to accept their "awards". ..while he re-gained his momentum again with starship troopers and hollow man, the damage that showgirls causing to everyone involved (with the exception of gina gershon) will never escape him. (on a side note, denise richards was originally cast in the nomi lead role but ended up backing out due to second guessing how much nudity she would have to be doing. that i would have liked to see as i think she's gorgeous.)every interview i have seen with him he seems to be in extreme denial about how awful this movie actually is. i seriously think that he feels that people don't completely understand what he was trying to do with the movie. ...the mgm dvd release of showgirls presents the film in anamorphic widescreen in it's 2.35:1 theatrical ratio. compared to the full screen vhs version, the dvd actually loses quite a bit of picture information on the bottom of the frame and gains very little on the sides as the movie was filmed in the super 35 format. on the dvd, when nomi is grinding zack towards an orgasm during the infamous lapdance sequcne, the widescreen dvd version cuts her off from the waist down while in the vhs version you see everything. i know that this is the way it was seen in theaters but after quite some time of seeing it on full screen vhs i had gotten used to that extra footage at the bottom of the screen. while i normally advocate watching the widescreen version, this is a rare case in which i think that mgm could have easily offered a full-frame on one side of the dvd and the wide-screen version on the other. but alas, the wide-screen is all that you get on the dvd. while this is the way it was seen in theaters, paul verhoeven has stated that he prefers the full frame version. there are instances in the full frame vhs version in which you actually get more nudity and in a movie such as this turkey, nudity is all it has going for it. other than the theatrical trailer and a short promotional featurette, this is pretty bare bones. the picture quality is excellent on the dvd and with the considerable amount of flesh on display, the flesh tones look very natural and the entire film just has a great look to it. the dvd is also the full uncensored 131 minutes nc-17 cut of the movie. ..this movie has also been re-released on dvd since this review was originally written in a vip edition that gives overkill an entire new meaning. ...i am recommending this film mainly since that everyone should watch it at least once. it is so unintentionally funny that it will rattle your mind that anyone involved in this production thought they were actually making a good film. ..one of the worst films of all time!!!! ..(a quick side note that denise richards was originally signed on to play the role of nomi in the movie but had second thoughts when she realized how much she was going to be completely nude in the film in addition to the somewhat explicit sexual nature of the movie). ...showgirls is rated nc-17 and contains strong sexual content, abundant nudity, rape, strong language, drug use and violence.
laughably poor cinderella story.big budget, but big on "stoopid" as well. the cast had some great potential, but the film flops on the tedious, tantrum filmed performance of its lead: elizabeth berkley...nomi leaves a bad life, moving to las vegas in search of a better one in the bright lights. she meets molly, who takes her in, and eventually finds herself working at the cheetah, doing lap dances while looking for her big break at one of the more upscale clubs. she gets her chance when cristol conners (gershon), current diva of the stage at the stardust, buys her beau, zack carey (maclachlan), the stardust's entertainment manager, a lapdance from nomi. while fending off the lesbian advances of conners, nomi manages to score big: she bags the role of conners' understudy, snatches conners' man zach, and eventually dumps conners down a flight of stairs in order to get herself into the spotlight...elizabeth berkley is a cinderella who behaves more like one of the wicked step-sisters. her interaction with others is either wild-eyed temper tantrum, or sweet little innocent, oftentimes within the same scene. take some prozac, sister! the amount of time the other more substantial leads spend pursuing her in the face of her abuse, tantums and such makes the whole film less than credible...everyone spends alot of time nude in the film. berkley shows all of her openings, gratuitiously, and her inane love scenes with maclachlan (who shows quite a bit of backside) are more funny than erotic. there is nothing erotic about this film, though gershon does show a vampishly stylish performance. robert davi, as owner of the cheetah, is sleazily charming, as is lin tucci, the bawdy big lady who provides comic relief during the shows. maclachlan... well, he's never been one of my favorite actors, neither for looks or talent, but he does have a fine ass, and shows quite a bit of it in the film
failure.it's well known that 'showgirls' flopped. i remember director paul verhoeven getting an award for having produced something like 'the worst movie of the year'...it's not hard to point out its failure: the young  attractive lead elizabeth berkley cannot act. as elizabeth is in focus quite a lot, her frequent appearance turns 'showgirls' into disaster...in hindsight it's incredible that an experienced director like paul verhoeven hired someone like her. i guess the blatant display of nudity in berkley's role, as well as in this whole movie, made better actresses look elsewhere. the more so, while 'showgirls' theme and plot are somewhat meagre...one star for the effort, and another for the nice picturing. any lavish display of female nudity cannot cover the failure of 'showgirls' concept
wolf's rain part i and part ii.i bought i and ii of this released wolf's rain because when i first read the reviews one of the reviewers claimed there was an alternate ending.  i am sooooooooooooo disappointed because now that i have the second part there is no alternate ending and i now see that that review has been deleted. i think amazon handled this whole thing very poorly.  we depend on what they provide to help us make our buying choices
not wht avartised.this is still cool but you only get 4 volumes not the full 7 i recmend if u realy want the complete colletion go to best buy and buy it for the $100
where's the beef?.this very b grade horror film left alot to be desired.  aside from one blasemophous scene where the demon priest sucks on a crusifix to suggest oral sex, and a young man who has ripped open his shirt to carees his pecks sucks his crusifix, there wasnt much to make this unrated.  if your expecting to see frontal or rear nudity, forget it!  the nearest thing is teenage guys running around in tight calvin klein undies. however, if your someone who likes to use your imagination, this might be for you.  one good thing about this flick is a pre charmed hottie drew fuller rubbing himself all over in his undies.  if your a big drew fan like me, it might be worth buying, utherwise go buy a playgirl
par for the course.a boy has a college interview at a small academy and meets the other guys there.  and they talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk.  they go to classes and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk. then they go down to dinner and and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk.  then nighttime comes and the boys all feel themselves up.  in other words, this movie is vintage decoteau.  it defies all known logic (the boy shows up for his college interview, is accepted immediately and somehow moves in the same day with no luggage or discussion with parents), has lame effects and lots of half naked boys.  it's hard to tell if this is a commentary on the catholic church scandals or just another excuse to show writhing youg men in bed. definitely another laugh riot from the director of such "classics" as leeches and leather jacket love story
hahahahahah.this movie was extreamly stupid, but very funny.  we just laughed though this hole movie.  this was pretty much very soft porn.  the hole time all the guys did was rub themselves or the priest rubbed them.  the special effects sucked, they were probably better in the old bewitched episodes (the black and white ones!!).  the acting was very bad, and this movie is very anticrist
trash.this movie is typical hollywood anti-war, anti-military, anti-american trash.  the "show biz" liberals, aided and abetted by their ideological cousins, the left-wing tv news moguls, have always sought to portray american soldiers in viet nam as baby-killing, drug-crazed monsters.  this movie is typical of that ilk. if you want a more balanced view of the men who fought in that terrible war, buy the dvd of "we were soldiers."--a much better, and far more honest, film
this goes against a kid! this is the counter example that must be!.wow. unlike most people i wasn't that worried about cn taking  a hand of the second big 0 series. the fact that they were likely doing it for money didn't worry me in the least. i knew they would do their best to deliver a quality work and continue on with the spirit of big o. if you liked the first season but are denying yourself the second, you are making a big mistake. don't let kid's review scare you away either. that is neither proven nor acknowledged as a theory for the series. it is just one possible interpatation. to set those of you that have fears at rest, i will deliver a counter-example. for everything the kid said there is a counter example that makes the events of paragdrim real and the ones in the first episode as false. these are spoilers for the first episode, but please read it! especially if you read kid's review... it is a counter to that. ..spoilers: ..1. when roger speaks into his watch to call big o there is nothing on his wrist but a leather band and a broken watch. (a kid)..counter: yes. that is because as we speak roger is losing faith in himself and thus big 0 won't allow him to be his pilot. the missing watch isnt insanity. it is freudian psychology. as a side note, the reason the fake world roger invented looked like our world is for a variety of reasons. one of them is so that the audience can associate with it more. another reason is so that we think roger is insane. roger thinks he is insane, and the makers want us to think he is too. later, roger realizes he isn't insane. he was just afraid! he admits that fear and then gains back his confidence. the audience then moves on and enjoys the real world of the anime. "a kid" decided to not do that and instead set about ignoring the sequence of events, and also making giant assumptions out of absolutely nothing. for example kid: where does the insane asylum mentioned in 5. come from? there is no reference to it either abstractly or directly in the anime! you made up the asylum, and even admitted it yourself. the asylum forms a large part of your reasoning and without it the flaws in your theory are already becoming clear. i just hope that makes watching big 0 for the second or third time more enjoyable for you a kid (: ..2. the real beck, the bank manager, who roger fantasizes as a criminal, points out that "this man is obviously dilusional." (a kid)..counter: beck appears in the big 0 manga. everyone keep that in mind for the rest of what i say. now, in the anime roger is reading the manga. in the first episode of the second season, roger runs into beck. he knows who beck is. got that so far? good. later, after meeting beck, he reads the manga that beck is a villian in. now how is it that a "real" bank manager appears in the manga that supposedly inspires roger smith with the idea of making up a pretend world? did the bank manager give the manga makers permission to use his character for whatever reason for a vilian inside the manga? i know that is hard to understand, but read it through two or three times and it should become clear. it is already proof that a kid was wrong in his sequence of events, as in, what happened first and what happened next. ..3. roger reads from the big o manga and gets the idea for his fantasy about being a negotiator and piloting big o. (a kid)..righttttttt *sarcasm*. have you read the big 0 manga a kid? if roger smith as the wanderer based a fake world off of the manga, then why is it that so many people in the wanderer's world appear in the manga before he even reads it? roger was reading about people he had met in the wanderers world. for example, he met beck in a bank, called him on being a criminal, and was called delusional for his trouble. he then later, after meeting the bank manager beck, reads a manga that you (a kid) use as evidence that says that beck is a criminal, thus confirming what he already knew. roger is disheartened by this because he sees it as proof that his world does not exist (which it does). a bit like this: ..wanderer roger: oh. it is a manga. i can use this to make my own fantasy world! (wrong!) .negotiator roger: no! it is a manga! that must mean that i really am insane! (right! but not really, cause he is right and the manga is wrong. it is just what roger thinks). ..want another example? roger calls out dorothy's name as the human dorothy walks into the nightengale, but dorothy appears in the manga that roger reads afterwards. how can roger be living in a real world with a manga inspired off people that exist in his world? ..4. by the time angel comes to pick him up in the car roger has already returned to his fantasy world and nothing that occurs from that point on is real anymore for the rest of the series (i think). (a kid)..you think wrong. you don't think on a psychodynamic level do you? roger is being driven by conscious and unconscious forces, okay? get that through your head, it is crucial. roger is losing confidence in himself and unconscious forces within himself are helping him do just that. losing confidence. at the same time, we, the audience, are supposed to lose confidence with him. the next step is admitting that we were wrong and that roger is sane. you just decided not to do that. again, you just jumped around filling in holes and making the "crazy" theory where there was none. ..5. roger sees himself driving the car while he is in the back seat, a halucination that has been known to have been played out by schitzos. (a kid)..this is basically the first thing you said that has any bearing whatsoever. it isn't enough though. while what you said about schitzos is true, it isn't enough to condemn roger as one. rather, roger was trying to make himself (and by extension, us) think that he was schitzo. a person losing faith in themselves does what their intuition tells them. try to lose it faster! that was what roger did. eventually, he had to face the facts. roger the negotiator was real, big 0 was real, and he needed to master his fear and move on and embrace the uncertain future. ..a kid - a kid, your problem was that you put way too much stock inside one episode. after that you mixed around the sequence of events. you make it sound like roger read the manga and then met everybody inside it. that isn't impossible. a kid, you need to pay more attention to the other episodes! especially the last one. ..roger talks about how memory helps people find out who they are. .at the end, roger starts remembering who he is by examing his past. at the end of the series, roger claims he doesn't know exactly who he is. he starts remembering everything from start to finish because he wants to get a bearing on that. that is the end of big 0! he is using memory to help find out who he is now compared to what he was then. his experiences (with dorothy and angel) have changed him a lot. notice that the fact that he is insane doesn't even enter his head once. he got over it. you should too. ..roger the wandederer is the fake. roger the negotiator is real. roger has a lapse, that lapse made him think he was insane and he lost confidence. that was when he was wandering. he later realized (thanks to memories of the real android dorothy, for whom he feels affection) that the negotiator was real and the wandederer was just the guy who was afraid. ..a kid. the chances of you reading this a year later are tough. still, i got to press you. you seem smart. watch the series again and look out for the things i said. namely the first episode. as for everyone else. take what i have said to heart or at least to thought. ..a kid's theory about roger being crazy: it has no ground. a kid messed up the order of events in the first episode, ignored the rest of the series, and then made a whole bunch of assumptions that have no factual proof whatsoever. there is no asylum, there is no wanderer. that was roger losing faith. he regained the faith in himself and remembered he was the negotiator. read everything i said again if you are still confused. it is important that you understand...a kid makes you think the first episode is the only real episode. that is wrong. it is the fake episode, and that episode that is a review! come on everyone! think! the first episode of the second season is just a review on everything that happened in the first season of the anime! you have little retake episodes like that in every anime series you watch! think! the big o crew wasn't satisifed with just making a recap epsisode though. they made it like it was so that they could mess with our heads. a kid took a small ball, ran with it, and tried to make it into something it is not. he ignored the order and made very large assumptions where there are none. if you research a round a little, you'll find out that what i said is true. ..conclusion: roger the wandererer is the roger smith who is fake. he is the lost faith roger. roger the negoitator is the roger who regains faith...rent or buy?..buy of course.
it sucked!.i don't think i saw the same movie that others who have reviewed this movie did. i thought that it was one of the worst films that i have ever seen. i hated it. ..let me get this straight, people really appreciated and liked a movie about a "low budget" pimp who was "tricking" a girl so that he could achieve his "dream" of being a "rap star". now the actors did the best that they could with what they had, but it still only merits a .5 and i am stretching the 1 star....really i am. now back to the "complicated" plot....the girl he has been pimping (she sleeps with a loser at a pawn shop to get her pimp a microphone) ends up becoming a "business woman" (she sleeps with a disc jokey to have her imprisoned pimps music played on the air). there was a scene that i found to be very entertaining. one character staples fast food cup holders to the wall to make it sound proof so the pimp can have a studio. yeah..right. dumb! there were so many dumb parts in this movie, i lost track of them all. ..on top of being dumb, one of the actresses (the pregnant one who was standing by her "pimp/man" while he is in jail for beating up another "rap star" who dissed him...that's right..the plot becomes way complicated...and dumber..wait is that a word) comes out of this whole experience thinking she can "really sing" in real life and sang it at the oscars last year. and still...i am wondering what planet i am on, because they gave the stupid song an oscar for best movie. maybe i dreamed all that, or maybe i just don't know what a good movie is about! but in my opinion, this was not it.
this movie sucked.....i was so disappointed in this film. the only reason i gave it 2 stars is because of the heart and soul terrance howard put into his acting. i love terrance, he is an outstanding actor but seeing him playing a pimp was just embarrassing. he did an excellent job with the acting but i would have much rather seen him portraying marvin gaye. call me naive but is pimping still actually going on in memphis, tennessee in this day and time? and did terrance howard give ludacris' character a cassette tape to listen to? not a cd, a tape. i probably would have flushed it down the toilet too. and the hook to that song, "you know it's hard out here for a pimp." ya think? with prostitution being illegal in the state of tennessee and all. i found myself cringing and sliding down in my seat in the theatre when she began to sing because i was so embarrassed. don't get me wrong, i love my black people but sometimes when we get a chance to make a major motion picture we just don't quite bring it, do we? "the cookout" "how high?" "girl 6" "woo" "kingdom come" now we can add "hustle and flow" to the list. i'm glad terrance howard redeemed himself in "crash." do yourself a favor and pass on this one.
mediocre.terence howard stars as a pimp that's looking to "better" his life by making in big in rap music...a mediocre film that further pushes the stereotype of black people and it's a poor attempt to draw pity toward people that spend their lives making excuses for the dirty deeds they do. nobody is forced to be a pimp. sorry. go get a job even if it's at the store. atleast you would have some dignity then...pimps have no dignity. what's shocking is there's women that condone this movie and what it contains. but hey, we live in a sick world now so who can be surprised...2/
dane officially becomes a parody of himself..go to youtube, watch the mad tv dane cook parody.  then listen to this, and try to tell the difference.  betcha a million bucks you can't!  ..dane cook used to be funny, but his act has worn extremely thin.  he's hit completely rock bottom.  i have a big sense of humor.  even though i know he stole jokes from louis c.k. and wanted to bed jessica simpson, i could look past all that if he was actually funny.  but he's not.  not anymore. a totally "phoned-in" performance.  dane has the last laugh.  he writes "observational" jokes that actually aren't observations on life at all.. and he laughs all the way to the bank.  i'd advise you to stick with his performances before this, unless you like disappointment.
ok but not great.this movie was ok but kind of depressing the whole show builds up to this one thing that never happens and there is not munch of a happy ending, sean was great in it, a very diffrent chracter
boring fluff.i recently gave this movie another shot, at the request of a friend.  i was impressed, this time, with the beauty and consistency of the cinematography.  it's as if every scene could be a postcard, and the use of color and characters and costumes makes for decent viewing.  and the songs are great, if a little "forced" into the movie...unfortunately, that's all there is, except beautiful brad rowe, totally wasted here in this nothing piece about self-indulgence and galling disregard for everyone that loves you (while pining away for what you obviously can't have.)  add to that a generous splash of feigned concern for others (sean p. hayes' character) while simply pursuing your own desires.  ("i want to be there for him.")  right.  it's so artificial, it's about as convincing as plastic palm trees.  ..there are a few funny lines and nice dance numbers, but not enough to cover up the gaping holes and long, heart-felt pauses of nothing.  ..someone made this picture to fulfill their dream, and did a fine job of casting and cinematography.  there is little else to see here.  even as a fluff piece, it's barely worth your time
avoid.do not buy this movie. sounds good on paper but throughout the whole film, nothing happens. unfortunately, i kept waiting for the payoff. believe me, there isn't one
whoa wait!  we're uncoordinated white folk!.was hoping this would be a lot of fun for my 9 year old, and her younger brothers, too.  forget it.  extremely overwhelming for beginner dancers and fair-to-middlin' dancing moms, too.  the moves are cool, no doubt.  but my kids won't even attempt it. the coordination is not there.  not, not, not begginner friendly.  too fast and too hard
all bummed out.i bought this dvd for my 3 year old who loves to dance.  when the dvd arrived, i got him all pumped up to watch a dance video, popped it in and "error" was all i got.  i took it to a friend's house and it played.  i have a panasonic dvd player purchased in the united states and have never had any problem reading a dvd.  maybe this problem is uniquely mine, but if not, it would be nice if amazon could post more compatibility information to avoid others having such a disappointment
a dissapointment.i never read the book and never plan on reading it so unlike most of the other low rankings based on a bad adaptation of the book, mine's different. i saw patriot games and enjoyed it, so i bought this one too. but, it doesn't come close to its predecessor. the first one never let up and was always suspensful and exciting. this one is completely different. personally, for all of you complaining about how it strayed from the book which i haven't read, that would be tolerable if it were a good movie. i'm not even going to talk about the plot because it's so complicated. at times, i would be tearing my hair out because of all of the stuff going on at the same time. double crosses. hidden deals with colombians. secret partnerships. weird murders. well, anyway, with all of this stuff plus a lot more going on at the same time, i lost all hope and was staring at a screen which appeared blank to me. .sure, movies shouldn't be very simple but there comes a point when a movie is too complicated. and it was in this movie. so, don't rent or buy it, because you'll be very confused and bored. believe me, it's boring. so, rent or buy patriot games and act like this doesn't even exist.
ok, a bit disappointing though.this movie was rather dissapointing to me. if you like action anime movies then steer clear of this one, it doesn't have too much action, except towards the end. the animation is also rather lacking and is rather  outdated, for instance, lots of time when one character is moving and  talking the rest of the screen is completely stil
an impulse buy, makes me want to stop impulse buying....the animation was cool, but the storyline lacked a whole lot of substance. this movie needs a lot more background information for it to be interesting. also, remember the speeder chase through the forest in star  wars: return of the jedi? well, expect to hear those very sound bytes for  the alien fighters in this movie..
a total waste of time and money - its a movie full of lies.i watched this movie and found nothing but bundles of lies. he did his best not to divide india and it was all jinnah who divided and founded pakistan. gandhi was totally against it...in short - wasted my money. i would rather be watching a silly comedy show. that must have been atleast better than this movie.
is ghandi white?.at the beginning of the film, while on a train, ghandi (ben killingsley) is white. not semi-white, he is completely white. everyone in the class i was watching it with was totally confused, why the hell was this white guy calling himself ghandi? i started to think that maybe ghandi had a skin pigment problem, because in every scene he went from light, to semi-dark, to black as night. it was like a rotation, i was thoroughly confused. we get to watch ghandi get arrested about 8 times during the movie. it gets to the point where the story isn't going anywhere, you just keep watching him get arrested. then all of a sudden the british want to move out because the indians don't fight back when they are hit with sticks. when the indians are being beaten by the police its almost like a 3 stooges routine. i understand the message, but i also understand that this was another attempt, and good one, to be the first to make a movie about something(one) that really intrigues people. you think mel gibson is a devout catholic? please. if you want to ignore all the rediculousness and pretend that it was made by indians for indians, then you will get a lot out of this film. just try and forget that ghandi is a white, british, man.
it sucks, badly.really, the whole movie sucks.  let's start from the top, the plot.  now, as you probably know, the plot has nothing to do with the game, at all.  in fact, the only thing remotely close they have is the name, and the bfg.  the plot is genetic monsters take over some research facility and marines go in to save the day, you know the drill.  nothing horribly bad, except for it doesn't follow the game at all...however, this sad bunch of marines are the stupidest people on earth, and now mars.  really.  first, we have the kid, who is horrible at everything, he talks while he's supposed to be stealthy, he gets high on mission, etc.  yes, it's his mission, but i thought this was an elite military team, not some club that just anybody off the street can join without having any military training.  and portman, not only is a moron, but has a stupid grin on his face no matter what he's saying.  ..now, as for genres.  for a horror movie, it's not scary at all, not even a little suspense (though i kinda wanted the characters to die, so i guess that lost the suspense to me).  for an action movie, well, simply put, there's little to know action, until the very end.  and yes, there's a first person shooter sequence towards the end, but don;t be fooled, that is a gimmick and nothing more.  ..without spoiling anything,i'm just gonna say that the ending is incredibly generic...all in all, this movie is a waste of time and money.
don't shoot the screen, it's a movie!.well, this game... i mean, this movie is about... there are a group of... sorry. don't waste your time. nothing to see. even my boy, after seen the movie, decided to put the game on the shelf, without finishing it
worst video game movie.we rented this movie, knowing it wouldn't be an oscar winner or anything. i've seen some bad movies based on video games and comic books, but this took the cake. it was so lame! we thought it would at least be entertaining...no luck there. the best part about it was when it ended. what a relief!
my first review was too harsh (2.5 stars).when i first wrote a review for this movie i will confess that i was angry that it did not have any demons or evil monsters from hell, but upon further review i must take back my previous opinion, and say that though doom the movie does not carry the spirit of doom into it it is still a pretty good movie. i believe that if the movie had been more original then i would have liked it (except for the first person part of the movie wich is why the rating is not higher aside from not being original). overall as much as i hate to admit it this is a pretty good movie and worth watching (yes this is leaving a bad taste in my mouth) so go ahead and watch it it is by no standard the best video game based movie ever but decent overall.  .                             sorry about my first review
disappointing movie ... the game is much better.after playing doom 3 (the pc video game), i had high hopes for this movie. oh well. the movie was disappointing. were their monsters? yup. blood and guts? yup. swearing? yup. guns and special effects? yup. but after playing the pc video game, the movie lacked a lot on storyline. and it didn't make me jump as much as the game. the movie is dark, but that's okay, since it was patterned after the video game, which is also dark (although the game was much more "playable"...with darkness...than the movie was "watchable"). the game was scarier too. this says a lot about the game creators (very well done), and the movie directors (poor effort). i'm not sure why hollywood couldn't hack it. it might be okay as a rental (especially if you haven't played the game), but don't buy it. honestly, the movie turned-out to be just another alien movie.  however, the game tells a very different story..
here's the proper credit for doom.pathetic.  almost as bad as bloodrayne.  it would seem andrzej bartkowiak knew nothing of the game.  altough i did not go into this expecting it to be "spot on" with the story-line of the game, they could have at least tried to make the attempt.  the creators of doom the game deserved better than this movie
so-so.i never cared much for the soundtrack aside from a few tracks. this film was wack the acting,directing. but the story line was cool. in fact if someone knew how to put this together with a stronger cast this film would have been interesting.this film flip flopped time periodsit hurt it's cause.i will give prince props though for being a black film director back at a time when it was really raretruth be told in 2004 it ain't that much better on a whole
good for a frisbee.don't waste your time with this, folks. this movie is bad bad bad! horrible acting, stupid story (prince directed it himself, hey, he can't be good at everything) and outrageously ridiculous dialogue. but a few of the songs aren't bad (mountains, girls and boys, sometimes it snows in april) and that's why i'm even giving it one star. this is a really dumb tale about prince and morris day's valet jerome benton going to france where the former is a gigolo who falls in love. the one thing good i can say about this slop for the hogs is that it's better than the laxative-on-film "graffiti bridge." ..but if you want a very expensive frisbee or if you need a target for skeet-shooting, then go for it
awful!.ok so first lets get one thing strait this is one of the worst movies ever and thats about it.ok so i really liked the book and i was excited when i heard they were making a movie of it but then i saw it and didn't even end up finishing it it was soooooo bad they ruin everything nothing is the same...and when they go to the giant village there like belly dancing and ella is singing?????? alright that doesn't even sound good but theres a ton of other things as well but it would take to long to right it all down. i really sugest that you don't wast your time on this movie its not funny cute profitible not anything except bad. its a wast of time to watch this movie.
oy vey..oh, dear...this movie was an abomination.  why must directors insist on picking up books and deciding not to read them and make a movie out of them instead?  i can see why they would change a few plot and character points to make the book's storyline more marketable to the target moviegoers.  but honestly...there are many elements in the book that would have translated well to film that they left out and replaced with something cliched and unoriginal...and the film design!  bleh!  maybe it would be appealing to 5-year-old girls...but to me it looked garish, cheap, and...really fake.  the costuming was slightly better than our high school plays, and the sets looked frighteningly bright and animated.  ..i felt so much dumber after watching this movie.  i feel like i need an iq test...or a good book.  speaking of good books, ella enchanted is one of my favorites.  i don't know why i thought of that book just now.  i guess this movie vaguely reminded me of it...but not much
pul-eese. why did they have to make this movie?.i have only one question about this movie. and that is, why in the world did they change so many things that were in the book? ..if you haven't read the book than you don't know what i'm talking about. but if you have, then you do...i can't even begin to explain how good of a movie this would've been if it had been adapted correctly. half the time while watching this, i felt as if i was watching teletubies or something, the colors were so bright...if this movie had been placed in the correct time period with correct costumes, locations, characters, and details from the story,then everyone would love it. not just 5 year olds. ..it makes me so angry when i watch this movie. yes, its funny and charming but it is so embarrassing. everytime i loan someone the book, i have to explain to them that it is nothing like the movie at all. in fact, it is a hundred times better. more even. ..i am really disappointed. i just don't get how gail carson levine would agree to all the changes that were made. if someone ever gets the courage to adapt the book into another movie, than i suggest they do it right. and if they do, then i'll be very thankful...i just don't get it. the book is soooooooooooooooooooooooooo much better. you wouldn't believe how much better it is. ..i am truely ashamed that this movie is even related in any way to the book. next time, please, please, do it right
burr did not answer straight.unfortunately i had already ordered these dvd's before i logged onto the bar method website, on the site there are news clips posted from old interviews etc. i read one interview where she was being interviewed at her studio and the reporter was being givin a lesson via a tv segment all about her method. when asked if this was all burr did to keep in shape, she replied " pretty much" sounded like a vague answer to me, the interviewer asked again later in the segment, so, this is all you need to stay in shape,, once again she answered pretty much, seems to me if you were excited to share your program and sell it, you would say,im in great shape and this is all i do! i have tired it once and you definately feel it the next day, so we will see. yvonne
blank dvd's.like another reviewer, my dvd's were blank--except for the producer's ads.. i'd really like to see the workouts, but do i risk getting another set of blanks, too
covers the very basics, feels incomplete.this dvd's 40-minute program covers the very basics of newborn care.  please note that the content is on caring for a newborn; if your baby is already a few weeks old, you most likely won't need this as you won't be able to learn anything new...the dvd is divided into over a dozen chapters.  each cheapter is very short, with a nurse (or is she a midwife?) demonstrating newborn care techniques, such as feeding, swadding, dressing, etc.  she never explains in detail some of the intricacies in caring for a baby.  for example, if a baby cries her heart out during diaper change, what should a parent do?..in the end, this title feels incomplete and unsatisfactory.  the "bonus" chapter on baby gear is a complete joke, with the model quickly running through a list of things while pointing her right hand at each in the same way.  really annoying...i would not recommend this video at all unless you are (like i was) completely clueless.  even then, you can find this at your local library or on netflix
not a first choice.i purchased "abc's of newborn baby care" and another video called "bringing baby home". the "abc's" video uses a baby who is not a newborn. the umbilical cord is healed and the baby is at least three weeks old. the video does go over basic care of how to hold, change, dress a baby, bottle cleaning and baths, but skips over the details i would have found useful. "bringing baby home" by the liandrea company is a much more complete video that uses actual newborns and parents (no actors)and covers a wider range of information. i do not recomment abc's of newborn baby care as anything but a suppliment to another video
are you serious?.i bought this dvd for my sister who is expecting.  i see that this dvd won awards but i don't know how.  this video is cheesy and hard to watch.  i would not recommend this video, it was not worth it
too basic even for a new mom.there are about 18 chapters of information on basic newborn baby care.  each chapter is covered in brief one to three minute sessions and there's no depth in the information.  each content just scratches the surface of newborn care without detail information.  if you've already read books or magazine articles on newborn baby care, this dvd is not worth the money.  if you have not ready anything about newborn care (books or magazine articles), maybe this dvd can get you started with basic information as a new mom.  i have found that some information differs with information found in newborn care books and magazines (and from prepared childbirth classes)
just one point of view.this review will probably not be received with equanimity by most americans....the movie by frontline focuses heavily on the fact that china is putting in a lot more goods thru walmart into usa at a much cheaper price than can be manufactured by american companies, and that thousands of jobs are being lost etc...all admirable points and no doubt true...before  we ask if "walmart is good for/to america" in isolation, in the much vaunted/desired "global" economy that has been vigorously pushed by the so called economically developed nations over the last century, shouldnt we ask "has america been good for/to the world 's economy" as a whole , in a global/trans national view? considering yourself as a "global" citizen rather than just an american...now all of a sudden, when the technological superiority has been evened out in consumer products, but the relative wealth level is still enormousl y lopsided, it is unfair for those countries to sell cheaper?..by that argument it would have been unfair to even colonize america from the point of view of the native indians, or unfair to sell arms for incredible amounts of raw materials/labour in extremely uneven exchanges over the past 60 years with all the 3rd world nations. global economics also has its cycle of evolutons, and i for one, am glad that extremely poor people for whom this is  is pretty much a survival issue are able to raise their living standard a little, as opposed to america, where the problem of the "poor" is..obesity. the real culprit here is the "corporation culture" that the "developed" countries have created, with th result that the top 1% of the population in the usa control 90% of the wealth. this would have been a better dvd if it had not played upon the fears of a public in inflaming the "chinese are taking our jobs" model and focused on corporate greed, of which walmart is only a single example in the usa..i found the dvd amusing
walmart propaganda.this movie was arranged by walmart to counter "the walmart movie, the high cost of low price" dvd by robert greenwald. buy it if you want, but when was last time you paid real money for a corporate info-mercial? you get that crap every day on tv for nothing
adam sandler pumps out another mediocre movie.the movie the longest yard staring burt reynolds is an absolute masterpiece, a movie that didn't need any remaking. this movie, the one starring adam sandler is a true shame to the original. the movie could have been made better with anyone but sandler at the helm. the inclusion of burt reynolds was a litter different, don't know if he should have even had a role in the remake, was good for him to score the touchdown. this movie did have some laughs but overall i don't think that i see myself ever watching the travesty that is the remake of the longest yard, i'm off to watch the original and remind my self as to how much this sandler garbage ruined it. ..brian bowe
meek machine.from the people who brought you "50 first dates" comes this synthetic remake of the 1974 burt reynolds-robert aldrich crowdpleaser. instead of a hard-edged prison population, we get caricatures and stereotypes. adam sandler is far more convincing as happy gilmore than paul "the wrecking" crewe. though a brilliant stand-up comedian, chris rock has yet to find his cinematic niche. the only bright spots are reynolds (in the michael conrad role) and courteney cox
not as good as the original!!.once again, hollywood runs out of ideas and remakes a movie that doesn't need to be remade.  even with more colorful characters, there really is no need for this!  save yourself time and watch the original
deal with it, he ripped off hicks.why do you think leary doesn't do live shows anymore?  hicks isn't around for him to steal material from!..and that is precisely what leary did.  he took bill's material, excised anything controversial and intelligent (as in all of bill's political work), added more profanity to attract the ignorant, and once again proved that the path to success in the entertainment industry is not achieved by providing meaningful material, rather it is done by appealing to the lowest common denominator
nothing but a magpie!.dennis leary is hailed as some great angry young man who is trying to bring the world to rights. personally i prefer bill hicks. at least when bill did it he was being original!!!!!!! dennis leary has in my opinion nicked bill hicks act in a similar way to how i feel about joss stone compared to proper soul artists. sitting in front of a few live videos of a great man and taking notes does not mean you will ever be one dennis!.definately a must have for anyone who enjoys covers bands...stick to the acting dennis
don't waste your money.this workout (or should i call it that) is composed of pieces of all different workouts put together.  there is no class, no instructor, forget about cueing, no rhythm - it's horrible.  the abs part is even worse.  a kindergartener can do it.  5 day abs?  yeah right.  i'm an advanced exerciser and this workout is a nightmare.  trust me - do not waste your money
no sir, idont like it.it goes way too fast////i do like the abs workout section but the aerobic section isnt good. i will never buy firm tapes agai
yawn.i was greatly disappointed in this dvd. here's why:..1. it's basically 60 minutes of warming up.2. the level 3 (advanced) is not that hard..3. the annoying "inhale, exhale" chant really makes it difficult to find my 'center.' i just wanted to tell her shut up.4. i didn't break a sweat once. .5. i used it twice and never plan to use it again. i mean, c'mon, i don't want to waste 1 hour of my day on something that won't get me results. ..i must say the only thing positive about this dvd is the landscape. ..in short, rent this from blockbuster or buy it used. don't waste any more than 5 bucks on this. it's not worth it.
time to change the litter box.in the 80's, after cats became the phenomenon it became, commercials for newly-opened broadway musicals would often feature an audience member enthusiastically exclaiming "it's better than cats!" just from watching these commercials, some of which where for stinkers like quilters, it would appear that anything was better than cats. this video proves those commercials right. anything is better than cats...what can one say about cats? tony kushner sums it up pretty well when he has a character in his opus angels in america proclaim faux-enthusiasticly that "it's about cats! singing, dancing cats!" that's pretty much all to it. sure, there's a shoestring plot (a tribe of cats have gathered together to decide which one of them gets to go to kitty heaven and get reincarnated. or something. and somehow it won the tony award for best book of a musical), but cats is one irrelevant song away from a musical review. about a dozen cats get a number about how special they are: this one is a magician, that one works on a train, another is some sort of master criminal. at random points, they stop to dance irrelevantly and, at one point, have what a friend referrs to as "a cat orgy".  taken at face value, such an evening couldn't be more than a train wreck.  but cats somehow draws you into it's world, for better or for worse. in the case of this video, however, it is definitely for worse...cats may prove magical in a live performance, but this video falls to capture even a shred of whatever attracts the audience to it onstage. the video direction and lighting reduces the magical junkyard set of john napier into a garish, tacky vegas spectacular (though some would claim that cats is little more than that to begin with) and the choreography of gillian lynne, highly praised in the original london and broadway mountings, seems amateurish and ugly onscreen. without the crucial distractions of good direction and beautiful sets, the glaring flaws  in andrew lloyd weber's score comes hurtling to the forefront of the conscious mind: repetitive, overblown and dull.  i'm not sure who's fault this is: the video director's, lynne's, or lloyd weber's, but it leaves a black hole in the center of the video...you can do nothing but pity the poor actors involved, some of whom are very good: michael gruber dances well, sings well and brings the right gravitas to the tribe leader munkustrap, jo gibb and drew varley are an engaging pair of cat burglars (get it?) and jacob brent has a fantastic dance turn as the magical mr. mistofelees. also deserving mention are the duo of aeva may and rosemarie ford, who sexily croon  "macavity", a jazz duet about a cat who is the "napoleon of crime", like nobody's business.  best of all are two older members of the cast: elaine paige as the tragic grizabella and sir john mills as gus the theater cat. the 90-year old mills charms everyone off the stage and sings (in a beautiful quivery tenor) with an earnestness that brings a tear to your eye, and paige, the originator of her part, belts out the one listenable song, the famous "memory" with aplomb. ..the third senior cast member, ken page as the patriarch deuteronomy, has little to do but sit and look magisterial, which he does well.  but on the other hand, john partridge shakes his tail as the rum tum tugger (an elvis spoof) without an inch of sex appeal, and susan mckenna is cloying and cutesy as the motherly gumby cat. few of the other felines make any impression. ..however fine cats  may be onstage (and even that is debatable), this video is a dismal failure, capturing none of the magic and all of the silliness of musical theatre. it's things like this that give musicals a bad name. if i were you, i'd pretend you are a mouse and run far, far, away from these cats.
this is horrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.i can't believe that people have the nerve to compare this to the oringal one with chris tucker or even the second. i watched this piece of unfunny white goofball movie and wanted to cry. i really peeved me off that people had the nerve to say it deserved better or claiming that people were only bashing it because it was a black film, but no it was horrible and seemed to need the touch of dj pooh and a return of chris tucker to make it funny. this is just a crappy movie that needed not to be made. sorry cube
great shows, horrible quality..i recently found this two-pack in a bargain bin for five bucks, being a lucy fan i snatched it up and brought it home. well all i can say is that i'm glad i only paid five bucks for it. on the up side the shows are highly entertaining and they highlight an era in television that rarely receives it's due, but on the down side the tranfer looks like it's been pooped on and at times all you see is a white screen with an outline of lucy. but the shows almost make this dvd a good value, bottom line! buy it for five bucks. any higher it's a bad value
one of the stupidest movies i've ever seen.adam sandler plays a painfully shy man who has extreme fits of violent anger and has to deal with 7 sisters constantly interferring with his life. he calls a phone sex line one evening and is then hounded by the man running the service. this takes place the same time he meets a woman who likes him despite his oddities...the sad thing is i think there is probably a sweet, poignant love story in this film but it's buried in a morass of pointless scenes and a discordant soundtrack that is sometimes so loud it nearly drowns out the dialog. there is no reason shown why emily watson would fall in love with sandler. it's really just one strange scene after another that in the end is dull and left me wishing i'd rented another movie.
my first movie review.this is the first movie review i have ever written.  i wish i could have been doing something more pleasurable than watching this epic...like poking myself in the eye with an ice pick or lighting myself on fire.  wait, it gets worse...i actually bought this piece of camel dung..  ..  i am going to loan it to a prick at work that i hate!  no, i'll give it to him and refuse to take it back...  hurry, go see it!
not an enjoyable movie expeirence.sorry folks but i found this movie excruciatingly painful to watch  extremely boring.
dear filmmaker, please treat me as an intelligent human being.if you're going to parody the countless number of straight teen comedies, at least make your movie funnier and smarter than they are. this movie is neither and doesn't credit its audience as having any intellect whatsoever. ..i have nothing against lowbrow comedy, but the jokes and gags here are just plain tired. is over-douching yourself to the point of constant crapping funny to anyone over the age of 12? jokes about gerbils and nambla - c'mon. i know i'll get hell for taking my gay self too seriously, but gerbil jokes and nambla being equated with being gay is offensive. maybe if their respective jokes were funny i'd feel differently, but they were anything but. just stupid. ..if there is a redeeming factor to this movie, it's the attractive actors, but that's really it.
yuck.i love and "get" john waters ("cry baby", "hairspray", "serial mom" etc)and i love the unique slightly larger than life elevated acting style he demands from his actors. but this one left me cold, uncomfartable and slightly nauseous. i didnt even finish watching it. i decided to rather take a dip in our local sewerage
no words to explain how bad this movie is.i gave it 1 star because there are no 0's. absolutely horrible. no story line, extremely bad acting. boring movie from start to finish. do not buy this movie. the dvd cover is very inviting, but there is no way i would even watch it on cable tv if i knew
absolutely awful!.enough already of this street-hustler, drug scene "coming of age" wannabes.  it has been done much better in "johns" and in showtime's "queer as folk."   brendan fehr's performance is an embarrassment.   cookie, who sends her brother out to get some sex, is beyond belief.  this movie has nothing to recommend it.  no stars is my rating.  but, thanks, amazon, for finding me a buyer of my dvd copy through my marketplace selling account
not all that great....in fact i found it to be pretty much easily summed up with one word-crap
forgettable  disappointing  dumb.young queer skyrocketing out of the closet develops an infatuation for a stupid loser/druggie/boy-whore, with predictable and stupid consequences. both boys receive serious rue from the clue canoe...sugar's not half as titillating or erotic as you might suppose based on their flesh comingling on the bed in the cover art. instead it's a journey through the dark, dank caves of el depresso...the boys are cute, and act competently; they might have been presented a better script, written by a sober writer. i don't want to see anymore movies about gays on drugs having lousy sex and sad lives.
feels more like broken glass."sugar" is an interesting name for this strange, awkward, ultimately disappointing film starring a couple exceptionally compelling leads.  while they carry the film over it's editing, direction, and story hurdles, they can't make up for its unevenness...plus the story is entirely too cliche, and i couldn't help thinking it was essentially the same story as "circuit," albeit in a different venue (except i enjoyed circuit.)  i couldn't get into this film...why not?  the story lurches around and you are left to wonder "why" and "how" altogether too much as things go from awkward to worse.  something in the description of this film claims it's funny.  i guess if you think drug addiction and prostitution and life on the streets are funny, then you will get a good laugh out of this.  i kept hoping that something would happen and my time investment on this film would be worthwhile.  not so much...i'd recommend "circuit" to anybody who might enjoy the falling-for-the-hustler and can-the-hustler-really-love story lines, and i'd leave this film on the shelf.  it's redeeeming qualities are few
it sucks, badly.really, the whole movie sucks.  let's start from the top, the plot.  now, as you probably know, the plot has nothing to do with the game, at all.  in fact, the only thing remotely close they have is the name, and the bfg.  the plot is genetic monsters take over some research facility and marines go in to save the day, you know the drill.  nothing horribly bad, except for it doesn't follow the game at all...however, this sad bunch of marines are the stupidest people on earth, and now mars.  really.  first, we have the kid, who is horrible at everything, he talks while he's supposed to be stealthy, he gets high on mission, etc.  yes, it's his mission, but i thought this was an elite military team, not some club that just anybody off the street can join without having any military training.  and portman, not only is a moron, but has a stupid grin on his face no matter what he's saying.  ..now, as for genres.  for a horror movie, it's not scary at all, not even a little suspense (though i kinda wanted the characters to die, so i guess that lost the suspense to me).  for an action movie, well, simply put, there's little to know action, until the very end.  and yes, there's a first person shooter sequence towards the end, but don;t be fooled, that is a gimmick and nothing more.  ..without spoiling anything,i'm just gonna say that the ending is incredibly generic...all in all, this movie is a waste of time and money.
don't shoot the screen, it's a movie!.well, this game... i mean, this movie is about... there are a group of... sorry. don't waste your time. nothing to see. even my boy, after seen the movie, decided to put the game on the shelf, without finishing it
worst video game movie.we rented this movie, knowing it wouldn't be an oscar winner or anything. i've seen some bad movies based on video games and comic books, but this took the cake. it was so lame! we thought it would at least be entertaining...no luck there. the best part about it was when it ended. what a relief!
my first review was too harsh (2.5 stars).when i first wrote a review for this movie i will confess that i was angry that it did not have any demons or evil monsters from hell, but upon further review i must take back my previous opinion, and say that though doom the movie does not carry the spirit of doom into it it is still a pretty good movie. i believe that if the movie had been more original then i would have liked it (except for the first person part of the movie wich is why the rating is not higher aside from not being original). overall as much as i hate to admit it this is a pretty good movie and worth watching (yes this is leaving a bad taste in my mouth) so go ahead and watch it it is by no standard the best video game based movie ever but decent overall.  .                             sorry about my first review
disappointing movie ... the game is much better.after playing doom 3 (the pc video game), i had high hopes for this movie. oh well. the movie was disappointing. were their monsters? yup. blood and guts? yup. swearing? yup. guns and special effects? yup. but after playing the pc video game, the movie lacked a lot on storyline. and it didn't make me jump as much as the game. the movie is dark, but that's okay, since it was patterned after the video game, which is also dark (although the game was much more "playable"...with darkness...than the movie was "watchable"). the game was scarier too. this says a lot about the game creators (very well done), and the movie directors (poor effort). i'm not sure why hollywood couldn't hack it. it might be okay as a rental (especially if you haven't played the game), but don't buy it. honestly, the movie turned-out to be just another alien movie.  however, the game tells a very different story..
here's the proper credit for doom.pathetic.  almost as bad as bloodrayne.  it would seem andrzej bartkowiak knew nothing of the game.  altough i did not go into this expecting it to be "spot on" with the story-line of the game, they could have at least tried to make the attempt.  the creators of doom the game deserved better than this movie
focus, please!!!.i haven't seen work of this quality since high school av class. friends of ram dass will skip this embarrassing mess like first period biology. too bad this story wasn't entrusted to a more competent documentarian.
how could you!!!.having followed the philosphy of ram dass since the late 70's, i can't begin to express my disappointment at the director's shabby work here. was this a hatchet job on dass or was the filmmaker really this out of touch with his teachings? either way it's a shame that this unfocused piece of rubbish actually made it to dvd distribution.
mickey lemie slips us a mickey finn.somebody put something in my drink, or was it this snooze-fest of a film. this guy directs like a dead-beat trying to avoid creditors. what a disgrace to ram dass's legacy. please avoid this film like the plague
lost opportunity.i would love to have seen this subject handled by a more insightful and skilled filmmaker. it's regrettable that this tedious mess will be part of ram dass's legacy.
1 dvd is not enough!.im a huge stone cold fan and i have got to say that i am horribly dissapointed. this disc does not contain any of the good stone cold matches...specificlly the matches during the austin/mcmahon/corporate ministry era. ..luckally, i rented this from blockbuster. the main story is good but the rest i have seen in other dvds. i was hoping for alot of matches. it would take atleast 4-6 dvd discs full of matches to really go deep into austin's history. but 1 disc is pathetic. i put shame on the wwe as they have no idea what fans want. ..this dvd was not even worth the rent. i am a horribly horribly dissapointed stone cold fan and wonder how the wwe could put out trash such as this. ..i hope the wwe releases a 3-6 dvd set on stone cold otherwise i hope the wwe goes out of business as they are a horrible wrestling company now a days ever since they lost competion (wcw and ecw) and have no motivation to become better
is your baby ready for a life of bad eating habits?.this dvd was a total disappointment.  first of all, this video was a rip off of baby genius series, but without the production value.  second, this video promises to introduce your child to fruits and vegetables and healthy eating habits.  to be fair, there are fruits and vegetables, but not so cleverly disguised in this video you will find dead and burned animals (grilled turkeys etc.) and rotten milk (in other term cheese), chicken period (eggs), ice cream ( i think it's a child abuse to feed your 6 month old ice cream!) and other non-fruit and non-vegetable foods.  this video shows a toddler chewing on a hunk of parmasan cheese that's bigger than baby's head!  i believe it is morally right to properly advertise your product and not misrepresent what your product has to offer, especially when it comes to offering children first look at health and nutrition.  i would not recommend this video for vegetarians, vegans, or other parents looking to teach their children proper health and eating habits.
a drama? a romantic comedy?.this was a black comedy that unfolded over the first 30 minutes of the film, revealing one surprise relationship after another, until you realize that all the major characters are related in surprising ways.  it's kind of strange, because this movie wasn't terribly complicated, but i'm still not sure what to make of it. .catherine o'hara has her two military helicopter-pilot sons scare her cheating husband, whose cheating on her with drew barrymore. the husband is successfully scared (to death) and drew barrymore is an earwitness through her headset at a burger joint.  i won't say "home fries" is a complete waste. i was somehow taken in enough to watch the entire movie. one shining light is luke wilson, who steals most of the scenes he has, and the crazy thing is that he's stealing them from actors like jake busey and catherine o'hara..it was the overall movie premise and plot lines that were average at best. after the first 30 minutes of the movie you could see the direction the film would take..overall, this movie didn't know which way it wanted to go. a comedy? a drama? a romantic comedy?  i'm still not sure
tired.neil peart is tired. he gave us great music and influential drumming for decades. this dvd is boring and looks more like what a kid does in his bedroom when he is just screwing around after school...peart deserves the credit he gets for performances on albums like hemispheres, permanent waves, moving pictures, exit stage left..., signals, grace under pressure, power windows and those tours. but in my personal opinion the man has nothing left in the tank...i have seen this solo done in various presentations since the hold your fire tour. nothing changes tour to tour with the exception of the same parts being rearranged...so if you want to spend an afternoon watching a guy warm up and going out of his way to do nothing then this is your dream package. if you want to be inspired by drummers who go out of their way to bring something exciting, new, fresh, and truly goes to the max with his playing...then i suggest you look elsewhere
completely obsolete as of 2005.this dvd was the first one released by michael buble, and i bought it in hopes of seeing some of his live performances.  there are segments of performances, but the editing and fast, wild cuts from one angle to the next to the next to the next really detract from the overall effect.  the performances get largely lost.  what remains is a lot of footage of michael and his original bandmembers drinking, clubbing, gambling, womanizing, and generally acting like rowdy frat boys...if you really want to be wowed and experience what a live buble concert is like, i highly recommend "caught in the act".  this dvd lives up to it's name as part of the pbs great performances series produced by david foster.  "caught in the act" is slick, glossy, flashy, enormously fun and absolutely true to the real experience.  i've seen buble perform live twice, and i can attest that "caught in the act" is just about as good as being there
never recieved the dvd.i never recieved the dvd i bought from you guys..im very dissapointed in amazon and the dealer i orderd this from..i have been waiting for months for this dvd that i already paid for..i had given up untill i got this e mail asking me for a review..so i want either my money back that i already paid ,or my product that i nevr recieved.i am very dissapointed in both .please either send me a refund ..or the dvd that i already paid for!!!.james young...xixorsone2000@yahoo.co
i didn't like it....for good or bad there are certain things one comes to expect when watching animes especially after watching them for many years. surely the avid anime enthusiast would like to see more and more serious anime films, but at the same time they'd like an anime feel to their films... what's most important though is whether or not the film is intriguing, creative, and powerful. this film fails short of all of those things and instead pretends to be something it isn't...this didn't have an anime feel... which wasn't really a problem for me - i've seen a number of anime movies which were serious, but this movie was - in my opinion - about as horrible as they come. ..trying to show itself off as a feel good anime film about christmas (how many damn christmas-happy movies do we have out there?), this anime follows the same premise as thousands of films before it and fails in the face of them. "a christmas story" and all of those films far surpass both the quality and thematic/story-delivery found within tokyo godfathers. ..are we supposed to like it because these themes are found within a japanese animation? i doubt anyone could really say that the visuals were great (they were not, but that's beside the point since visuals aren't all that matters), i doubt anyone can even say this film was really all that original (the only thing semi-original about it is the cast of "odd fellow" characters like the street bum with the heart of gold who wants nothing more than to have a child of her own... except she is a transvestite, really a man)... i feel really bad about posting this review considering so many people enjoyed it, but i can only guess that they haven't watched very many christmas movies in the past or that they have little to no capacity for judging films accurately...the director however is one of my favorite - i deeply enjoyed perfect blue and millennium actress is perhaps my favorite anime movie ever made - after watching this movie though i'm kind of disappointed that fans of decided to "cling" onto this movie and call it a classic when in reality it mimics half a dozen non-animated titles and brings nothing new or intriguing to the table. ..furuya was successful in taking a bland film, creating such a big hype over it by attaching his renowned name to it and putting a child in it and some heart breaking tales already told time and again. the audience bought it up... too bad. you don't need to feel ashamed to say it really isn't as special as it tries to present itself as. ..oh well, perhaps you really need to be a hardcore sentimentalist to like this film. here is the film's ultra-negative review by an informed reviewer... i sincerely hope people take my words into consideration not merely rate this as "unhelpful" because they disagree with it (then again, that's the style on amazon these days isn't it?)
terrible.this movie was a complete letdown. they tried to cross cujo with the terminator. interesting concept, but the script completely lacks any real oomph. awful film. lance henriksen deserved better
tisk tisk tisk.i am truly shocked that there are people out there that thought this movie good, and for saying it could be a reality? i mean the plot of this movie is sooooooooo pathetic it was almost enjoyable to watch. but the dog jumping the police cars, and climbing trees, swallowing a cat whole, and turning colors so well that it became invisible, were pathetic. this movie would be enjoyable to those who like really bad horror/sci-fi films. i would only recommend it to watch so you could see how stupid it is
hollywood trash at animal's expense.this film just goes to show that when hollywood wants to make money they turn everyone into a tramp. this happened to all involved in "friend" (hardly an appropriate title). i only hope the aspca stepped in sometime and sued because of animal cruelty and the film's promoting of the perpetuation of cruelty to animals. and i hope writer/director john lafia is real proud of himself.  he just sent the need for and recognition of animal rights back to the stone age. only redeming factor was lance henriksen's work. he did the best with what he had to work with as usual
defective merchandise.i received the dvd and it skips, i was very dissatisfied.  i would have returned it , but since i have never had a problem before, i had thrown the receipt away.  patrice trace
the usual suspects.opened the sealed dvd case and get shorty was inside and not the usual suspects.   i sent it back requesting a replacement and did not get a replacement.  i got a credit, i think.  not sure.  i would rather just have the correct movie
boring, uninspired and unbelievable.mel gibson, without question, is a talented actor, and he's especially well-suited to action films.  but conspiracy theory isn't one of his better films.  despite the "star power" (mel, julia roberts, patrick stewart), the movie goes nowhere.  ct is like an x-files episode -- though less interesting -- with a lot of action...gibson's character, jerry fletcher, acts like a paranoid-schizophrenic throughout the first half of the movie.  of course he is proved correct, but that makes his odd mannerisms, rantings, mumblings, bug-eyed expressions, etc. all the more puzzling.  only a rational person could have put together all these puzzle pieces, but he doesn't seem rational at all.  if you met jerry fletcher on the street you'd think he was seriously mentally ill.  the writers or director fell into the trap of trying to play fletcher off as a crazy person so as to give the story a twist when he is later vindicated.  this "twist" doesn't really  work.  ..it's more than just mel's character.  the whole movie lacks any sort of credibility.  movies about shadowy government or quasi-government agencies and operatives either work well or fail miserably.  it's a hard formula to get right.  unfortunately, ct doesn't get the formula right at all...movies are about entertainment and sometimes to be entertained one has to suspend his knowledge about the way things really are to enjoy the fantasy world the story creates.  a good movie makes that easy for you: the fantasy appears at least somewhat plausible.  conspiracy theory isn't one of those "good movies".  the story -- its content and the way it's played out -- is utterly ridiculous.  ..it has some suspenseful moments, but you can get that from just about any hollywood action film.  ct is all action and no substance
poor video quality.i absolutely love the avonlea series that was on the disney channel.  i was very excited to learn that disney was releasing the series in a complete season format.  although the package does not indicate that it is closed captioned it is.  that was a must for me as i am deaf.  unfortunately, the video quality is very poor and a lot of editing was done in most of the episodes.  i would consider purchasing from sullivan entertainment, but their discs do not have closed captioning or even subtitles.  if you don't mind the editing, poor video quality or the sometimes out of sync audio, then you would like it very much
nope.i was not into this movie at all.  my mother recommended it to me but it was lame all the way through.  a middle-aged man decides he wants to do something different with his life, so he takes a dance class.  ofcourse there's a fine dance instructor, a crush is pursued, a wife gets jealous, hires a detective, and *gasp* his crush is found out.  the movie was too predictable and it just wasn't for me.  not a bad movie, just not my cup of tea.  richard gere was cute as usual, which was the only thing that made me watch it to the end, besides wanting to know what a correct quick step looked like since "so you think you can dance" never had contestants who mastered it
they have certainly got some explaining to do.parents and children who loved the other leap frog dvds about letters, words and reading will find this one disappointing. ..advertised as beginning math, this one is mixed up in its focus, spending quite a bit of time on recognizing the numbers from 0 to 10 (especially zero) and relating them to #8220;quidgets#8221;, then quickly jumping to addition and subtraction without sufficient explanation or introduction of the concepts.  starting with simple counting, by the end of the 35 minutes, they#8217;re showing us ten times tables up to one hundred...very young children will probably like the repetitive cowboy #8220;numbers#8221; song, and may even stick around for the #8220;circus#8221; acts and accompanying slapstick routines, but the concepts advance too quickly for this age group.  kids who already know their numbers won#8217;t learn anything new from the beginning of the presentation, but then again, they probably won#8217;t learn anything from the rest of it either...clearly one should not expect kids to learn math in 35 minutes, which makes you wonder what they were thinking when they made this one.  a more sensible approach would be to have different dvds for each level, as they did in the reading series, so that they could spend more time going into the nitty-gritty, and making it fun...this one is a rush job, and was not properly thought out for the intended audience.  definitely not a tool you should count on to introduce your kids to math.....amanda richards, may 4, 2006
cheap sopranos rip off falls way short.i like gangster movies and am from philly so i gave this movie a chance. what a mistake. the creators painstakingly tried to rip off the sopranos but wound up with a very weak imitation...it starts with the horrible theme song. it's obviously trying to sound similar to the a3 song that serves as the sopranos theme, but is chock full of horrible lyrics and sounds like someone threw a casio keyboard down the stairs and recorded it...the cast is filled mediocre actors, trying in vain to save a stupid script. one funny thing is that everyone in the film has a different accent, and with the exception of one guy, no one can do a south philly accent...sal mazzotta is trying real hard to be james gandolfini as tony soprano, but i'm sorry... he may be a nice guy in real life, but the guy couldn't act scared in a graveyard at midnight. and come on; this guy as a gangster? maybe as lurch in the adams family...this movie is also plauged by choppy editing and poor camera work. i mean in a few scenes the camera is actually going in and out of focus while people are talking. don't they teach that in film school? and usually when two people are talking their heads will be turned to one angle for the wide two person shot, and at completely different angles for close ups, like maybe the close up stuff was done much later.  ..save your money. wish i could get mine back. it's been a long time since i saw a movie so bad i felt angry and ripped off for having seen it.
beware of dvds formatted for other countries at low prices.i bought three dvds(the wood was one of them)and the dvds were in european codes which means they won't play in the united states unless you own a "special" dvd player.  i'm very unhappy with my purchase.  my recommendation to you is that you read every single piece of information before you purchase movies that were formatted for another country.  this is the catch when you buy movies at cheaper prices
please enter a title for your review.i liked unscripted so i figured i could trust the previous work of the same creative team to be as good, but that turns out to have been a bad call. first episode was incomprehensibly dull. it didn't seem to be about anything, just a lot of dull, inane semi-comprehensible banter and forced laughing. it's behind the scenes political stuff, but only stuff that's so minor and inane that i can't imagine anyone actually caring about it or finding it interesting. i figured the whole series would follow suit, and be about the lead up to the 2004 election, so i was pleasantly surprised when the focus ended up being on other aspects of what the pr company does, and the next couple episodes were actually about something. those things being the mp3 sharing copyright infringement issue, and whether the pr company should represent a saudi arabian organization. episodes two and three stand out from the rest as being pretty interesting. after that it gets a bit convoluted again. a lot of the show is edited so you don't know what's happening while you're watching it, and you get to piece it together later to some extent when a later scene gives it context, but about a quarter, maybe a third of the content, never slots into place. the last episode is almost the most random of the bunch, giving very little closure to the fractured plotlines that had been building up until that point. the show, i guess, is very experimental, the experiment being how little can you show and how non-linear can your editing be while still conveying a comprehensible narrative, and in my opinion the result of the experiment is you can't push it as far as this show did. when half the scenes leave you asking "what was that about?" and trying to examine the details of what was said to work out which part was pertinent, that's more work than watching a tv program should be. i feel like trying to find some entertainment value in any episodes other than two and three was a waste of my time.
stretched thin.i hadn't heard much about this film before buying it, slightly varying reviews, but that was about it. i thought being almost entirely set on a plane, it might be claustrophobic and it was very!..i'm surprised at jodie foster taking on this kind of role, but i have to admit she did well in the role, although she didn't have to stretch herself too far for the role. it was very basic. ..the thing about flightplan is that although the cast are good (sean bean, peter saarsgaard, and erika christensen), the plot really isn't up to much. a child could have dreamt up this plot, it's very basic, and it could have been set on nearly any form of transport, and it still would have been the same. it's just cos it's in the air, that it makes it what it is. but it's very racist at the same time, as jodie's characters "thinks" she saw two foreign men across the road from her the night before getting on the plane, and then she "thinks" on the plane they're there, and they kidnapped her daughter. this plotline is started, but never really completed, and it's just another plotline in a dizzying number of them. the actors try to do their best in a film that has so many twists and turns, you never know what's going to happen next. but flightplan goes one twist too many, and by the end of the film, you don't really care what happens, you just want it over. and there are quite a few plotholes as well, but it doesn't really matter...jodie should never have agreed to do this script. and neither should sean bean. the other two could have taken it or left it. really, it will make you feel claustrophobic, if you do get claustrophobic on planes, but otherwise, it's not really worth seeing
only one reason to watch this film.......and it's staring at you on the video cover.  it's more proof of jodie foster's brilliance that she manages to make you care about this character, when absurdity abounds in every scene.  no joke -- watch this with a 6-year old, and have him/her point out all the things in it that don't make sense.  it's a fun game that the whole family can enjoy.  watch it anyway, because foster is always worth it.  but please, hollywood, let's find this woman some projects that deserve her
reiner's bomb.this is supposed to be a black comedy.  in fact, it is an ineptly directed, unfunny, obscene mess.  it features filthy language, the required men's bathroom scene, rape, racism, hatred of america, and ridicule of the mentally ill.  attention all altzheimer's patients, reiner thinks you're hilarious...watch harold and maude or, even better, little murders if you want to see black comedy.  this bomb is best forgotten.  i'm not selling my dvd copy, i'm throwing it away
campy in the country.like a drag queen,this movie is melodramatic,wears too much make-upis over-the-top.watching this movie before going to work at 4 in the morning,i found this a hoot.(if this movie were in theaters,people would be in tears---from laughing so hard!!)..one of the gems is when dolly's controlling boyfriend drawls,"a man is supposed to go after the younger ones,not the woooman!" put on a fake texas accentit works...there's the sappy sequence in which dolly meets with her mother,looks at photographs of herself,then gets a heart-to-heart with her pastor.awwwwww...did thomas kinkade ever get directing credits?..of course,one must suspend disbelief when the handsome young guitarist falls for dolly.for someone somewhere,they're an archetypal couple.i haven't found that someone.the movie has a hilarious love triange,enough melodrama for 10 lifetime films--and songs to tie in with the plot,no less!it's country-fried soap opera!come 'an get it
more music, less talk..i didn't see the vh1 show, or i might have been more prepared for what i was buying.  saw the duration of the dvd and figured the listed songs must be extended versions.  ..so i put in the dvd and sat back, planning to enjoy an evening of great music.  but then bruce began to talk...and talk...and then he talked some more.  yes, he talked about the songs and the story they told.  he talked about his philosphy of life that was inherent in those songs and the stories they told.  had i not been expecting and looking forward to hearing him sing songs, perhaps i would have been more interested in his outlook on life.  but frankly if i want philosophy i don't go to bruce springsteen.    i go to tom cruise.
wait!.by all means, do as others here have suggested.  wait until the criterion collection version coming january 10, 2006.  for the hard-of-hearing:  wait for the criterion collection version!..thanks for listening
good news: criterion is coming to the rescue.i ordered this mei ah edition and regretted it after the first five minutes of watching. the visual quality is average, but, as anaguma reports below, the english subtitles are execrable, which is a grating distraction. the good news is that criterion will be issuing a new edition in january 2006; if past performance is any indication, it should be excellent
the worst subtitles awards goes to....i can't believe the other reviewers were reviewing the same dvd.  this is a great movie, don't get me wrong.  it's kurasawa, after all. my one star is for the people at mei ah who put out this dvd.   whoever did the subtitle translation did not speak english well enough to graduate from a level one esl class.  the subtitles are truly terrible, sometimes bizarre, and i thought at times i was dreaming i was watching a monty python skit.  alas, i was not; this was for real.  such a shame
didn't care for it.got to the 11th chapter before giving up on this confederacy apologist film.  sorry, but don't see slaveholders in a good light.  as a black female, i will always root for the "federals".  it took another 100 plus years for freedom for blacks in the south after the end of the civil war, so i don't really see the need for movies that show the "humanity" of southerners who fought tooth and nail for breaking up this nation so they could continue slavery...anyway, this is not a movie for progressive minded folks.  i'm sure there are movies such as glory, which are not on the wrong side of history...nuff said
you already know.as soon as i realized who was in this film, i knew how it was going to go. its pierce brosnan . playing james bond with another name. in this movie he's a rich guy {thief} with a thing for art. of course, he kept all of his uncanny charm from his bond roles.  if you wanna see brosnan {effortlessly} make fools of everyone {like he does in every movie he plays in} then this is for you. personally i find it hard to care about a character that never has it rough.
show started out mediocre, and got worse fast..at first the show had some merit, because the character of valerie was sympathetic. as things progressed, she became less likeable, and the show's writers seemed to get desperate. it was like a bad accident: hard to stop watching, but left a bad feeling
nothing here for adults.the best animated comedies are funny on two levels;  funny on the surface, for children, and funny at a deeper layer, for adults. "shrek", for example,  was hilarious on both levels; fully for the littles, and hilarious even for us grownups. ..alas, "robots" has nothing for anyone over the age of, oh, eight. (not having a young child handy, mine being away at college, i am unable to say how funny it might be for the littles.) ..do not purchase this video expecting to be entertained yourself;  if you must, purchase this video and a book.  your child can watch the movie, and you can read.
robots - very rusty and out of date.this was a film i was anticipating becuase of the actors doing the voice over and the special effects.  as far as animated features go this was the biggest dissappointment.  the acting was good but robin williams did not receive as much screen time as ewen mcgreagor which meant it wasant as funny as it could have been.  but the major problem was the story.  yes, it did have a good moral but the rest of the films story was weak, boring at times and just silly.  i would recommend ice age or garfiled: the movie rather than this film
is ''cringe-worthy'' a word?.i'm surprised by all the praise this movie gets here at amazon and beyond. there really wasn't much here i liked. the soundtrack was the usual "pap" you'd expect from a family friendly movie, though the sets were nice. it seems this movie was just miscast. mel just doesn't do comedy all that well, at least for a lead role. jame garner, the reason i bought this seems more like a bystander. and jodie is jodie and i never bought for a moment she was her character. ..although the cast is a powerhouse (on paper), sadly the chemistry never really works and the jokes are just cornball. an example: there was a sequence when bret asks his friends (who are standing behind him) to whistle to reveal themselves to some bandits he was confronting; which as it turns out they are unable to do. instead jodie and james, blow madly, just like the movie...this movie reminds me a hell of a lot like ''the three amigo's''; on paper you would think it couldn't miss, but on film it's painful to watch
ruined by its own precocity.set in 1986, ballad tells the tale of an ailing wealthy counterculture environmentalist (jack) and his teenage daughter (rose) living on an abandoned commune. years ago it was prospering but all the members have left, including jack's wife, and only jack and rose remained. they spend their days in quiet contentment, gardening, farming --and launching two-man guerilla attacks on a housing development on the other side of the island. ..living in near isolation, jack and rose develop an incredibly close bond, one that threatens to become incestuous. terrified of this development, jack asks his secret mainland girlfriend and her two teenage sons to live with them. the new 'guests' are an unwelcome development to rose's life. she's incredibly possessive of her father and in retaliation for this intrusion, she tries to seduce the two boys and kill kathleen (the girlfriend). jack is at wit's end eventually, things cannot go on as they were nor can they continue to coexist in the new situation. he has two choices neither of which are idyll...this is where the movie goes awry. the movie keeps everything to a very natural level, no overwrought music, and overreactions. this works for most of the movie yet these events are too alarming for the characters to ignore. after rose tries to shoot kathleen, all the characters choose to ignore rose's unhealthy jealousy. they blame her behavior as wild child-ism, the result of being isolated from society for too long. and while this is the case, it is also annoying. the rose character is too much of a petulant child instead of a wild child. as her acts became increaingly dangerous, the more i wanted someone to finally tell her enough is enough. the character of jack is equally unlikable. he chooses to ignore his daughter's unhealthy attachment and when he does fully accept it, he continues to encourage it. this may be a fully organic development of the characters and their relationship, but that doesn't mean it's entertaining. despite the controversial relationship, the movie vacillates between smug and boring. ..the performances are good, my favorite are those of paul dano, ryan macdonald, and catherine keener as the girlfriend and her two sons, there's a naturalness to their acting that is oddly lacking in the depictions of jack and rose. perhaps that is intentional. jack and rose are not as much real people as they are idealized environmentalist versions of a fairytale king and his daughter, living in grand isolation until the advent of the evil stepmother, kathleen. only in this case the stepmother isn't evil and the new family is more entertaining then the main characters...there is an extraneous subplot with beau bridges as a housing developer that serves as metaphorical commentary on jack and rose's reltionship, but like the rest of the movie it's too smug to be meaningful.
a rough first draft?.the film starts out very promising, an idyllic and relaxing flow through nature and natural housing that is habited by one ex-commune member jack and his daugther rose, alone in a world left with all the time to work and play and look at clouds in the sky.  unfortunately, jack is having heart difficulties, and worried by rose's promise to die with him, he invites his girlfriend's family over to take care of them.  too bad his experiment in raising a completely innocent girl made her too innocent, because now the arriving family is a threat to everyone's sanity...there's quite a lot going on in this film as far as characters are concerned.  jack, the person always trying to control everything around him so that it can all live harmoniously together, has much more going on with his character than he realizes.  rose is blindly in love with her father, even incestuously.  kathleen, jack's girlfriend, is a "normal person", but she carries a severe savior complex.  her two sons suffer from being an overweight, maybe gay hair stylist and a demented, forceful counter-culturist.  every character in the film is painted distinctly and forceably, creating drama and character development that goes into depths that it almost doesn't even have to...in fact, this movie plays a lot like a first draft.  the characters and story are realized well enough, but the writer/director rebecca miller never really takes them out of her head enough for anyone else to really share their experiences with them.  the story itself follows a certain arch, with all the necessary continuances of beginning, middle, end, climax and endouement, character development and motivation, but by the end of the film it's quite clear that miller doesn't actually know what the story is. ..there would be a lot of symbolism, mostly americana.  the fact of the matter is that every character quite easily represents a side of america, an aspect that each holds dear and maintains even when falling into conflict with another aspect.  yet the overall thesis of the work is entirely lost.  it was starting to grasp its message at the end, but then lost it in the epilogue.  this is a story about a bunch of characters.  that do stuff.  ..whatever the movie did have in terms of storytelling, however, was lost completely in the direction.  while the photography was pretty good and definitely gave enough lovely imagery to look at, the camera itself never seemed to be put in the right place.  ninety percent of this movie is in close-up, for no other reason than that it seems miller didn't figure there was anything else to focus on.  editing and action is cut fast and frantically in an effort to hide the fact that the shot itself isn't really that important.  in all reasonableness, this work doesn't want to be a movie...what it does have, and what is basically the only thing one can fall back on, is superb performances.  being that the characters are instrumental and that the performers are very good, the overall grace of the drama is what sustains one's attention enough to sometimes even forget that they're watching something not completely developed yet.  in the end, this is a performance piece, not a film, and makes a good rough draft to a work that may someday be fully developed...(...
full screen???.what is the matter with fox, give us a widescreen.release. wake up, this is 2006. w i d e s c r e e n.is what we want
not short enough.based on my back-of-the-envelope calculations, this has 37 more short films about glenn gould than i'm willing to watch
mostly uneventful and somewhat pretentious.i like glenn gould.  i didn't care for this movie however..1)  the actor does not look like glenn at all in my opinion, which i find distracting..2)  its very disjointed, and a lot of the components offer very little insight about glenn or his life.  one scene was glenn simply going into a restaurant and listening to other people's conversations.  big deal, this is not interesting.  i know this was supposed to offer a subtle insight into his personality, but it's boring and it comes across as pretentious filmmaking.  another example; glenn is listening to a record with a cleaning lady.  thats it. why is this interesting?  someone could film my uncle in wal mart, but would you care?  hey, look...my uncle carl is buying batteries.  now he is putting his change in his pocket.   how utterly profound......in my opinion, you will learn and understand more about glenn gould by listening to his music than watching this lackluster, uneventful movie
extreme disappointment as with "burn!" dvd release.[star rating above is for dvd only (gave them an extra * just for releasing the title); movie itself = *****] i've waited 7 years for this sidney lumet masterpiece to appear on dvd. the transfer here is non-anamorphic, non-progressive 1.66:1. cruddy. 12 total chapter stops for a 2-hour film...my review of the new "burn!" dvd asks consumers to please send sony/columbia/tristar/mgm a clear message by not purchasing that disc. in this case - as we've all waited so long just to have a widescreen transfer of "tfk" appear on disc - it's up to you. with the advent of the year 2006 i'll be seeking a special edition of "the fugitive kind" (and other mia lumet gems such as "the hill", "the offence", "the anderson tapes" ...) for dvd release by a studio which treats classic films with the respect, archival care, detail attention and extras they deserve
shame on the band for putting this out.undoubtedly the worst 'best of' dvd ever made, even if someone gives this dvd as a gift you should punch that person in the face...after watching this dvd i felt like burning down the company that made this dvd . if you want to play a practical joke on someone then might as well give this dvd to him as a gift. ..there might be emotional reasons why there were some positive reviews of this horror, but it can't be for the actual dvd. there aren't words to describe how bad it looks and sounds. shame on the band for putting this out. obviously all them cares about is getting the money and run with a 'best of' on dvd.  ..this item should be removed from the shelves for poor quality in picture. my taped videos on vhs from mtv and vh1 sound and look better than these ones, really. this essay in amatuerism may have some interest. ..for worse, is unforgivable is not including the whole video stuff from 90's to 2000. 'love is blindness', 'walk on', 'elevation' and several alternative videos were edited out. didn't they have another filmed version of 'gone'?. mexico city 1997 was just a below average performance. shame on u2 for keep going with 'gone' from that bad shaped bono's rough night. i still dont understand why we must to keep watching the same footage for a particular song. im talking about 'until the end of the world'. in case you dont know, theres an actual video clip from that song. rather, they just put the well known sidney 1993 version here...rumors say they're going to release a dvd boxset by late this year. i really don't want 'remastered' versions of shows we've been watching for even 22 years. rather, i'm fond of watching previously unreleased footage. ..just in case, here's a list of several unreleased pro-shot filmed concerts from early 80's to pop mart tour (i didn't include elevation because there're 2 dvd's out there from the same tour). cheers ..1- belfast 23-01-1981 (awesome concert!) .2- berlin 04-11-1981 (great goncert) .3- new york 22-11-1981 (good concert) .4- hattem 14-05-1982 (awesome concert!) .5- roskilde 02-07-1982 (awesome concert!) .6- devore 03-05-1983 (great concert) .7- st. goarshausen 20-08-1983 (awesome concert!) .8- dortmund 21-11-1984 (awesome concert!) .9- montreal 27-03-1985 (great concert) .10-los angeles 18-11-1987 (awesome concert!) .11-dublin 31-12-1989 (awesome concert!) .12-stockholm 11-06-1992 (awesome concert!) .13-washington 16-08-1992 (great concert) .14-anaheim 14-11-1992 (awesome concert!) .15-dublin 28-08-1993 (awesome concert!) .16-adelaide 16-11-1993 (great concert) .17-rotterdam 18-07-1997 (awesome concert!) .18-sao baulo 31-01-1998 (great concert) .19-santiago 11-02-1998 (awesome concert!) ..what the hell are u2 waiting for?
as awful as it possibly might be.and this is from someone who thinks that u2 music and lyrics are in the top echelon of rock music accomplishments, next to those of led zeppelin, bob dylan, pink floyd, nirvana. let me be frank here: these videos, with the exception of wim's spot and the footage from the 1992 gig, are an evidence of total lack of creativity and spirit. period
blade trilogy ending deserves better than this !!.this movie smacks of sub-par quality. unlike its two predecessors which are far superior, blade iii is plagued with a poor script, an unqualified director (sorry, david goyer is no director), and a storyline that sputters in closing out what would have been one of the best comicbook-to-film trilogies in the marketplace. think godfather iii in the godfather series and you'll know why to bypass this awful film. this movie simply lacks the raw emotional and psychological underpinnings that established and refined the blade character in the first two films. without these attributes, the follow-on action and violence in the film (an artistic staple in the blade franchise) even lacks the heart-stopping emotional quality you'd expect. what you get is a convoluted story with no momentum and characters (including snipes's blade) who are all dressed up with no where to go. rated or unrated, avoid this dvd at all cost. it isn't worth the money or the effort.
has it's strengths but....my major gripe about this film comes down to the issue of easily exploitable weaknesses on the part of the vampires. these extremely frail villains get reduced to ash with the flash of a u-v lamp, vaporized with the slightest touch of silver on their skin, and melted down in less than a second by the light of the sun. vampires are supposed to be scary, but how frightened of them should i be if one can be taken out by throwing a clove of garlic at him. writers for future vampire movies should work on making these creatures of the night a bit more formidable. the first underworld movie would be a good model.
not a comedy.i found this movie funny in all the wrong places.  it seemed so to me this movie was atrocious. it wasn't particularly funny in any spots, maybe a dry or dark humor. for me the movie was terrible in the acting of the "young girl". the actress playing the part i'm sure is a good actress, but the part she had to play seemed lacking to say the least.  after the movie started i had to grab the box cover and check to see if she was playing a mentally retarded person.  i am not here to offend mentally retarded people at all.  finding out that she wasn't supposed to be mentally retarded i spent the rest of the movie wanting to reach into the television and either shake her or slap her for acting so stupid and clueless.  spoiler alert coming up!!!  beware!!!.spoiler spoiler spoiler****** the funniest part of the movie was when the alan rickman character `fell to his death'.  the entire time he was running on the dock i kept yelling at the television that he needed to be wearing deck shoes or he was going to fall, alas, he did and i laughed and for the next 30 or so minutes i kept chuckling about that scene.  maybe in the end it really was a comedy? .     i took my copy of this movie and sold it to a used book store for a dollar.
warning: not a comedy.i watched this movie on bravo one time, and they were plugging it as a comedy. unless you have a screwed up sense of humor, this moive is far from that. it's very tragic, but then again, perhaps i'm just over-sensitive and gullable. i feel that i was mislead and i hate this film and will never watch it again.
corny, predictable, contrived, and deceptive (in portraying new york.) i love it!.first, let me say that by quality film standards this is a terrible movie, in many respects. i live to walk on videos of this type with football cleats. but, this movie falls into the "i hated this movie so much, i couldn't help but watch it whenever it was on" category. and now i love it. i don't know what it is about this movie. i tried to put my finger on it many times. i always have and always will hate "sleepless in seattle," which is a totally contrived load of crap. but "you've got mail" has an undefinable charm to it that forces you to look past it's simplified portrayal of a happy go lucky, skip around the neighborhoods of new york atmosphere. it makes you question why you buy into such sappy dialogue and situations. it's not just because of the meg ryan and tom hanks chemistry, because i hated the despicable "sleepless in seattle" and always thought the entire premis of "joe versus the volcanoe" was a joke. but in this movie, contrived as it may be, that interplay between the two works. though their acting is also hammy at best, i also love the contributions of greg kinnear, parker posey, stephen zahn and jean stapleton. this is one of my guiltiest pleasures. i'll only watch it with the remote on toggle to some type of sports programming in case my friends walk in on me while i'm watching it so i can jump inmmediately to the "binford lumberjack finals," or something like that. but were they to walk in at the end of this movie and find me glossy eyed with a lump in my throat, i'd never hear the end of it. i love this movie. there! i admit it.
a little scary.ballroom and latin dance has come a long way.  even though many of the dancers on the dvd are still at the top ranks of the pro circuit, this is not a great showcase. this is nice to watch in order to compare to the styles and skill of today, but not the kind of video you will watch over and over.  the only truly spectacular dancing is that of marcus and karen hilton (standard only).  they were then, and are now quite amazing.  for those of us in canada, alain doucet and anik jolicouer are on this tape, briefly, in the standard final
really really bad.this movie is so bad. it is just about a annoying valley girl blonde who is rich and has tons of friends and who has no real problems. the only people who like this movie are the ones who wished they were the main character, a pea brained airheaded ditz who has no redeeming qualities. the movie tries hard to invent new "teen speak" with tons of lame catch phrases that unfortunately caught on with some unpopular kids who liked the movie so much, they tried to sound like the shallow empty headed spoiled main characters even though most of the movie's fans live the life nowhere close to cher's and look nothing like her but they want to pretend. the movie hits you with these lame catch phrases every 15 seconds, desprate to beat you over the head with them. in the movie, the main character, cher thinks she is too good for the boys in her high school but then she ends up with someone who is pratically a relative to her. nasty! she is really arrogant for someone whose realtionship should be jerry springer. she's supposed to be a posh valley girl but at the end, she's like ella may clampet going after jethro when all her resources for finding a man runs out.
shoot me ... shoot me now.this was arguably the longest 2 hours i have spent in my entire life ... it felt like much more ... i found myself more than a little angry with the overkill leadup to what could have been a compelling story.  the punch line took way too long to get to ... and when it came, it just wasn't enough to convince me it was worth the wait.  with each pregnant pause between dialogue (and guitar strings), i was sure i'd be getting up to leave ... i suspect the invested time (hours and hours it seemed) precluded me from doing so.  i wanted that punch line ... then, finally, it came ... and it went.  ..this one had a ton of potential but it just didn't work for me
paris, texas.this was an unusual story, unraveling as it progresses and memory returns, feelings surface, and it builds up to an ending that i am still not sure i care for
hollywood wins again (and we get stiffed!!).gene hackman is jedidiah tucker ward, an aging yet tireless litigant for the public good, enemy of evil corporate type and the bane of overpaid attorneys everywhere.  on the other side of this gap of good and evil is maggie ward, jed's headstrong daughter.  between them is a products liability lawsuit involving car lights that kill people.  the premise suggests the ending - jed will win the day, but not before his daughter has been transformed into a noble attorney.  jed will fight the good fight (which will require supreme grandstanding) while maggie learns just how amoral her side really is...what robs this courtroom thriller is what's missing in virtually every courtroom thriller - a case that could go either way, an actual case in controversy.  maybe because of the amount of preemptive litigation required just to produce a major motion picture, hollywood is simply too beholden to lawyers to make a truly biting film about them.  instead of a compelling case, we have one that's ready for our verdict as soon as we've seen the suits worn by either side or their offices.  the case in "class action" is one you can typify as "david  goliath", which is to say that the end has been fated to be won by the little guy by a higher power.  there's no way that we're going to see a case won (even by dishonest means) by donald moffat's hired band of harvard-trained professional liars, and there's no way anybody in the audience is going to buy their arguments.  maggie's bosses are so transparently bad, that not only do they screw up, but even their explanations are patently evil  even so, the film stacks the deck against them by cynically attributing to them as evil what are basic facts of life for lawsuits of this kind - namely that products liability plaintiffs will make overbroad requests for discovery, and defendants respond in kind by deluging the other side with documents responsive to the request but otherwise valueless.  for a thriller about high-paid lawyers, "class action" has all the legal acumen of high-school mock-trial, with fewer suprises
pan-rated. television movie of the week..there is an old saying, if you have nothing nice to say, say nothing at all. but i feel compelled to critique this film, partly because i really liked what i think it was trying to say... follow your heart, not what's necessarily popular, follow a bohemian lifestyle if that what makes you happy. o.k. .this film instead comes across as one produced by a major corporation to get us all thinking about heading back home to the suburbs. because really what it's saying is even if you have all the idealism in the world, it will only land you in a ghost of a town like woodstock, n.y., full of self doubt, and hypocritical trappings...first of all the acting was not bad, i have no issues with the acting. in fact along with the other fine actors in this film, colin farrell should be angry. their true abilities in developing characterization seem to be written, directed, and edited right out of this film. there is little or no subjective viewpoint from these characters lives. the viewer is left on the outside looking in, wondering where these characters are coming from, or what they are motivated by. this film forces us to assume everything in order to believe anything, without dramatizing or exemplifying why these characters feel the way they do. the effect is clear, as the screen-writer and director have apparently anesthetized these characters into poseurs and masked sterotypes; the only thing left to be certain, the only thing that can be derived, is that they truly do believe in hair color, haircuts, and one-night stands..."a home at the end of the world," wants us to believe it's making a liberal statement, wants us to swallow the whole enchilida. by using home as a metaphor and a terminal disease to create sympathy for itself, what this film really does is lead us down the road with good intentions to a home decorated in bad taste.
hold your nose.i thought colin was sleeping at first. i didn't realize he was "acting sensitive".  it would be more interesting to watch paint dry, than this slow, boring, pointless movie.  so, his friend is gay, big suprise, and colin movies to new york to live with him and kooky girl.  who ever thought robin wright could look ugly?  she used to be an attractive girl, i guess living with sean penn must be very stressful.  you probably guessed the plot - kooky girl really loves gay friend, but colin shows up and she sleeps with him gets preggy and they all move to hooterville and live the "unconventional life" thats even more boring than living in the "burbs".  they are the most conventional "unconventional" bores of all time.  either overdose on black coffee or skip this one.  for extreme colin fans only.  enjoy!
too simplistic.all the information (and more) you can find in the manual included in your nikon d200 camera box. do not waste yor money and time
i give it 2 stars for it's unintended comedy..thank goodness my wife and i rented this movie because it is a one-viewing-only experience. we are introduced to patrick swayze's character and he seems the country hayseed who just got off the train from booniesville. later, we learn he's been "all over the world". then we have to endure watching lisa neimi having, or reliving, her repeated emotional breakdowns. boo hoo. oh, don't forget george de la pena. one minute he's prodding the two former lovers, (swayze and neimi), into dancing the production they've all reunited to do. the next he's crying at his makeup table because he never believed he, himself, could complete the darn task. oh please!!! the story is so full of drama queens it's beyond belief!!! i have to admit that my wife and i spent most of the movie chuckling at the acting, the story and finally the lover's dance sequences. my major complaint was we hardly got to see these "great dancers" dance. there were plenty of waist up shots of the pair emoting their polarizing love/hate feelings. demonstrations of their dance skill? it seemed to be a case of hiding their weaknesses. and, then there's neimi's fatherless daughter. it wasn't too hard to figure out who's daddy. this plotline is so tired and comes at you thousands of miles before it's revealed. no surprise here. ..now let's be real. the threesome, who are supposed to be saving this dance company with their performance, were all pushing their mid 40's when we see the flashbacks of seven years prior!!! now the movie is trying to convince us that not one, but three people are going to beat the odds, and are expected to perform like the kiddies?!?!? as i said, we had to hold back the giggles...three things of note should be added here: ..1. watch the extra feature on this dvd. neimi and swayze, (real life husband and wife), show so much more of an emotional connection there than they ever could muster for the movie's performance. when not of the wooden variety, their emotional range swung to a stupefying over acting. again, boo-hoo. ..2. the movie's lighting director and photographer should have been fired on the spot. miss neimi  looks quite ancient and swayze looks like his face is plastic. during one scene patrick wants to practice a jump-catch!!! we cringed because it was like telling us our grandma was going to make the same attempt. we were convinced if lisa fell it would be the preverbal "old woman" breaking her hip. again, refer to the extra features. they look quite pleasant and neimi looks like she may even be able to pull this wishing well story off...3. lastly, i would say the sequences with the other dancers gathered for this movie were very good. they were quite entertaining to watch and were performed with inventive choreography. three cheers for the understudies!!! hurrah, hurrah, hurrah!!!..i have mixed emotions about this film. on one hand i like to root for the "old-timer" who makes good. on the other, it is tremendously embarrassing watching "old people" look foolish. unfortunately my rooting turned to laughing in disbelief. rent, don't buy, this movie as ironic camp and for the intermittent supporting dancers' sequences.
one last dance.i am sorry but i was unable to watch this product as it is not for australian viewing which i did not realise or understand at the time.  i have received a full refund for these goods but i would have rather been able to watch them.  thank you for your help and i wish i could have done your review - iren
waste of time and money.i bought this dvd for some ideas for a routine for my dance class.  there were three sections of actual dance moves with instruction.  each set was short and fast.  there is no way i'd want to see my girls dancing like this either!!  there was more time spent on the "behind the scenes and the freestyle (which was bad too!) than on the actual instruction.  waste of money!
hard to get into..i love jane austen's works, and persuasion, for me, comes next in line after pride and prejudice.  i think the story is more gentle and you really see a transformation in anne.  the movie, however, i just didn't like.  the characters weren't portrayed well and i thought the movie was boring.  anne in the movie had pretty much the same look on her face the whole movie which drove me nuts.  the guy who played capt. wentworth i thought was too angry most of the time.  i really couldn't enjoy this film because i couldn't get over the bad acting.  i'd love to see persuasion redone with hopefully a better result.  my advice: read the book and skip the movie
rating of this movie.this movie was not bill murray's  best. i would not recommend it to anyone
this is the worst movie i have seen in 5 years......i had high hopes for this movie. alas it was a wasted sentiment...it started off very s-l-o-w. it had a great premise. an aging don juan gets a mysterious letter saying he has a son....and he may be looking for him. so off he goes on a journey...but...can murray possibly have more of a complete stone face? his complete and total lack of any emotion was appalling. i kept waiting for this charming, charismatic man who seduced woman after woman to pop out. nope. i thought this was a comedy/drama? no comedy. no drama...in fact everyone in this movie acted with such stilted restraint in this movie it was painful. very unrealistic. people do not act this way......the conversations and time spent with each woman he once had a "relationship" or one night stand (we never know as they never once talk about anything much) are boring and again unrealistic. if someone i had not seen in 20 years showed up, i think i might have a couple questions, some animation. either it be anger or surprise. ..one other thing about this movie. it feels claustrophobic. tight. constricted. scenes drag on forever. shot of him sitting on his couch staring 2 min. shots of him driving down the road (many of those) with horrendous jazz playing...dragging on for a minute. just constant boring listless shots. it got to the point if i knew what he was going to do next- say go over to his neighbors house- i would fast forward...knowing it would be a boring drawn out walk over there. i never ff through movies, this one demanded it. ..this really is a horrible movie. i wasted over 2 hours on this only to have the end....be a total dud. bleck.
boring, tedious, unrealistic."broken flowers" is about as realistic as a movie with explosions, gun fights, and car chases. in real life nobody acts like this or talks like this. that's not to say a movie has to be realistic to be good, but it helps if somebody at least resembles a human being. ..bill murray meets up with old girlfriends that he hasn't seen for 20 years, and these meetings are ridiculous. in real life people show more emotion or have some type of reaction, and they usually talk. in this movie they just sit there and stare at each other with almost nothing to say. why is this interesting? it's torture. and when they do finally talk, everything said is random and vague. in reality people try to carry on a normal conversation. even the strangest people do it, i've seen it...people say the director jim jarmusch takes a "minimalist" approach. nothing is "spelled out for you", you have to "think". "if you don't get it, watch your explosions movie". it reminds me of a modern abstract painting, the one with a blank white canvas except for an orange square. people rave about it's deep meaning and it's hanging at the met. meanwhile i can paint an orange square on a blank canvas. so can you. i can also make this movie, just give me some cameras, a cinematographer and some money. while watching, in my head i was filling in the dialogue for the characters, and my dialogue was a lot more interesting than anything these people say. ..i enjoyed bill murray in "lost in translation". his deap-pan performance worked there. at least in that movie the characters had something to say, and stuff happened. here we have long shots of bill murray laying on a couch, or just simply staring into space. looong shots. the only character that vaguely resembled a human being was winston, bill murray's neighbor. he was somehwat amusing and he actually talked! ..i don't need movies to mirror reality to enjoy them, nor do i need everything spelled out for me. my favorite type of painting is impressionism, which looks nothing like reality if you stare at it. but with the right perspective a good one looks more realistic than a photorealistic painting. with this movie, an orange square is nothing but an orange square, and people staring into space is nothing but people staring into space
the emperor has no clothes.what is the point?   team this film with the over-rated, lost in translation, and you have a five hour journey into total boredom..for five hours bill murray wanders about with a sad st.bernard look on his face accomplishing nothing and saying nothing of value..one could call these two films,odes to self pity...not all souls are lost! there are many people creating great things, making wonderful contributions and being very funny at the same time and the people really want to see their stories instead these artsy, farsty downers...every year hollywood keeps losing 7 to 10% of its audience ...and these are two of the reasons.people really don't want to spend money to hang out with self absorbed losers with no point to their lives...where are the frank capras, preston sturges, stanley kramers, george stevens...we need them..jack schlatte
this film lacks counterbalance.i have to say that i am a fan of bill murray's acting (over and beyond his comedic work), and i think that rushmore and lost in translation were efforts that should secure him in the canon of great actors, but this film felt very misguided and took an awful turn at some point.  murray's soulful, silent stare was way too overused here, cheapening the times he used it quite well in other movies, and after he parts from his neighbor, who is a wonderful character and helped balance out murray's doleful depression, the film just seems to bottom out and never seems to rise again...jarmusch has had much success in the past in following very quiet, interior characters (_dead man_, _ghost dog_), but here he either overplayed his hand or forgot that what really made those other films work was counterbalance.  nobody and the french ice cream man are excellent counterweights in the other films to keep things from getting too dragged down, but in this movie, the counterweight is cut away from way too early, and this film suffers for that mistake.
much more bad than good.i ordered this dvd on the basis of some of the reviews - it was a big mistake.  while terry dunn is very relaxing to listen to and obviously knows his stuff, the quality of the dvd makes its all but useless as a training tool.  the dvd does not permit selection of the section i want to perform.  the section that introduces you to the basic forms is so washed out that you cannot tell what the foot and hand positions are supposed to be..finally, in the last segment where terry performs the complete form, the camera pans in too often so that you cannot actually see the form from start to finish..sadly, i highly recommend you seek another source of knowledge for this wonderful art.  i know i will be looking for something better.
this is horrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.i can't believe that people have the nerve to compare this to the oringal one with chris tucker or even the second. i watched this piece of unfunny white goofball movie and wanted to cry. i really peeved me off that people had the nerve to say it deserved better or claiming that people were only bashing it because it was a black film, but no it was horrible and seemed to need the touch of dj pooh and a return of chris tucker to make it funny. this is just a crappy movie that needed not to be made. sorry cube
martha misleads.i was disappointed in several aspects of this dvd. first of all, if you are an avid martha-on-tv watcher, you have probably seen most of these segments. secondly, the cake on the case front is not shown or demonstrated on the dvd. thirdly, the wedding gown segments are virtually repeats of one another--showing the typical silhouettes of wedding gowns and recommendations of figure types for each.
a little harsh the first time.i posted this originally under "wow...this sucks"...i may have been a little harsh.  i am still disappointed with it, as i had high hopes when i caught the tail end of the performance on tv (but i think i saw his first "bananas").  its not that there are no funny parts (there are a few), but its that his material is not really fresh and original...its been done before and done better(particularly arguing with his puppets and some of his general observations that start the show and i really didn't care for his timing/delivery).  i will say that his puppet symphony at the end is a killer segment...i did laugh really hard at that...i guess if i could change my rating it would be a 2 out of 5 instead of 1.  check out the jeff allen "bananas" dvd...he is funny, orginal, and the story of his life will bless anyone who watches it.
marvel never liked this take on the x-men..because i have regular working rounds at marvel, i heard there that the company was never happy with this animated show.  mostly in the change to having most of the charecters as teens and only logan was to remain as an adult was a compromise made between marvel, the animation studio that made this show, and the wb network.   avi arad was never happy with it and after three seasons decited to cut the show out of it's contract, even though there were more shows ready to be made, since it did not fit in wtth marvel's future projects, it was made a lame duck and voted out of office ( to use a political saying)
made-for-tv rubbish.combining dialogue that appears to have been lifted from old political pamphlets with a rock music score more appropriate to a modern cosmetics commericial (lots of guitars and vibraphones, let's call it "rock on with nawsa"), this film tells the viewer much more about hollywood femnists' perceptions of the past, than it does about the past itself. all decked out in edwardian costumes, the cast works its way through a series of thankfully brief scenes in which enlightened women slay dominant males with verbal ripostes and quips, all loaded with telling facts and figures that reveal the extent of sex discrimination in the progressive era. these scenes also include the occasional disgruntled woman, for the moment reluctant to enlist in the movement, yet after being exposed to a few suffragist talking-points, she too will take up the banner and join the nawsa crusade. perhaps the most forgettable moment in two hours of not very clever dialogue came early on when alice told a washington post reporter: "i'm having dinner with helen keller." the reporter, "don't stare, she hates that."..yet, i suppose the most annoying aspect of this film is the music: rock is not only inapposite to the 1910s, it is completely at odds with the seriousness with which suffragists conducted their campaigns. indeed, one of the few songs the producers chose from the early 20th century was "ain't she sweet"-- a roarin' twenties jazz standard introduced in 1927 by paul ash  his orchestra at the oriental theatre in chicago and thereafter adopted by such entertainers as eddie cantor and sophie tucker. ..alice paul was hardly a flapper, nor was she an astute poitical strategist. she was a militant activist whose overwrought contribution to winning the vote for women only complemented the much greater, much more productive efforts of carrie chapman catt (angelica huston) and others who had continued the struggle since seneca falls in 1848. catt used paul's antics to good effect in eventually persuading president wilson (here, woefully overweight) to endorse suffrage as a route to victory in the great war. paul was at most a footnote in the process.. .i showed this film to my gilded age-progressive era class last spring; consider a few written comments from today's undergraduates: "disjointed" -- "historically inept and emotion-ridden" -- "this was hilary swank in insomnia part 2" -- "numerous historical inaccuracies included women's hair and men's clothing styles from later eras, the misuse of props like a small woman's wrist watch and a crown graphic press camera, both of which did not exist in 1918, plus the american flag behind wilson is hung backwards" -- "the parts where she (paul/swank) was jailed reminded me of that holocaust movie by speiberg, but his was more convincing"  my favorite: "why not really screw it up and throw in a little helen reddy at the end?
i give it zero stars.complaining, whinning, mumbling, beer drinking, bathtub soaking, unattractive alison and her overgrown, teenage hairstyled, beer drinking kid of a husband and their apy middle daughter.  the most horrible series i've seen on tv, in the end alison seems to "solve" whatever the problem is but it's not worth the watch. no one in my family enjoyes this show
"old target" "kitty heart".i really enjoyed jean-claude's earlier films.  but, they keep seeming to get worse and worse.  the dude kicked like 3 times in the film.  the best part of jean-claude's films are the fight scenes and these sucked.  you know you are getting cheese whenever you watch any of his movies but instead of cheedar this was some moldy government crap!  i'm really hoping he'll get with steven segal talk about how much they both suck, watch their old movies and then go back to thier roots
last van damme for me.van damme will keep making these awful pictures until fans like me quit buying them, i quit...the shame is that his new movies are most likely watched by his fans and yet very little in them appeals to fans, imo. why
not quite as boring as second in command..again as a van damme fan i'm disappointed. the hard corpse is slightly better than second in command but still boring and cheap, failing to hide its low budget. sheldon lettich directed both lionheart and double impact, arguable two of van damme's best movies as well as the enjoyable if a little silly the order so what happened with the hard corpse. the plot is predicable, boring and full of stereotypical characters, terrible acting and all wrapped up in a cringe inducing script. as one reviewer noted below, this is basically a cheap rehash of the the bodyguard with van damme playing another boring, zero emotion, personality void, haunted past character that he seems to be drawn to lately. as bad a thing as it is to wish upon anyone, i preferred his performances when he was coked out of his head on illegal narcotics of various types, at least he was entertaining! another irritating annoyance with this movie is when characters, some ex trained us marines fail to take any cover during the shoot outs and when will people learn that cars are not bullet proof. they may as well have a sign on their heads saying "look at me, i'm going to die next". van damme then runs over to them after they have been shot so he can do his little bit of acting where he shows his fans that wonderful new acting technique, giving us his new facial expression of looking mournful and pained over the death of his friend that unfortunately comes across more as if van damme is trying to take a dump. as for van damme's fight choreography, it has now entered the realms of the ridiculous. van dammes character is a trained killer but he can't block a punch or take an opponent with no martial arts experience? the character van damme is protecting is the former heavy weight champion but can't knock van damme out even after hitting him square in the face several times without gloves? van damme's fight scenes are now filmed much like steven segeals, all you see is legs and fists flying at the camera or hitting opponents with some close up, camera as tight as possible grappling were you can't see van damme's face. i wonder if van damme is now using a stand in or double for his fights because you very rarely see him doing any actual martial arts. i've said it before and i'll repeat it again, someone please give dolph lundgren more than $5 million to direct and star in a decent action movie because he has shown lately with the defender and the russian specialist that he takes pride in a movie that he has control over. in short, in my opinion this is another disappointing boring entry from van damme with very little martial arts, unexpected below average directing from sheldon lettich with no entertainment value to recommend to anyone except hard core van damme fans and even they will probably be disappointed. definitely rent before separating with $18's dvd unseen
not hard corps at all.i am one of the biggest van damme fans and his movies continually let me down of late. the current case in point is the hard corps. if you have seen the bodyguard (kevin costner and whitney houston) you have seen a much better movie, than this low budget rehash...the movie's plot, actor's performances (or lack thereof), and the poor dvd package (only special features are other direct-to-dvd movies, and not even the trailer for this movie), make this a rental only...van damme plays an ex-soldier from desert storm and he is hired to be a bodyguard to a former boxer, now community leader. he doesn't want van damme's protection, but his sister does (played by vivica fox--what happened to her since kill bill?). there are some fight scenes involving a rap mogul (yes, how could anyone make this up) whom the boxer had sent to prison years earlier, now that he has been released. drive-by shootings and house break-in attacks sum up the plot. van damme is playing very low key, lacking the charisma he showed in his youth. he is not bad, but not good either. for fans looking for a lot of martial arts, you won't find it. a few punches and kicks, but nothing any more spectacular than what he did in second in command. ..if this is the best van damme can do these days, i suggest a retirement. then maybe when he is in his 50's, he can come back like arnold and sly. who knows. do yourself a favor, do not expect anything but a b-movie action film
one of the worst.one of the worst war movies and one of the worst vietnam war movies ever. if you want to see a better one made at about the same time, see burt lancaster in "go tell the spartans". if you ever wonder about how clueless some people can be about history and world events, this should pretty much explain it
unintentionally funny, with one great battle scene.this may be the goofiest war movie ever made, an attempt to do a wwii-style flag waver smack in the middle of the vietnam war.  simplistic and cliched beyond words, badly directed and acted, the central part of the picture is, nevertheless, worth the price of admission.  a long, sustained night attack on a firebase is memorably staged and shot.  seems a little clunky now, but no one had ever seen anything like this when the movie came out.  the rest is laughable, especially the mistakes: wayne parachuting out of plane without hooking up; smashing what is obviously a mattel toy m-16 against a tree (see the curved "magazine"?); and, of course, the classic ending where the sun sets in the east
what?.i can't believe how many great reviews this horrible film got. the acting is laughable as is the writing. there are also many mistakes and inaccuracies! they depict the heroes as perfection and the enemy as monkeys.  real life isn't like that.  i guess just because this movie is pro-war people automatically back it up.  but this is the worst movie i have ever seen.
as good as anything joseph goebbels ever produced....ignorance and propaganda run amok...a good movie for a lot of american dumb guys who like war movies just because they're war movies...the nazi's made films like this in the 1930's with the poles portrayed just like the vietnamese are in this film...the vietnamese boy in this movie is named ham chunk???  are you kidding me???  the sad part is no...they're not kidding...which makes this movie all the more revolting...but i see it's quite popular...which is informative as to how george w. bush got into the white house and why american soldiers are now bogged down in iraq...the same war mongering fat heads who didn't "get it" (understand the consequences of putting your big american nose in other people's business) then, don't get it now.  winston churchill warned, "those who do not remember their past are damned to repeat it"...a fine vintage vietnam war movie for simple minded viewers...remember freedom is not free...freedom to make millions of dollars from selling weapons and war materials to the government costs citizens billions of dollars...this movie stinks...unless your sophisticated taste enjoys war as entertainment..
this train doesn't  seem to know where its going....chris van alsberg's beloved christmas classic is brought to the screen in this sickeningly self indulgent, outrageously overblown animated film. the characters are bland,and their movements are creepy and mechanical, both of which make them feel more like robots than humans. the film's biggest problem is that it dosen't seem to know whether to treat itself like a horror movie, a children's christmas cartoon, or a slapstick comedy. the film overflows with half-baked ideas,for instance,there is a mysterious hobo-zombie who makes his home .on the train's roof and a room filled with abandoned toys. it is not an exaggeration to describe the film as creepy, as many other reviewers have. while not quite the ''cat''astrophe of the seuess films,the polar express is still something of a train wreck. ..score:4/1
agony or ecstasy.along time ago i saw this in the theater, and found it interesting how the painting of the chapel was done.  however, it was very slow moving, for a teen ager.  now that i've grown old, (63), i could hardly stay focused on it at all.  .  if you are interested in purchasing this movie, i warn you it will be painfully slllooooowwww. think of it as "the agony not the ecstasy".  sorry mr. heston, but its true. i still think you're the best.  .   your friend, jef
the agony and the ecstasy.i ordered this dvd for my husband who is teaching a world history class at a local high school.  we love the movie itself, but the quality of the product was sub-par.  there were several times during the movie when there was an annoying scratching sound that would continue for a while.  i thought this was a new dvd and not a used one, but the annoying sound during parts of it causes me to wonder about that.  the speed with which we received the dvd was right on!  he did get it in time to use in his class.  so that's a plus.  just wanted you to know about the quality of the video itself.
seeing other movies.ugh. an unfunny waste of an hour and a half. even the dvd menu screen is painfully annnoying. this film boasts 2 awards on its cover, one for best film at the vail film festival and one for best actress in the u.s. comedy arts festival. it is so bad that henceforth, mention of either of those two festivals will be a black flag when i'm deciding what not to watch. before the third act even started, i emailed the good people at the vail film festival to find out what other films were there in 2004, when this won, because i'm a masochist and i'm utterly fascinated to find out-- and yes, ultimately watch-- the kind of trash this movie could have possibly beaten. they have yet to reply. i can only hope that if andy richter knew this was the kind of work he'd be doing, he would have shackled himself to conan's desk "saw"-style. i had a running debate with myself whether bryan cranston's character's obnoxious foreign accent was in the script or if he added it in a futile attempt to spice things up. said debate was far more entertaining than the film. highlights for me were two moments of sheer confusion and panic which required me to look up the cast credits online to reassure myself of my own sanity: "dear god, is that supergirl?" and "dear god, is that the lead singer of korn?" other than that, the best feeling this movie gave me was relief, when the end credits started to roll less than 90 minutes after the opening credits. not only do i wish i could assign a score of zero stars, i wish a mechanism existed which would allow me to take away the stars given to this film by other reviewers and dispense those stars equally among gigli, empire records, catwoman, and tom green's filmography in its entirety
season one.season one is simply not his best season.  i'd recommend another one if buying this for the first time
assess your own taste before buying.i am one of the many reviewers who purchased this dvd because everyone favorably compared it with "seinfeld," and (not being an hbo subscriber) i had never seen it. personally, i found this show boring, repetitive, and often grating. well, that's just me. you might be among the many people who enjoy this genre of comedy. deciding if this dvd is for you will require an informed assessment of you own taste.  buy this dvd if you tend to laugh at protracted bickering among the characters (as in "married with children" or vicki lawrence's show "mama").  this is not the kind of gut-splittingly funny politically charged bickering that we once enjoyed in "all in the family." as in "seinfeld", you will see adults act in childish, selfish, irresponsible, uncaring ways. depending on how this is done, it can be very funny, but "curb" missed the mark for me. i find self-absorbed new yorkers (as those portrayed in seinfeld) to be funny, but self-absorbed californians (as in "curb") are just pathetic, not even laughable. you might feel differently. neurosis and rudeness are backhandedly ridiculed in "seinfeld", but almost celebrated in "curb." the characters in "seinfeld" are roughly half a generation younger than those in "curb." the seinfeld characters (who came of age in the "me" era of 1980s ) commit a variety of hilarious middle-age gaffes and mis-steps associated with a lack of direction in life.  the older characters in "curb," on the other hand, offer us only a repetitive and uncreative barrage of antagonistic behavior that is characteristic of people who have given up on forging new directions in life. they merely exist. you might find this funny, but i found it depressing
children should beware of strangers approaching in cinema.because some of them are repeat motion picture pedophiles, of a sort; or they exhibit repeat youth stalking and posturing behaviors indicating a suggestive or manipulative inducement scam of industrially applied psychological warfare to goad uninformed youth imprinting boobytraps.  that is the subject of this semiotic critical study.  you know where the exit is if you're not up for it.  voting buttons are for political circuses, state your own case and leave others unmolested.  the first amendment is ratified; it is not up for repeal.  enter: ..there is no more need for obsequiously flattering supplications to a menace lurking in our communities, nor the hundredth re-written version of a content synopsis--those forms of reviewing anything are pass mental laziness playing right into a trap.  there is no such thing as an american idol or icon or celebrity worship.  there is commerce, enticement, inducement and stupidity; and absolutely no curriculum allowed in the schools dealing with the subject of anti-commercial thinking skills for intellectual self preservation and defense.  ..if leni rifle'nall, subsequent to the destruction of european fascism and its motion picture cameras, had to work under cover still trying to cast the ideological mold for society in the socialistic-fascist agenda, she'd probably be pushed into film projects that use stories and situations in juxtaposition to target children and other sore nerves like mother's and kidnapping... `the forgotten.'  and she'd probably be in a position of unannounced executive, overriding film directorate to even suggest such crypto-fascists titles; or what would convert into having the ear of those controlling the pool of her pre-selected film scripts and directors in whatever kulture of mass entertainment media manufacture...poor animation, bereft of ideas and recycling a lunatic zoo escapade from earlier motion picture non-greatness; for the purpose of catholic bashing and youth corruption...ecstatic performances are actually religion related catharsis, for motion picture redundancy it only amounts to acting out the most, screaming, shouting the most, being the most behaviorally intimating of instability or violence--that whole center of attention, infant terrible prestige and again, involving a `childish fascination with aircraft', motorcycles, airlines like in `the forgotten', childhood affectations of wealth, intellect and power.  what about this latest ripoff of the movie 'dog day afternoon', also having to import limes and posture a sublime disrespect for black law enforcement as being at no recognizable `pay grade'?  that's an awfully irritating display of arrogance too, and saying that robbing banks and shooting people is determined solely by the ripe attitude `because i can'.  the public only sees another rotten lime, (tv's "hell's kitchen"), in a marvelous artistic achievement for public good, peace and civility--let's give her a hand, to retirement.  bait unrest, bait contempt, weaken morale, trigger something, anything.  it can still get them while they're young and dumb; ain't that right columbine? ..after school special animation fantasy?  what is the correct genre for this film?  because it didn't work and whatever interesting acting (at least) there might've been, it's probably a tool for creating the next cipher army of cybernetic john hinkleys.  was it on the larry king interview there was rumor of a film titled `amanda plummer'?  or was that a decidedly misleading invention to hide the catholic bash in `the secret lives of altar boys?'    well, we've heard about the scandal surrounding the secret lives of alter boys, but maybe we don't really appreciate how secret their associations can be.  i guess a substantial career in propaganda speaks for itself and only provides test cases for subversion analysis in hazardous media, appliances of mass population psychological operations.  and that is actually more entertaining that viewing any movie completely prone to its presumptive spin-aplomb.  it isn't a big, important celebrity; it isn't a big exciting new picture release; it isn't even a story or film making, it is a method of conditioned response inducement...for statistical confidence interval estimator...neurolinguistic, demographic psychometric programming--exotically scientific and childishly deviant.  that's probably all that the master kulture ultra section of military intelligence, or "mi" ever amounted to--the hubris of hitler's photography harlot, and no doubt whole schools of socialistic engineering, just like that childish fascination with aircraft raid on the national budget, absolutely every infernal contraption to stroke the ego of super-genius design engineers with all sorts of flight plan(s)...what next, with tens of thousands of high school students failing their graduation exams in every state, not just california; won't the white ethnic esteem have but few historic priding tokens to defend its `superiority'?  won't the college republicans at utah state university toy with students of international and family origins due to their non-anglo ethnic and language attributes, by inviting them to write an essay justifying scholarship monies set aside for them?  of course this is happening in america.  it appears the trustees of the edifice have abandoned their little writing-contest darlings at usu, and then encourage them to slander and humiliate people of color in lily white logan utah...sociologically, the roots of cinematic agitation for white aggression can always be traced back to the weakness to not examine the fault that lies within the self, and not others; to spurn the so called `immigrants' and question the need to recognize their languages, or to complain about the provisions they have made for their children's education.  ..motion pictures plied to a chronic genre of population demoralization are an indicator of national subversion for political agendas.  when they manipulate a context of youth development, they are also trying to strike at more susceptible, programmable victims.  glamorization of violence, mayhem, crime-spree destruction is no more acceptable in video gaming entertainment that they are at the movies, (it's been done till it's being overdone sticks out like the sore thumb it is).  boycott such movies, burn your copy of them instead of the flag for the evening news cameras; be more critically selective of the means to protest so that it doesn't ring hollow.  procure movie bills, big and fancy, and symbolically destroy them, even make movies of those effigies and put them on the web.  fight back.  evict the deliriously self infatuated, patrician media cast and all its pseudo sophisticated, mundane messages of inhumanity.  they are destroying america, any way they can.
disappointing.as the product of a catholic education, i really wanted to like this film, but i intensely disliked it. 90% of the reason that i disliked this film was because of the young actors. they are absoutely terrible and annoying actors playing terrible and annoying characters! they provoked no sympathy or empathy whatsoever for the characters they portrayed.
only for beginners.i loved the fact that you can program your fitness segments, but this tape should be labeled just for beginners.  the toning segments didn't fatigue my muscles, and the cardio i barely broke a sweat..if you are a beginner, this is a great video to start with.  they only do 6 reps for weights most of the time and the cardio is not too hard to follow, or too hard to do.  .in all 5 stars for beginners, 2 stars for intermediate/advanced.
it's alright.i like that you can customize your workout or use a pre programed one. there is the option of only having music and no talking which is nice. the cardio segments are about 13 minutes each and the toning segments are about 5. there is a total toning segment and it is about 10 minutes. the cardio didn't get my heart beat elevated like some other dvds i have. the toning segments had good exercises, but my muscles didn't feel tired after doing them. i think this dvd is geared more towards beginners
good for beginners.i travel for work, so i often rely on fitness dvds to help me stay in shape. i've only been working out seriously for a few months, and this dvd is definitely too easy for me.  there are 2 cardio workouts, 5 toning work outs, a warm up, a cool down, and an all over toning workout.  this seems great, but when you actually look at the details, you'll see that the cardio workouts are only 13 minutes each, and the toning workouts are only 5 minutes each. so when you actually look at the pre-set workouts (without warm up and cool down), you're only getting about 20 minutes of real exercise...i would say this is a good dvd if you've never exercised or you are really out of shape.  but even if you've been exercising for a little while, you'll probably find it too easy.  i strongly recommend the method cardio bootcamp, or 10 minute solutions carb burner, or 10 minute solutions pilates.  all three of these videos will give you the ability to choose your workouts or combine smaller segments into a longer workout.  if you're looking for a good toning workout, try self bikini ready fast.
save your money!.the story was awful.  don't spend your money on this one.  borrow it from the library
absolute crap - i'm po'd.i wish i had heard about the versions coming out in 2007 before spending a dime on this one. the picture is no better than before and the sound may actually be worse. i hope this film gets the velvet-glove treatment it deserves. it stands out as one of the greatest science fiction films ever - not a space opera like star wars or trek, or cheesy alien monster-of-the-month gore-fest, but true, brilliant, thought provoking sci-fi. there are all too few films like this one. treat it with the respect it deserves
excellent adventure, but way bogus journey.this movie was nowhere near the original, so should you wish to watch it, don't expect to be in stitches the whole time.  i honestly like it less and less each time i watch it, which to me is a mark of a bad movie.  it does have it's moments, hence the 2 stars (it is after all bill and ted, it has to have moments!).  my suggestion is rent/borrow it before purchasing it.  if you love it--buy it.  if not--don't.
defective dvd.the movie is great.  the dvd is not.  the french soundtrack does not play properly.  i had to return it for a refund
need a sleep aid?.i really don't know what all the hype has been about. i kept hearing all these great things about this movie, so i eagerly anticipated watching it. although robin williams gave his usual great performance, i was unable to connect to any of the main group of teenagers. i was also greatly disappointed in the fate of one and then the repercussions that creates on robin williams character. there is probably alot of really deep things i didn't catch since poetry is usually too obscure for me. another reviewer thought the ending was brilliant - i really saw no value in that final moment. i certainly did not finish the movie with a good feeling, i felt quite relieved it was over.
a truly lousy movie.i saw this movie in the mid-80s at a porno theatre on a double bill w/ the decline of western civilization.an interesting experience-all through the movies middle aged men would furtively enter,watch the screen for 10-15 minutes and go to the other theatre.i'm not sure that they didn't have the right idea. there are,indeed, wonderful clips of live clash,a wonderful band. but most of the movie follows the mind numbing adventures of a moron who somehow falls into a job as a roadie for the clash.the band members themselves later largely disavowed the movie and it isn't hard to understand why.i am a rabid clash fan,but there's no way that i could justify paying the price for this movie just to watch 15-20 minutes of the clash.it is a tragedy that this band,one of the most exciting bands in the history of rock,doesn't yet have a good concert film. joe strummer's death may cause the surviving band members to go through the archives to put together a documentary that shows the band performing live.until that happens i guess this is better than nothing, but not much. mick? paul? do you read these reviews? your fans deserve better that this! whip out a real concert movie
i was expecting a good story....the premise grabbed me; it is about a gay man sent to the concentration camps during wwii. i was expecting some really good things from it; "gay entertainment," as well as having the nazi attrocities against gays highlighted for starters...to say i was disappointed would be an understatement; it's a bad sign when i wished the ss would just shoot the main character and make it a movie about his boyfriend instead! i despised the main character...he was everything i could possibly dislike about a person all rolled up into one. ..he's a multi-time cheater on the same person, a coke-head, a jerk, very promiscuous, makes (unwelcome) decisions for other people...throw in some domestic abuse and you've just about covered it. ..he's someone i'd be ashamed to know...needless to say, it was impossible to sympathize with his wretched character. and i can't say i'm happy with the clear stereotypes of "gay life" being portrayed from the very beginning
he just might need it.i might try to kill his a** for dropping this trash. i saw this garbage not too long ago and this is by far the worst stand up comedy i ever saw.  jamie foxx is a talented actor and thats just about it. i didnt laugh one time and i was half drunk watching this. i cant believe he actually gets paid for this. i should be paid for watching this s***. amazon really needs to bless us with a zero star option because it is most needed
not funny.jamie foxx is very talented as an actor, but he does not even hold a candle to the top comedians...if you watched this and thought it was funny, then do yourself a favor and see more stand-up comedians.  foxx's routine gets put to shame by the big names in the industry...if you are just a jamie foxx fan and want to see him perform, then by all means by this dvd.  but if you are searching for a quality comedic routine that you can laugh at, look elsewhere
not funny.i was very disappointed with this show. having read the reviews i decided to buy the dvd, now i feel cheated. the jokes are weak, his inaccurate depiction of africa and his off-the-mark african accent were more annoying than amusing. jamie was crude, disgusting and even more disappointingly, not funny at all. he will look back at this and feel acknowlege that it wasn't his best performance. he had such good material to base his jokes on but he flopped quite badly. i do not recommend this dvd at all
i can't get this 2 hours and 40 minutes of my life back..i havent gotten really, really good and angry at a movie in a long time, and of course, it took a film like troy to remind me what it was like...let me start by saying that if your idea of a good time is brad pitt and orlando bloom slightly misted in sweat and looking pretty, then turn the sound down, grab a bowl of popcorn and by all means, enjoy this movie and the beautiful costuming, and ignore the rest of this review...but, if you expect even one iota more out of a movie.....dont waste your time....i'm saddened by the fact that i cant get the 2 hours and 40 some odd minutes of my life i wasted here back. ..the dialogue is insipid (they actually left the line, "i'm sorry sir.... your wife has left with the trojans." in the film....), everyone speaks with a british accent, except brad pitt....which wouldn't be that bad if he wasnt the star of the film...and then there are the extras who play sailors....who for reasons i cant quite understand seem to be speaking greek....when the rest of the greeks are speaking english with a british accent....well...except brad pitt. ..in one scene, achilles (pitt) and his cousin (?) sparr with swords among majestic greek ruins next to a beautiful blue sea....and i actually hit pause to scream at the screen, "idiots!!! it would have been a building then! not ruins!"...the real trojan war lasted over ten years....this filmed version appears to last two weeks...with a days break here and there to allow the main characters to look suitably attractive on the beach...and you have very little if any idea of the loss of life on each side.... in short, this movie is pure unadulterated drivel. youre asked to care about what began the war (you don't), you're asked to believe brad pitt's achilles is smoldering and brooding (you can't), and youre expected to come away with the knowledge that for thousands of years this was considered the greatest war of all time (you won't)...however much was spent in making this film was wasted.
very disappointing and without direction.as a fan of homer and virgil i have to say this was one of the most disappointing movies seen in some time.   after the early scene of the "thousand ships" which was incredible, the plot slid quickly downhill.   mr. pitt did a good job with the character of achilles and others were acceptable in their roles but so much of the story had been changed that it not only made an odyssey sequel problematic but robbed the story of the wonderful reconciliation stories that followed.   the characters become one-dimensional and unbelievable from a script that took far too many liberties in attempts to "improve" a story that has stood the test of millenia.   sad that the director/writers could not have left well enough alone and just told the story as it was meant to be told without the improvements of individuals noticably less talented than virgil or homer.   it gains two stars for the stunning photography and visual effects but loses other stars for its tedious and directionless plot
torture for historians.a friend had just bought this dvd. i happened to be visiting. he wanted to show me how the special effects had been used in creating the armies. i thought he was just going to show me a few minutes of film, but once it went into the dvd player, it just ran on and on...i was literally squirming in my seat, this "historical" film is so bad. from brad pitt's awkward, unconvincing achilles, to the painfully anachronistic acting and appearance of the whole film. for some reason, i kept thinking of "conan the barbarian". ..after about an hour, i literally fled my friend's house, making some excuse. i haven't been back since...not for history buffs
dvds are unwatchable -- beware!.i eagerly awaited the first season of "murder, she wrote" on dvd.  unfortunately, less than 25 minutes into the first episode, the dvd froze...a problem, but it's probably just dirty from shipping (although no dvd from anyone except universal has this problem.)  stop the player, take out the dvd, and carefully wash it with optical cloth.  restart the player, fast forward to the skipping spot.  failure: the dvd hangs fast forwarding.  ditto using the scene selection menu...take the dvd out, clean it again, and try it in our second dvd player.  this time it hangs fast forwarding, hangs in menu selection, and hangs in the first 3 minutes after skipping several times in those 3 minutes...fine -- one of joys of buying from amazon is that they are very good about replacing defective products.  except that when i request a replacement dvd, amazon says that due to the number of similar problems with "murder, she wrote", they will not replace the disks, but instead issue a refund...i have over 3,000 dvds, and only a few have been defective.  now that i think about it, the defective ones have all been universal double-sided dvds...i wish amazon would refuse to sell a product that they know is so   defective that they won't even try to replace it...i think universal should be ashamed for releasing a such shoddy product...note: there is no review of the content because i was unable to see the content
too much for me.i had the complete opposite experience with this workout than did the previous reviewer.  the combination of doing upper and lower body exercises simultaneously caused my heartrate to soar which caused symptoms of overtraining.  ..many people love this video but i just had a bad experience with it
slow workout.if you are in relatively good or even average shape and are looking to really tone up and sculpt your body, this isn't the workout for you. it didn't get my heart rate up and i didn't break a sweat. the instructor spent too much time in between exercises to explain what was next, too much down time. i actually got bored. ..the sculpting stick was not needed, and the 'fanny lifer' was used to just sit on much of the time when the exercises could have been modified standing or kneeling. ..i am extremely disappointed. i wasn't sore or challenged. this might be a good workout for someone who is extremely overweight and needs to go at a slower pace, but anyone looking to drop 5-20 lbs or firm up this isn't for you!
another gay hiv+ demon infects another innocent wife (yawn).intensely homophobic, heterosexist, and hateful, this film represents the twisted fears and logic of the early panic stage of the disease in the 1980s. it was a time when the public was eager to pin the epidemic squarely on the shoulders of gay men, blaming antisocial "aids carriers" for carelessly or intentionally infecting chaste wives and innocent babies. it was a time when the public blamed aids on lust-driven, irresponsible gay men and cheating husbands. the film is pretentious and overbearing in its failed attempt to masquerade as a sophisticated inquiry into moral responsibility in the age of hiv. it reinforces the simplistic outdated idea that those who are infected with hiv can be neatly separated into the categories of "deserving" or "undeserving" - immoral monsters and their innocent victims sitting together on death row. twenty years ago, perhaps this film would have its place as a document reflecting our social ignorance and failures in coping with a new epidemic. we did not know then that hiv was a predominantly heterosexual global pandemic. today this film is a sophomoric attempt to assign blame and reinforce old prejudices about hiv and hiv+ people. most importantly, hiv is no longer a death sentence to americans who discover their status and enter medical treatment early. as someone who counsels and tests hundreds of people for hiv infection every year, i would not recommend this film to anyone seeking knowledge or entertainment
bax experience.i ordered this movie on or around july 6, 2006 and have yet to receive it
not the classic john mantley story.there's a 1957 film of the same name, by director william asher and starring gene barry: the 27th day. it's based on the terrific john mantley speculative fiction novel; this is not it, nor is it a remake of any sort. those looking for the original won't as yet find it on dvd, and should not mistake this film for that one in any way. this is a completely different genre, and far from a classic. if you want to enjoy the original story, you can still find the book on amazon.com, and hope for a dvd release of the film
didn't like this dvd.i found this dvd to be too fast moving.  there was not enough time to look at the screen, do the action, get the movement correct and understand the benefit from the exercise.  it was filmed in a great location but it is to condensed to really enjoy.
good to watch and great music - not good to practice yoga.i bought this dvd based on shiva rea's strong reputation and some amazon reviews, however, i am extremely disappointed.  i like the concept of a customized dvd practice but it's not really practical.  you spend too much time trying to watch the video while your head should be facing down or up in the poses.  impossible to follow along with out some verbal clues. in addition, you also spend too much time fiddling with the remote if you do want to customize your practice.  how "yogic" is that? almost the antithesis of vinyasa flow.  ideally, you should start a video and then become totally immersed in your practice as if the video is not there - not stop and start and strain your neck.  at some point you should never even "watch" the video while doing yoga, just listen and practice.  this is impossible with this format.  too bad, because it is very beautiful, has fabulous music and a wonderful spiritual slant in the introduction.  a huge disappointment for an experienced yogini and would be even more so for a beginner. buy the music only or the gorgeous shiva-designed yoga clothes and do your own practice. namaste.
big disappointment.i was excited about this dvd because of the customized workout feature, but i couldn't even make it through a preview. the instructor's voice is grating. she sounds similar to denise austin so if you, like me, are sensitive to voice tone: be warned. and then there's the unsettling psuedo-mansion parlor background complete with pillars and fireplace which, to my mind, is entirely wrong for a yoga routine...if you're looking for a yoga dvd with a customized workout feature, i'd recommend the beautifully filmed and excellently instructed "yoga shakti" by shiva rea
it's terrible and very cheaply made.this does not engage my 9-month-old at all, who loves the baby einstein "old macdonald" and "neighborhood animals" and used to love all bach, beethovens, and mozarts. these dvds are the only thing that will actually keep her still when eating or when it's time to calm down before nap and bed. i was excited to introduce her to a new concept and this movie is just horrible. it is very cheaply made and it keeps showing the same garden twirling star toy over and over again. you would really think they would find more creative toys to put into the video. ..so why 2 stars and not 1? i do like that the planets are named and footage of the real planets are shown as well as the stars. but other than that, it is just terrible and not a learning experience nor a tool for me to begin her quiet time.
(2.5 stars) his best in years but still needs something more.the title 'wake of death,' new film of jean-claude van damme, is rightly given to the very violent contents.  van damme plays a bouncer ben archer who is quitting his job after seeing what he doesn't want to see for 20 years.  but he has a beautiful wife cynthia (lisa king, 'home alone 4') and a kid at home, and all he wants is just a quiet life...anyone who knows some rules about action flicks will detect what will happen to his family when kind-hearted cynthia (who is an ins officer by the way) takes home a little chinese girl found among the refugees from china.  and the little girl is connected with a chinese triad, in fact, a daughter of a ruthless boss sun quan (simon yam, 'tomb raider 2').  and these events occur at the night when cynthia and ben are sleeping together in bed, showing part of their bodies in the ill-lit room...[typical revenge story] yes, van damme is getting more and more serious these days, as you have seen 'in hell' recently.  'wake of death' goes similar course, but this time it's a revenge story with more violent actions with shoot-outs and car-chases.  though the script is a standard one, one inventiveness is found in the relations between van damme's hero and his former associates french mafiosos.  these french gangsters give a timely help or two to van damme's character in a more bloody fashion than the italian guys who were seen helping arnie in 'eraser.'..so how good is this film?  it depends on your expectaions.  'wake of death' shows fairly good car stunts and shoot-outs, but the lack of imagination on the director's side is too obvious.  my opinion is, it is much better than 'derailed' (his worst), far below 'timecop' (arguably his best), on par with 'the order.'  but it's just my idea.  the point is, van damme shows pretty good acting here, but the actions, or the logics behind them, look awfully disjointed.  the bad guy's motive to bring back his daughter at any cost is never explained, and the relations between the characters are very confusing.  (case in point.  you get a glimpse of two veteran actors burt kwouk, 'cato' of 'rerurn of pink panther' and jacqui chan, 'the world of susie wong,' but the moment they appear on the screen, they get killed, without leaving no impression on us.)  but  most damaging thing is the film's shoddy editing that virtually killed some of the good stunts such as two motorcycles running in a shoppoing mall.  i still do not know what happened at certain point of the story...philip martinez, formerly producer of b action films such as 'dot kill' or 'house of 9,' gives his second film as director.  (incidentally, his first feature was, the imdb   says, 'citizen verdict'(03) starring armand assante and jerry springer!)  as to 'wake of death' he decided to shoot this film in south africa though the story is set in america...fans of van damme might hail the film as his come-back.  i don't know, for i still fondly remember joyful thrills when i watched his 'timecop' or 'universal soldiers.'  'wake of death' is good as grade-b, straight-to-video actioner, but it's not good enough for me.
not for beginners!!!!.very disappointing.  leisa hart goes much too fast for anyone to catch on to her moves.  the dance moves she does are much to fast to learn and so is her pace with which she teaches.  she does not set a very relaxing tone to her yoga poses, either-she sounds very rushed and does not teach any of her moves before she performs them.  it is extremely difficult to keep up with her.  also, i thought there would be more exercises with your baby.  very disappointing
a disaster!.what a huge disappointment this release is.  i was suspecting that it wouldn't be all that great when i saw that the studio that originally produced this show, 20th century fox, was the same video company releasing it.  well, the first season looks horrible.  the source material is all 16mm dupe prints, some parts of which are out of focus, scratched and dirty.  in all cases the image is soft and, well, like 16mm.  compared to what fox is releasing of voyage to the bottom of the sea, produced the same year (1964) and at the same studio as boone, this release is nothing short of a disgrace.  we should be given pristine 35mm source material, and we're not.  i suspect fox wouldn't release the original camera negs from it's vaults without a substantial fee.  anyway, season one of daniel boone isn't worth buying.  i haven't seen season two, when the show started filming in color, but i'm now afraid to look
dv that doesnt work.the dvd didn't work and returning it couldn't be more awkward so just cut my losses not happy in the slightes
wasting space on my dvd shelf....i was recommended this movie by a friend here at college, and because he spoke so highly of it, i thought i would just buy it instead of rent it. i definitely regret that decision. if you're thinking of buying it - rent it first. it was dull and obnoxious, not to mention weird. the only entertaining part of watching this film was making fun of it with my roommate (which is why i gave it 1 star instead of 0). however, if you're still interested, definitely rent it, you might enjoy it.
oh my, what an inexcusable fiasco from universal!.when i received this for christmas the year of its release, i was unaware of the framing issues.  i had to ship parts 2 and 3 back to them for replacements.  on top of that, there were warbling sound issues with part 2, and the michael j. fox interview ran about 8 chapters before kicking you off and back to the main menu.(this was reported on many websites)  also, the trailers were all full screen, not widescreen.  apparently all of these issues have been fixed in the 2005 re-release.  the thing that angers me the most is that since i couldnt return part 1 to universal initially, ive got a disc with the trailer in fullscreen instead of widescreen....ughhhh.  i can live with it in fullscreen and i am not gonna exchange the set for a 2005 set because who knows what more crap ill have to go through with universal.  thanks for nothing......pass this one up until its reissued with new features!
waste of talent, time, and money.i had the unfortunate experience of spending money at blockbuster and renting this dud. with such big name stars, i expected at least a mildly entertaining movie.  what i got was one hour of lifeless, drab, big-budget flick.  i couldn't bear to watch another minute, thus "tequila sunrise" became the first rental i stopped watching since that fateful day i rented "last action hero".  the actors seem to be stumbling through their scenes, lending not one iota of believability to their characters.  i'm sure michelle pfeiffer, mel gibson, and kurt russell all look at this horrendous piece of garbage as the down point of their careers.  i hope the actors had fun making this production; i sure as heck didn't have any fun watching it
philadelphia.denzel washington is probably my favorite actor. even in that dog of a movie called the manchurian candidate, he shone. tom hanks? well, lemme quit hating the guy. this is a well-intentioned movie, tom did a creditable job, and we had extreme close-ups with funny colors to camouflage the spots where he overreached. i was also pleasantly surprised to see antonio banderas fly in the face of his latino studliness by playing a gay guy. a passionate one, though, since he's still a latino, after all. ..actually, this is a hollywood "message movie," and you know what that means. it's about as subtle as michael moore. those who agree with the message flock to be beaten about the head by it for two hours. those who the filmmakers would like to see the movie, those who don't agree with the message, stay as far away from it as possible. ..there's a scene in the library where nobody wants to sit at the table with aids boy. the way they stared at him reminded me of "lao wei in china" experiences. denzel's character was reminded of segregation, even though he's too young to remember it, and started to care about tom hanks' character. ..aids discrimination is bad. actually, any discrimination at all is bad. and that's the movie's message. i agree with the message, but still. that's all we've got. ..as a totally irrelevant non-sequiter, if the name "sam francisco" means anything to you, you've seen subtle commentary on discrimination. ..i love a great courtroom drama. this one was merely good. with so much of an agenda to squeeze into a two-hour film, they had to take a few shortcuts here. sad, ain't it? but even so, a well-intentioned film that i'm glad i saw. once. not twice. once is enough, thank you.
michael moore is an idiot.this was a ridiculous documentary. i watched with an open mind, and after it was finished i was so irritated because he showed such a one sided biased view, it was ridiculous. being that it is a michael moore movie i should have expected this but i tried to view it openly. let me warn you now, don't waste 2 hours or 20 dollars
spalding, where are you??.the recent disappearance of spalding gray has made me realize what i don't like about this film: its narcissism.  it's gray's defining characteristic.  after a while, despite jonathan demme's fabulous direction (he makes the  best of a limited repertoire) it just gets boring
what a waste.this movie is superficial and populated with glamorous and unprincipled characters...kate hudson, while photogenic in the extreme, is not believable with her fake and shaky irish accent...the plot is unbelievable, and the characters are offensive...the structure of the film is clumsy, and the idea that any sort of trusting relationship and marriage is possible with these people who can not keep it in their shorts (including hudson) is.naive and unworldly, rather than the reverse.   the false sense of lighthearted sophistication is tedious...don't bother.
scary movie for psychopaths!!!.this movie is demented. it's only a tiny bit above something sold in an adult video store, as it is basically just one sex scene after another. if you hate other people, and want to have an excuse to distrust everyone you meet, watch this diseased film
it had some good moments, but was mostly boring......i am a sci-fi / space geek so this movie seemed right up my alley.  the cast was solid, the director has talent, and the story is a true story so all pretty much went well...right?  nope...this was a pretty dull film with very little believable suspense. the formula kept repeating over and over: something goes wrong + houston advises + astronauts do something = all is well.  lather, rinse, repeat.  boring, very boring. i never once flet any real tension except for the initial "problem" which obviously was not that bad because everything went well in the end.  ..the problem is that all of the "issues" the men faced were handled so matter-of-factly.  rarely did anyone seem rushed or panicked.... it was just yeah, attach this tube to this tube and magically everything will be ok.  i never felt that the astronauts were really threatened, maybe a few times, but only for a minute or two.  some reviews claim that this movie was tense and riveting.... how so i must ask?  nothing really happened.  it was not emotional at all since the "struggles" of the men were so poorly portrayed.  to each his own i guess, but 4 1/2 stars?  geeez, just because tom hanks is in it does not make the movie good follks!..the family interactions were pretty standard: crying wife, kids asking questions, annoying media attention, etc, etc.  yeah, i could feel for the characters to some extent, but again, this movie needed a lot more real tension and panic to be meaningful...i will say that the launch scene was excellent and very cool, so were some of the space shots but even those were fake with noise and star-trekkish special effects...too bad, i had high hopes for this film but was completely disappointed and bored...not recommended
where is he going with all this?.noam has been around for quite some time and has a wide audience of follwers. mr. chomsky is highly critical of us foreign policy. he attacks both, the right and the left. the world is very complicate due to human nature not noam chomsky's political/linguistic analysis...he has many adherents, especially from well known universities, including berekley. but, mr. chomsky is marking his arguments in the form of speeches, books, dvds. yes, the truth must come out. he is making money.......lots of it!..people need to be more, not less, informed. and, they don't necessarily and should not be totally absorbed by chomsky's politics. i find chomsky's following, from two conflicting levels, humorous in nature and tunnel vision in nature. humorous because people don't think for themselves. tunnel vision because people don't think for themselves...we humans have been in conflict from day one. we don't need chomsky to remind us of this. being an independent thinker is so important and critically rewarding; yet, many "scholars" make the same mistake: they look to others for validation. they almost cannot think for themselves...america is a great nation. we should honor all that is good, question what is not, and support and strengthen this great nation
if you like the back of william hurt's head....the only good thing in this movie was ms. howard's performance, she is innocent and believable.   i can't understand how good actors like weaver, hurt, and phoenix would let themselves be wasted on this. the 'plain' dialogue among the 'elders' is painfully numbing, choppy, and stilted.  and the directing drove me crazy, especially since m. night...insists on filming group scenes as is he was just passing through, or following them without ever bothering with close-ups. these scenes make me feel like they were done by an amateur filmmaker with a his first video camera.   if you like the back of william hurt's head, you'll get plenty of it in this film, the camera seems to avoid his face like the plague; which is too bad, since when he finally has a good speech, we are deprived of the anger i imagine was in his eyes.  i agree with others, i would have worked better as a 30 minute twilight zone episode.  rent it first before you buy, and save some money for a classic thriller, like psycho
one of the worst movies i have ever seen..this entire movie could have run in only 20 minutes and you wouldn't miss anything and might even enjoy it. unfortunately it ran 88 minutes too long and i couldn't wait for it to end.  i saw it in the theater and the people all around me were all complaining how boring it was. at least a quarter of them walked out before the end. it's that bad. it's a shame, i love a good suspense/horror movie and the decent actors in this movies were waisted
god awful.i knew the ending within the first 10 minutes.  m. night shamalamadingdong disappointed me and should go back to his job at denny's
definitely not worthy of wilbur smith or the actors.i'm a wilbur smith fan, so i bought this dvd thinking it would be interesting...silly me...are movies ever comparable to the books?  despite the excellent cast, the acting was third rate and the movie came across as sort of danielle steelish, not wilbur smith.  given the talent involved in the film, the film makers could have done much better
very sub-standard wilbur smith lite.the only good thing in this movie is jolene blalock as a femme fetale. the problem with this film, to paraphrase an old quote, is that there is a lot of nice scenery but no engaging story put in front of it...truly only wilbur smoth knows how to pull off south african grand guignol and have you care. unfortunately wilbur smith has nothing to do with this. and it shows
ok for a rainy day.bought dvd mainly cos am a alyssa milano fan but to be honest she was completely wasted in this film. quite a good story but seemed to have a really rushed ending. probably an ok television movie to watch on a rainy day and worth getting just to have a laugh at the acting from the guy who plays benedict. if your an alyssa fan stick with charmed
sad excuse for a movie.....one of those cases where everything goes wrong in the making of a movie: low budget, unispired performances (alexis denisof is particularly bad here), lack of decent screenplay for the actors to work upon, bad direction, despisable characters, cliched situations... how kinski chose to act in this one?
simply unwatchable....never could have guesse that this movie would be so bad. could not reach the end of it, a very rare occasion!! the dialogues are so ludicrous, characters and acting obnoxious, i can't, i repeat, i can't understand how alyson hannigan starred this piece of... shame on me for being such a buffy fan and having the bad habit of renting / buying anything remotely related to the cast of buffy...
what a waste of time.....if you wanna watch kinsi and alyson hannigan embarrassing themselves by accepting to work in such a mean, bad and mediocre movie, than this is the right movie.....the history is a joke, direction is floppy, almost non existant, alyson hanningan gives her worst performance ever. it's one of those movies that, i'm sure, everybody involved , after watchin the final footage, excclaimed: "what have we done??"!!..awfu
rip it off rips a boring hole in the fabric of time......there's a lot of things wrong with this movie....one being the wasted talents of its gifted cast. nastassja kinski (cat people, one night stand), alyson hannigan (boys and girls, tv's buffy the vampire slayer), jennifer esposito (tv's spin city, master of disguise), brian mccradie (speed 2: cruise control), steve harris (tv's the practice, minority report), todd field (stranger than fiction, twister) and even the always awesome alexis denisof (tv's angel, rouge trader) are all burned out with a soggy script and its way too familiar and formulaic. it's about what adds up to be a bad bank robbery with everyone shooting each other up at the end. i really thought the accents of both mccradie and denisof trying to do russians was bad. mccradie is irish isnt he and denisof is like british..no, i'm not buying it for one second. kinski, hannigan and esposito are all sexy but like i said....not much fun...drags on a long time.
good acting but bad movie.the only reason i bought this movie is because alison hannigan and alexis denisof was in it.(i'm a huge buffy fan)  i knew it wasn't going to be the greatest films ever made but i didn't realize how bad it was going to be.  watching the film i felt almost embarassed for the actors since they were given such crappy material.  the story line was thin and it seemed like the movie couldn't decide from whose point of view it wanted to tell the story from.  it begins and ends with a narration of the ex-boyfriend of jennifer episito's character but for most of the film he isn't an important character.  the direction was horrible.  it seemed they tried to make shots that were supposed to look cool but it only looked like they were covering up there low budget of a film.  there were some scenes that made me feel like i was watching an episode of dawson creek or smallville because there were quite a few scenes with songs playing while showing how sad or troubled a character was.  i really wish they had cut that out because it had no point and made the movie drag out even longer than it should have.  ..the only good thing about the movie was the acting especially from the three female leads.  i actually thought hannigan and kinski had chemistry together. i would only recomend this movie to die hard buffy fans or if you're a die hard fan of another actor in this film and then you should only rent it.
alyson saves the day."rip it off" is not an easy film to watch. in short, it is dull and meanders from plot line to plot line, leaving only the most attentive viewer (read: myself) to guess at what was going to happen next. but not in a good way. judging from its drab look and unimaginatively shot scenes, not to mention a script whose dialogue borders on the absurd, it never ceases to amaze me how it managed to attract such well-known and talented personalities as alyson hannigan and jennifer esposito. it begs the question: why did you do this film? or, on a personal note, why did i buy this film, especially at $22 and change? frankly, i bought it because of alyson hannigan: she's gorgeous, obviously intelligent, and the girl can act. individually speaking, she does not disappoint here. it's obvious that she really didn't want to sleep walk through her role as lexi, and she gives the other actors a lot of material to work with. although the silly musical leitmotifs seem deliberately crafted to undermine her scenes, she is a singularly interesting actor to watch, and her performance simply wants me to see her do more, preferably a more mature and fully fleshed out character in a serious film (see jennifer aniston in her brave performance in "the good girl.")but enough gushing: if ms. hannigan had not been as engaged, i would have trashed her soundly. most everyone else in "rip it off" (with the possible exception of the fellow who plays sergei with operatic relish) is more or less "phoning it in" when they do their scenes. this made me lack any kind of sympathy for them in addition to making me sleepy. also, films of such low production value should come with a printed warning of some sort: beware! do not adjust your screen; the appearance of the film is inherently bad. "rip it off" and films of its ilk give independent filmmaking a black eye. i've seen black and white student films with greater intrigue and atmosphere than this turkey. and, contrary to the technical description of the dvd, it is presented in the horror that is full screen, and not widescreen. can you believe people invest money in these films? (ahem.
technical difficulties make this edition difficult to watch."greatest film ever made" it may be. true, the restoration was lovingly done. however, for whatever reason, the subtitles are in white on a black and white film. when the background is black, you as viewer are in luck. but when the background id white... sufice it to say that unless you speak french you are going to have a very frustrating time watching this criterion edition of the film. a word of warning
film student work.my impression watching this turkey was that it had to be the work of a film student desperately trying to impress some artsy instructor. it's all style, no substance. i got the vague impression that there was a story somewhere in this mess of flashbacks, long slow camara pans across stephen dorff's very trendy and stylish haircut, and yelling matches with side characters whose only function seems to be to have someone to yell with. despite the very art-house feel of it, the story is lost, the viewer is never quite sure if the "philosophy" of the main character is meant to be taken seriously, and the style is nothing we haven't seen done better other places...all in all, i found it pretty vapid, painfully slow, and incredibly frustrating, because there is a good movie in here somewhere, if only the script had gone to someone else to make...on a side note, toby maguire shows up for a little while as a stoned out of his mind loser, which was a bit of a trip given where his career eventually went
what a stupid movie.i really thought this was pretty lame movie, and in no way a comparrison to reservoir dogs or pulp fiction the way one reviewer described.  the attempt is to tell a story about some kid, played by stephen dorff, who becomes a pop-culture icon because he was held hostage and apparently didn't care.  at least thats what i got out of it.  i think what turned me off the most about this movie was dorff's character--an "uber-cool" rebel type who's mean to his apparently oppresive father and cry-baby of a mother, slam dances and tears up his room (i guess to prove to us how cool he is), and who can get in front of an audience of high school kids and proudly cuss for no other reason then he'll know it'll get laughs.  in real life someone like that would be considered a slacker or an (...), but for the case of this movie i guess he's cool.  anyway, my problems with the character aside, this movie just wasn't that good to begin with.  a really weak script, and i swear each of these leading actors could have, and have done, about ten times better since, so i wonder why the only put in half the effort for this one.  maybe they knew it wasn't going anywhere and needed the paycheck.  as cool and revolutionary it tries to be, s.f.w. doesn't really do anything all that spectacular. the gun battle at the end with the terrorists, as well as the movie's protrayal of the media are the best (and really only good) things about this movie.  but, most of you kiddies out there will probably like it because it has people cussing and drinking beer.  but that's just my opinion, i could be wrong
eh, seen better, seen worse.not a whole heck of a lot happens in the 90 minute film in which a woman wanders through the streets of paris as she anxiously awaits a medical appointment at which she will receive the results of a test.  she buys a hat, meets up with a friend, talks a walk in the park etc.  the events all unfold in real time and the early 60's mostly black and white cinematography is nothing short of gorgeous but on the whole this one comes across a little too self consciously arty for its own good.  nice, at times, but hardly profound. perhaps this was more compelling back in 1962...2 1/2 stars
eugenie: the story of her jump into perversion.i seem to have only gotten the cliff notes on my dvd and not the story...innocent eugenie is take to an island by a rich couple who do business with her father.  he knows they are interested in exploiting her for sexual purposes but they promise nothing too strong...well, they constantly drug eugenie through her drinks and the wife starts the "journey into perversion" by having them bath and wash together...there are a few steps but very few indeed and soon eugenie is happily involved in satanic rituals and removing body parts from participants...what kind of story is this?  eugenie doesn't take much to be corrupted.  we don't see much conflict or the psychology of any transformation.   it all just happens.  i don't see any convincing story of a seduction into this huge personality change at all...i really don't know what people see in this film and how it gets such great reviews.  i guess when the "erotic" scenes are red and blurred, this causes people to feel it is sophisticated camera work and film style and are impressed by it...instead of being a journey into perversion, innocent eugenie jumps right into satanic rituals with no explanation.  i don't see anything compelling about this at all
cuh-rap.some talented dvd editor should take the latest 3 movies, and cut out the dumb scenes (about 75% of each movie) and put them all together to make one decent movie
too kid-friendly.i think the only strong points of "the phantom menace" is darth maul and the lightsaber duals, which i thought were well done, and the visual effects and scenery.  but other than that, "the phantom menace" was just an unfortunate mistake.  ..i think the problem is that lucas broke one of the unofficial science fiction filmmaking rules: you've-got-to-keep-children-out-of-science fiction-stories.  or at least show them as little as possible.  how can we take a space dogfight scene seriously when you have a little kid who doesn't know how to pilot a fighter, buzzing all around the battle and saying things like "this is intense?"  i never understood why they felt they had to go that far back into anakin's life anyway.  why not just begin the story with anakin in his twenties and already under the tutelage of obi-wan?  that's when all the important events began.  and jar jar, well, we know the consensus on him...well, at least things got more serious again in "attack of the clones," and would continue to improve with "revenge of the sith.
the bad, the ugly, and (yes) the good.what the hell happened to lucas?..how could he go from a wordy but brilliant writer/director to a creator of this dross?  in recent years, i've decided that i've been too harsh on my initial views of "phantom" (i guess seeing where he was finally going in "sith" made me appreciate the little things in here more), however, this reassessment has not made me decide this film was in any shape "good" or measured up to "star wars."..where to begin?  well, let's start with the bad.  lucas has obviously fallen in love with what can be done with cgi.  the special effects in here, like the trial balloon effects he did in the reedited first trilogy, are breathtaking.  he seemed to forget, however, that jaw-dropping vistas and lifelike illusions are no replacement for characters we care about and plot that actually make sense.  a lot of people blame poor jake lloyd for being a bad anakin, but he was all of 8 when "phantom" was made.  it was also his first major movie.  a good director can make a zucchini passable and a child actor good.  lucas dropped the ball with him, though, and without proper mentoring, he probably felt like a real-life dorothy dropped in an oz not of his own making...oh, yes, let's not leave out the dialogue.  lucas has been known for his "wordy" characters, but here we go over the top with whole technobabble soliloqueys about "midichlorians" and the sith "having (their) revenge" with no subtext, no connection with any past that an "extended universe" virgin would undertand.  and the hints of racism that permeate the whole production (the "chinee waiter" trade fed leader neomoideans were only a start) hint at darker things to come, such as jar jar binks...ah, jar jar binks.  the ugly.  entire books have been written trying to surmise just what the hell lucas was thinking when he put this stepinfechit/mushmouth lovechild so prominently in an important chapter of his story.  i have to admit that the cgi on him was first-rate - he really seemed to be with the human characters - yet he really was a horrorshow, as he mirrored all those happy, bouncing "house negro" characters so prominent in '30s film.  one has to wonder what photos of ahmad best lucas has in his office safe to make him go along (and defend in interview after interview) with bringing binks to shuffling "mesa okey-day boyos" life.  and i was unfair to bill cosby's beloved character by comparing him with binks, but really, doesn anyone even know what the heck he's saying?  even lucas probably isn't sure...after all that crapping on "phantom" (sorry if it was a bit much, but when i saw it in the cinema, i had such high hopes for it and they were bitterly shot down in flames, so it's hard to be kind), you'll probably wonder just what i see "good" in it.  well, actually, quite a lot - not "whole film" quantities, but enough to keep me from attempting to leave a "zero" as my rating.  i can't deny the beauty of lucas's worlds, even the desolate tattoine, and he really knows how to create action sequences (the lightsabre duels and podrace sequence did recapture some of my childhood "wow").  the occasional bit of slapstick does bring a giggle to me, when they're not overused (too many flatulence/gas gags).  but what saves the film is the cast.  and what a cast it is - ewan macgregor as a youthful obi-wan, liam neeson as the grumpy-yet-caring qui-gon, and the beautiful natalie portman as padme'.  brilliant and able to make us care about our folks despite - not because of - lucas's hackwork...so, the bottom-line; is it essential?  i'd have to say, very-reluctantly, yes.  we get to see the development of a sarcastic apprentice obi-wan and know he wasn't always all-wise.  we get to see qui-gon bucking the jedi system and showing a depth of compassion for his charges we'd need another half-hour of film time anywhere else (and with anyone else other than neeson).  and we get to see the last, painful moments of innocence from anakin skywalker (please, again, give young jake a break.  i thought he did well with what he had) before the coming fall
where the hell is the story? the plot? the characer development? where the hell is it?.the summer of 1999, aged 15, was the day i felt my innocence shattered. i had so greatly been looking forward to this film and was so excited to have a star wars i could call my own (as in made in my generation) only to find out that it was a piece of garbage full of bad/flat, lifeless acting, a story full of plotholes and inconsistencies with the original trilogy and enough cgi to make your eyes bleed...the actors, including heavy weights like liam neeson and samuel l. jackson, up and comers natalie portman, and gradually progressing into leading man status ewan mcgregor, are all wasted here. neeson, mcgregor and jackson are ok but ok is all they are, but they don't stand out at all, nor does portman. all i can say of jake lloyd is that he looks like he's having fun. then there's jar jar binks, argh. what was lucas thinking? and poor darth maul got killed before we had a chance to get to know him...but what's most offensive of all, aside from the lifeless/passionless acting, are the continuity errors. all these years we were led to believe that obi-wan (mcgregor) risked a lot to make anakin a jedi knight, but here obi-wan's little more than a 2nd banana lurking in the background, while qui-gon jinn (neeson) is at the front line doing what he can to get anakin ahead, and it's just wrong. that was what hurt me the most, the fact that the film wasn't about obi-wan, that it didn't adhere to previous star wars history...and episode 2, alas, isn't that big of an improvement
a lot of potential.this movie has a good plot, great acting, and potrays a very convincing relationship between a hardened young man and a girl whose combonation of strength and purity touches his heart and redirects the course of his life. i did like that they seemed to really know and understand each other, but was dissapointed in the sexual inuendos, the profanity, the undermining of parental authority, and the lack of closure concerning landon's journey to faith. it is evedent that this movie is directed to a less-than-mature-audience. i saw more bad in it than good, which is sad since it could have been such an outstanding movie
for this very reason, one star.i copied and pasted the bottom of this from another reviewer here.   i have not seen this dvd, but thanks to this person for not wasting my money.   for some dunb ass reason people that film so many shows do not get it!  we fans do not want to see a bunch of camera shots back and forth of the crowd!!  who, pray tell, when they are at a concert in person spends a bunch of time looking around the fans and not the show??? get it yet??  doh!  simple!  keep the cameras on the show!  and dont change from one camera to another every 5 seconds!  that pisses me off too to no end.   learn this, watch roger waters dvd in the flesh, learn learn learn!!!!!!!!!!..the concert was recorded with many camera perspectives although ned o'hanlon said in an @u2.com interview that the expenses on that show were just a small fraction compared to the expenses for recording the boston show. the spirit of the entire show is captured very well, shots from and of the audience are used very often and reflect its enthusiasm
not a good intro into tai chi.i feel a bit releived after reading some of the reviews on here.  i thought i was too uncoordinated to get this down, but the left to right on this dvd is really confusing. once i get messed up, there's no getting it back.  i do not recommend this for anyone who is just starting out.  it's not easy to pick up the flow.  he goes from showing you the name of the movement and how to it, to telling you to mix them all together by name.  i'm sorry, but when i am learning a movement, i can't remember what to do after only being told once.  i am paying more attention to the movements and doing them correctly than i am to the names of them! i'm just left frustrated and wondering which dvd i should start with instead
confused 2.i totally agree with red hatter ..the intructor says one thing while he's doing another its confusingadn im not even sure which way is the right way now..
spins its wheels real hard, but doesn't make much progress.i had my doubts about this film when it came out and now that i've finally seen it i know why:  it's manipulative and unrealistic.  penn does a decent job playing sam, the mentally handicapped single-father.  pfeiffer's not bad as his high-priced, high-strung lawyer.  but neither can save the script from its pitfalls, namely, an unrealistic portrayal of a grown man with the mind of a seven year old.  none of the characters come of seeming like real people so much as types. even his daughter (the annoying fanning) is more hollywood precociousness about her than real-life childlike qualities. more time seems to have been spent on product placement that developing the story and characters.  the saving grace is the slight ambiguity of the ending; i thought for sure they'd settle for the cheap, easy ending just as they settled for the cheap and easy everywhere else in the film
try not to compare it to the book.....jonathan safran foer's book is a truly literary work and this movie is not a book. and, as many have already said in amazon's ratings, this movie is not like foer's book.  it is, unfailingly, cinema and with that in mind it should be judge upon cinematic criteria. thus, although i will grant the impressive visual beauty of this movie (the cinematographer captures an oddity, serenity, and disturbance) i cannot agree with those who give it high marks.  the plot is sparse, as is much of the character development.  i am especially disappointed with the portrayal of alex and his grandfather.  i found myself empathizing little with the grandfather or alex in the movie's final dramatic scenes.  the grandfather's emotional turmoil seems underdeveloped as does alex's reaction to his grandfather's action.  morevover, the parallels between the jsf character and the ukranian characters seem forced.  the only things they share are contrived connections in the narrative's backstory.  overall, i felt untouched by this movie.  and one last note, why is it even called "everything is illuminated?"  that title illuminates little within the movie
fatalism, responsibility, blame others, for one's own life....when i sit down in the theater to watch a film i start with a neutral rating of zero so that the movie itself can then take me up the star rating, or down.  i rate differently than most.  i do it, for my purposes, in a much better way.  trust me.  you should try it. start out neutral then be mutable.  go up or down with your rating as the movie progresses.  at the end of the day you will come up with what is a personally more accurate composite rather than a final, less step-by-step derived method of judgment.  if only waiting until the end to state your case, much of your case cannot be stated. you will come up with a more accurate impression if the film is evaluated as you go. very important also, is the type of rating.  never limit yourself to the typical zero-to-five star confinement.  always allow yourself a much more realistic range of from a minus ten stars, up to a plus ten stars, or at the very least, a negative five up ten to a plus five stars.  you will like it better, personally.  you know very well you have seen a movie where zero stars is simply not low enough...this movie:  i generally have a difficult time recovering up into the plus-star level on my movie score card rating, back into the positive rating category, when i consider the overall rating ultimately given, when in the first few minutes i am abused by a movie in the way this one burnt.  it is not a good sign, or indicator of good quality to come, when a deranged, icky creep in his underwear comes out of the bathroom in someone else's house, screeches, shoots the lead actor in the gut then commits suicide after blithering back into the bathroom.  it wasn't scary.  it wasn't a harbinger of great things to come.  it was just crude, offensive and a cheap way to get intellectually challenged viewers to want more. right off the bat this is a gross, totally classless way to abuse a captive audience paying for, hopefully a well thought out storyline, artfully delivered.  the art of movie making was sacrificed in favor of a blood and guts in your face introduction.  sitting with my wife i told her, within five minutes of the opening curtain, that b. willis "was one of them."  she waited until near the end and asked me how i knew that so soon.  "well, my first clue," i says, "was when he (willis) was shot dead on his own bed by the underwear-guy with the concave chest during the offensive first scene, just before he splattered his own blood and brains all over the bathroom as far out into the bedroom as possible."  think about it:  from that opening scene on willis did not interact with anyone the way normal people interact, even if one stretches reality in order to conceive the acceptance. subsequent interactions were not right and very obviously so.  now, don't misunderstand.  i have seen many films that are filled with all kinds of gritty gore and head squashing.  this particular film was so low class in its attempt to shock the viewers that it was simply disgusting. ..believe it or not, the classless opening is not the main reason upon which i rate this movie a minus nine stars.  the reason is this: the single most predominant cause of my disliking this film is philosophical in nature.  that is, i do not like any message that implies that we, ourselves, are not responsible for what affects our lives.  everyone would love to get off easy for their own actions that have led to poor conditions within which they themselves find. yielding the responsibility for our behavior, and course of our lives,  blaming our own individual predicaments on other forces, by us uncontrollable and subject to another force, or entity, is the biggest excuse for self produced bad circumstances that mankind has ever used, the most often used, that is.  uneducated people, those that haven't been around, haven't traveled, are not well-read, do not see or hear or care to understand the world and their place in it, hoping to blame something else for their resultant condition, they eat this up.  it is too frightening for them to face their action's consequences so just love to excuse themselves from their own equation catalyzed by this type of tripe.  the completely erroneous idea that what will be will be or what will happen happens is rooted in certain, "eastern philosophies," based on the idea that man is inconsequential in his own environment and might just as well not try to improve his own conditions since what is gong to be will be no matter what.  the "western philosophy of life", where what happens to us depends a great deal upon how hard we work at being and becoming what we want to be, is the main reason those cultures seeing the world and life and our place in it in that way, that are light years ahead of societies which have been around for thousands of years longer.  if water is not delivered by pipes directly into our homes then it was not meant to be, and why fight what is meant to be?  if sewage is not drained from our homes by pipes to be deposited in recycling plants then it is useless for us to change what is into what might be better since it is the way it is since what is, is. what results of this approach, if these views of life are taken as unalterable facts, is that no motivation exists to stop from lazily sitting and watching life go by being what it will be.  this film sends a message that other forces make puppets out of us, so our screw ups are not our blame. that's a bad way to approach life.     bad.    even if the premise of this film is accepted, the positive reasons for the sixth sense to exist at all were left on the cutting room floor.  the examples of the workings of the mechanism that might even slightly imply why things were ok to be the way the film portrayed were left out.  go figure.  one could lie to himself with that assumption, albeit erroneous, if why what was the main theme of the movie had been even somewhat justified.
really really bad.this movie is so bad. it is just about a annoying valley girl blonde who is rich and has tons of friends and who has no real problems. the only people who like this movie are the ones who wished they were the main character, a pea brained airheaded ditz who has no redeeming qualities. the movie tries hard to invent new "teen speak" with tons of lame catch phrases that unfortunately caught on with some unpopular kids who liked the movie so much, they tried to sound like the shallow empty headed spoiled main characters even though most of the movie's fans live the life nowhere close to cher's and look nothing like her but they want to pretend. the movie hits you with these lame catch phrases every 15 seconds, desprate to beat you over the head with them. in the movie, the main character, cher thinks she is too good for the boys in her high school but then she ends up with someone who is pratically a relative to her. nasty! she is really arrogant for someone whose realtionship should be jerry springer. she's supposed to be a posh valley girl but at the end, she's like ella may clampet going after jethro when all her resources for finding a man runs out.
buy the wrong dvd.although a lot of people said it is good, this dvd may not attract other people. what i am looking for is a beautiful song. but the title and the cover of this dvd is much more beautiful than the concert. i think i bought the wrong dvd. ..i couldn't conclude the music is not good. it is just not my style. it may be amazing for many incubus fans...to me, i just feel the dvd is very noisy. when you place the order, please check on the web about the incubus and make sure you understand you are going to buy...enjoy it
why oh why?.let me start by saying the first movie of the series was absolutely fantastic. regardless of the fact that it didn't stick with a few key plotlines in the book, everyone still did a great job adapting the original jurassic park. then came this piece of trash.....whereas the first movie at least attempted to loosely base itself on the book, this one just takes the brilliant writing of michael chrichton and throws it directly out the window. ..first off, john hammond is supposed to be dead. he dies at the end of the first novel. secondly ian malcome is supposedly dead, or at least mia at the end of the first book, and we join him in a costarican hospital in the opening of the 2nd. there is no bratty daughter, and the entire premise has much more to it...most importantly... the entire ending in san diego with the t-rex... which was possibly the worst conceived plot line in the history of movies... did not exist in the book! ..i went into this movie expecting a tightly woven plot, a huge concentration on the conspiracy of having such an island exist, and the anticipation of some good dino-scenes to top it off..what i ended up getting was the writing equivalent of a monkey at a typewriter drooling on a page. not only that... but because of the lack of plot, the dino scenes are complete over-kill. when you see so much of it, you lose that awe and wonder of the first film. when you see that brachiosaur in the first 20 mins of the original film, the wonderment is difficult to rival. there are no such moments in this film...if you're looking for a quick fix for decent looking dino fx, go nuts. however, if you're looking for something more substantial with an actual plotline, flick off the dvd player and pick up the book...oh and one more thing... don't go near the 3rd movie. they didn't even have a book to be untrue to. i can't imagine how much more long-winded and rambling my review would be for that one
what a letdown!.i love jeff goldblum, but he didn't carry this film. the film was ruined for me the second julane moore (yuck!) and the ridiculous, lame token black daughter of goldblum showed up no doubt to satisfy nauseating political correctness in hollywood all at the expense of this bust of a film. it's obviously too much to ask for a white protagonist to actually have a white daughter. what a concept. it just added to the disbelief of the characters (stay goldblum), the storyline, and the ultimate letdown of this much anticipated sequel. jurassic park iii wasn't much better
stealthily bad.i've had the opportunity to watch the movie stealth over the past week...it was on tv here. otherwise, i don't think i would have watched it...my instincts would have been correct...an action technothriller, stealth has a predictable plot. a new elite team of 3 good-looking pilots gets a new wingman on their first mission in the field: an artificially intelligent stealth aircraft which picks up the bad habits of the 3 pilots, including a disrespect for authority. mayhem ensues. people die. the leaqd pilot develops a relationship with the artificial intelligence, and they work together to save the female pilot, who's gone down in north korea...the plot, direction, and acting combine together to produce performances from the 3 leads (josh lucas, jessica biel, jamie foxx) that are about as wooden as their electronic counterpart...i'm sure that people went to see this because of the 3 beautiful leads, and came away disappointed. me? i was expecting little, so i guess my expectations were met...though i will say i was amused by the last line
ranks up there with the worst action movies..this movie had some good potental in the opening, after that, it looses all grip on everything, the plot of the movie is based on a new jsf style creation fighter fa-37, and a new vtol controlled artificially by a "ai", one thing leads to another the "ai" goes haywire during a lighting storm, it starts acting on it's own to destroy "threats" one thing leads to another their in tajikistan setting off dirty nuclear weapons, north korea, russia for absoulutly no reason breaking numerus international laws, at one point in the movie, the star of the movie "falon 1" helps destroy intercepting fighters with the "ai" whois hes ment to track down breaking a bunch of laws himself, and is treated like a hero at the end...it's a backwards movie, don't watch it, please don't
the fun is stealthiest of all....they call it brainless fun, but it's not even fun.  yes, "stealth" is that not-rare-enough bad movie that's actually so bad, it's no fun.  it starts out bad from the beginning - with an on-screen title sequence dating this film "in the near future", which should trip alarms for anybody whose ever watched an episode of "mystery science theater 3000".  the heroes of our story - three pilots assigned to fly hyper-tech us fighters called "talons" - are reluctantly joined by a fourth pilot, a robotic fighter jet called edi.  trouble starts immediately when edi develops an acute case of self-awareness and faster than you can say "i'm sorry dave, i really can't do that", edi is ignoring orders and raising all sorts of havoc.  it's hard to get more specific without ruining the plot...because there really isn't any plot.  the story we see on the screen hints at several different plot-ideas that never form into a single story - we have the plot about stopping "crazy edi"; the plot about the evil admiral played by sam shepard who will do anything he can to keep the lid on edi when he goes bad; we have jessica biel as a fighter pilot running from the bad guys after she's shutdown over north korea; then we have josh lucas as the other talon pilot whose on the run from some goons who are trying to...oh, who cares?  none of these plots go anywhere...but what about them effex?? "stealth" offers us hours of aerial dogfighting in unsurpassed cgi - unsurpassed because the movie demonstrates that there are some things that simply can't be left to computer animation.  even though they're next generation aircraft, the f/a-37 talon fighters never convincingly look like any airplanes, and the aerial effects here look little more believable than those done over 20 years ago in "firefox" or "deal of the century", or nowadays on any flight simulator game run on any desktop-pc.  the effects compound the error by maximizing use of "impossible shots" - shots that couldn't be seen by a human perspective, such as those that cut across the sky and directly inside the subject aircraft - it's a clever shot, but not a terrible smart one (they never stop reminding us that these are effects).  it's probably too much effort to explain that even elite fighter pilots don't want to be confused by a flight panel that suddenly starts broadcasting real-time images of a bunch of terrorists sitting down as if for a cnn foto-op, or that none of the pilots come off as even casual aviators.  "stealth" is one of those mindless movies that effete snobbish reviewers like to blame on teenage boys, but this flick lost a ton of money (stealthy profits) which is only strong proof that the monster audience of mindless boys is itself a delusion of these frustrated critics and studio execs, or even stronger proof that those mindless teenage boys may be smarter than anybody realizes
7 out of 100. horrible..q, the winged serpent was one of the worst movies i have even seen. i went into the film knowing it was a "b movie", but still wanting to be entertained. i was not entertained. ..for a 1982 film, the gore in q, the winged serpent, probably shocked quite a few people. there is also a [...] scene that is quite enticing. but aside from these two points of note, the film offered little else, including entertainment...the acting was passable, but of course with such a dull story and script to flesh out, the ok acting goes to waste...save your money. this is one of the worst movies ever made. there are far better b movies. it is the type of movie i would have liked in college in 1987, if i had been drunk and looking for laughs. but this is 2006, and there are better bad movies with better gore and nudity. you won't like q, the winged serpent, at all. even for the drunk college student, there are far better ways to spend 90 minutes. stay away...total score (out of 100) = 7..2 (out of 50). enjoyment. a rating based on my overall enjoyment of the film..4 (out of 10). acting. how good was the acting?.1 (out of 10). immersion. did the movie suck me into the story?.0 (out of 10). intangibles. special effects. movie pace. is the movie forgettable, or something you will talk about and remember for weeks? years? .0 (out of 10). must see. is this movie worth seeing/renting?.0 (out of 10). must buy. is this movie a must buy/purchase
has not aged well..q (larry cohen, 1982)..i have very fond memories of seeing this as a teen, and rented it for the purpose of giving it another look though older eyes. unfortunately, to say q hasn't aged well is being quite kind...quetzalcoatl, the title character, is a very large bird/serpent who's flying around new york eating people who find themselves in high places. at least, he might be quetzalcoatl (an aztec god). or he might just be a big mutant. no one knows. more to the point, no one seems to be overly surprised that there is a large flying serpent picking off new yorkers. the cops assigned to the case, shepard (david carradine) and powell (richard roundtree), certainly take things in stride. the commissioner (malachy mccourt, frank's brother) is the only one who expresses any sort of normal reaction to the events-- disbelief...while the big bird and the cops are the meat of the story, its actual core is jimmy quinn (a young michael moriarty), a small-time crook who's run afoul of some tough characters through no real fault of his own. jimmy's odd relationship with the monster could have turned this into a wonderful psychological thriller, and there are glimmers of that sort of thing, but the script never follows through. q has more the feel of a quickie monster flick-- none of the storylines is explored much beyond the surface, the special effects are alarmingly (and hysterically) low-budget, and the characters, were they to stand still, could often substitute for props. ..but, hey, it's got a big flying lizard. that's something. *
neither horrible nor actually good, "q" is just sort of "there".this is much more interesting as a visual chronicle of 1982 new york (there are generous aerial views, lots of location shooting, etc.) than as a horror movie, even a cheesy one.  the special effects are used extremely sparingly, with the word "special" being a definite overstatement.  some amusing performances somewhat redeem the proceedings, but not by much.  in the end, "q, the winged serpent" is watchable and certainly not horribly bad, but it's hard to imagine this being anybody's favorite horror movie or even guilty pleasure.  to end on a positive note, the dvd features a clean, sharp print of the film.
a silly juvenile film.  a pseudointellectual piece of nonsense..whoever made this film is obviously trying to impress upon the viewer the idea that artists are deep complex people.  but all i see in the film are low life drug addict losers who sit around (few of them seem to have jobs) and party all day.  the main character (sid) is a pseudointellectual who claims she majored in critical theory in college (ultra liberal nonsense which has the goal of undermining western culture to pave the pathway for marxism).  the film appeals to naive youth
too loud.when the background music completely overpowers the dialogue, you may as well turn it off.  the background music was piercing and i needed to have the remote in hand to keep adjusting the volume.  not everyone has perfect hearing and shows with overwhelming background music are becoming the norm.  a shame because otherwise i could have enjoyed crash
awesome movies, but way too expensive..awesome movies, but way too expensive for the product itself...   first, i bought it at a reduced priced, since it was left sitting on a shelve collecting dust for a few years in the store.  they dropped the price from a initial $200 can (around $150 u.s.), to $149 can (around $110 u.s.), and that was the cheapest price i could find it in my city and by far.  a few of the stores told me that their cost was around $149 can, so it was able to buy it at around cost.  considering that, it was a bargain, so i got lucky to start with...  now the movies, they are awesome, and after watching them all in two days, i felt sad, sad at hollywood and the current level of movie making, after tasting a piece of history, with movies that are deep, funny, either deals with issues (seven samurai and hidden fortress) or don't (yojimbo and sanjuro), they are all movie gems.  but we can also be realistic here, seven samurai in my opinion is the real champion in this set, it has everything, it's epic, yet personal, it's deep, yet sometime funny, but always powerful and superb...  now to the quality of the disk, that where it's hard to tell, these are old movies.   but something struck me as odd, seven samurai (7s), was done around 10 yrs before yojimbo and sanjuro but looks and sound better, obviously, they cleaned it out a little before putting it to dvd, but then, if yojimbo and sanjuro where made 10 yrs later, someone should expect at least a equal quality, if not better then the 7s, but it's not the case, especially yojimbo is painful to watch, the sound track has a loud background hiss for at least half of the movie, scratches as big as a straw that last a full min multiple times, the contrast and brightness is out of wack in half the scenes, it's a painful experience, you tell yourself how great the movie is, but is it ever ugly to watch...  so far i would give it 4 stars, why then i give it 2?..  it's down to price vs quality and extras. no extras what so ever beside the theater trailer of each movie, and a commentary track for 7s, then nothing.  so criterion in my mind had two choice, drop the price to 1/3 to 1/2 of what it is now, or pick a better original copy to bring on dvd, clean it, and add extras, selling it to the same price it is now, but they did neither.  they used for yojimbo, a terribly copy, add nothing, and charge full criterion price, bad !!! so in the end, one fell like being robbed by ronins.  in my case, i wanted to see those movies, and own 7s and this box set was the only way to go about doing this, and in the end, i praise the movie, the acting, the story, the camera work, everything, except criterion dvd who brought those movies it north america, they dropped the ball on this one...  so 0 stars for criterion and there dvd product (in this case) and 4 stars for the movie themselves so my end review is 2 stars
unnecessarily epic....after 40 minutes of objective viewing, and shot after superfluous shot, i sat through another 30 minutes in pain. i've come to the fairly well informed conclusion that either peter jackson can only do epics wheather it calls for it or not, or lotr in all it's incarnations had immense levels of supervision for jacksons from higher-ups. kong is not an epic, it is a tragedy. tell me to watch the whole thing, if you will, but if the film is constructed so poorly 70 minutes in, i don't need to. on another note. jurassic park had better cgi than this. mr. jackson, no more 'epic fly-by shots please.
awful.the depression era introduction was the best part of this movie as another reviewer mentioned. from the moment they reached king kong's island the movie quickly spiraled to a painful viewing experience. i felt no sympathy for the big stupid ape. how can anyone feel anything for king kong? he keeps a village hostage to a tiny part of an island, forces them to provide him sacrificial women, and tortures the female star of the movie. it seems so ridiculous that she ends up liking king kong. the villains of the movie were my heroes. i kept hoping they would succeed in killing him so the pain of this awful movie would end
very poor quality dvd.love the movie, but the quality of the dvd put out by alpha video was so bad it was very difficult to watch. the sound was scratchy and muffled and the picture looked as if the brightness was turned all the way up. if you don't want to be disappointed and feel like you've been ripped off, wait for the remastered cut before you buy this one
wonderful film but poor dvd quality.i bought the dvd with this artwork out of a dollar bin and i got what i paid for. the image is fuzzy and the audio is of poor quality. this must have been taken from a 16mm print. it may be that this film is in public domain, so it may be difficult to find a decent quality dvd. there are many issues of this film so you would do better to try one of the other dvd issues. note: amazon seems to spread these reviews across dvds of the same title, so you may see this review under multiple dvd releases of "meet john doe".  the poor quality dvd that i bought has a cover that looked like this: [...
meet john doe.i purchased this dvd a while ago - fyi - a documentary of the anaconda was in the case and not the movie.  i went to the web site to complain and my profile could not be found.  here, years later, when i'm finally placing another through amazon they found my account and noted that i purchased meet john doe.  i guess it's a little late to complain now
do the right thing...avoid this movie.i would not go so far as to say this movie is terrible. i would say it is self-important, immature, obvious, and overwhelmingly one-sided.  it seems spike lee does not believe there are any white people alive who are not either stupid, racist, phony, or downright evil.  i had a bad feeling about this movie as it started off with 4 1/2 minutes of a sleazy looking woman having a seizure accompanied by bad music. then 4 minutes of an inane morning dj spouting a string of unconnected meaningless words.  lee had his moments, but it was pretty much a 2-hour music video..spike lee doesn't mess with fantasy, only with reality and his reality is black and white. it is infact fantasy, and pure propaganda
it's a shame.i have to admit that i didn't like this movie very much. it shows tom cruise's domestic circumstances but this subplot doesn't seem to be woven well with the rest of the movie.
wow, another steamy pile from spielberg and cruise.sorry, after minority report, which actually looked great compared to this performance of cruise, i didn't think it could get worse...yeah, it did.  i didn't rank a one because it was a classic story, and the action was ok at times, but crazy cruise was just a stinker in it. i just didn't care for his performance.  i can't help expecting every time tom cruise opens his mouth to expect to hear "show me the money".   i was hoping spielberg would have cast an unknown in this spot, or someone that could look a bit more grubby, more manly, cruise still looks like a kid.  definitely not the original radio brodcast.  tim robins did a fair job, i would have liked to see him in the main character roll than cruise. catch this one on tv, hbo or something, or rent it if you must, just not my collection type movie though. i know my review is taking a beating, but i just didn't care for this movie
nick cage in a bad role.nicky cage was not very good in this cinematic decomplishment, as he turns  in a horrible acting job in this dull and boring movi
what a waste of time!.well, that's part of my life i'll never get back!  i can't figure out why this movie got such great reviews; i was totally bored by it.  don't waste your time; there are a lot of other movies out there that are better than this junk
... and the stars aren't for coogan and anderson.....one of the types of film i hate the most are precious conceits by film people about themselves at work. this is far less about the story in ts than it is a twee take on how clever they were trying to film it. skip this. buy the book, and read it, of course, and get a sense of where thomas pynchon might have first conceived his style..essentially this is a brit take on the same ideas visited by truffaut in "day for night." the core movie is different, but it's the same story. and while from a certain perspective you might say it's in the spirit of ts, in point of fact, ts could have been any book about which they were making an underfunded film. quel surprise! the best of the movie, for me was the brief dialogue anderson engages in with rob brody, and the blackened screen, i.e. my 2 stars. coogan looks like he wants to get out of this film as quickly as possible. most of the others aren't sure if they are in the film or in the accompanying "making of..." disc. and for the record, i never bothered with the other disc. what for?
awfully...*yawn*.(yup...it's that dc hating teen on her dad's account)..although gg is possibly one my favorite television series, i was disappointed with this one. ..possibly no character development, except maybe lorelai. ..jared padalecki's annoyingly routine guest spots as married/in-denial/sleazball chump cheater dean forrester gets on my last nerve. i could smack rory for sleeping with him, and ruining his fated marriage...meanwhile, lorelai becomes almost ditzy. her relationship with jason stiles gets quite boring. she's totally oblivious to luke's obvious infatuation with her. ..emily and richard's seperation is the best part...watching them bicker is funny...the end kiss with luke/lorelai is the best part...otherwise...don't get it
too self-aware and self-indulgent to be real fun.what can you say about "dead  breakfast"?  i picked this up at the store not knowing much about it other than it had a cute title, clever holographic packaging, a few decent reviews and a young, appealing cast.  i can say that the charms, unfortunately, of the actual film are relatively limited.  pretty standard fare, really--i didn't necessarily dislike it--i just felt that it was so obvious in its intention...this film wants to be cool.  it was designed to (hopefully) be a cult classic.  it wants you to revel in its self-aware kookiness.  but that's just the problem.  taking its cues from so many better movies, this is a self-indulgent and unoriginal mess.  the cast and filmmakers seem to be having a good time--you know this was a party set.  it seems as if they feel that they are doing us a great service by letting us in on the joke.  well, i've heard the joke--so don't do me any favors...i'm not saying that there aren't some amusing moments--how can you fail with redneck zombies?  and musical numbers are always fun.  and the tv-ready cast will be familiar to many, even if you can't always place from where...the movie imagines that it's "evil dead 2," but it lacks real cleverness.  it works slightly better as a comedy than anything else, but it's hard for me to imagine anyone being captivated by this
to be and to have dvd.unfortunately the dvd i received was a region 1 dvd, and could not be played i denmark, which i informed you about, and after som exchanges of mail you very kindly arranged a refund to my account of the purchase price and i have bought the same dvd from another source, although i probably could have bought a usable dvd from amazon in the uk, but this information was never relayed to me. i only have to live with the cost of importing the dvd into denmark, about the purchase value of the dvd, but every experience costs money, normally..so thank you for your service in this matter..best regards.peter daugbjer
yet another boring french documentary on an otherwise interesting topic..i found this film simply irritating...i can't think why it should be "required viewing" like some reviewers claim. maybe for those who are into teaching, who absolutely love kids and for those who do rural sociology (i must be forgetting some other trade)...but for most of us, it only shows how difficult it must be to teach very young kids. and how vital that role is. as kim anehall puts so well in amazon: "to be and to have offers some true insights on the job as teachers should be regarded as everyday heroes in the last line of defense in a developing society"...i think that the director philibert never "scrapes below the surface" of the teaching process itself, leaving us instead with plain empiria. and the "lessons" seems staked, like if mr. lopez would like to prove how good he is at teaching, and as a person. but, as a reviewer notes, the camera shows very clearly when the kids have learnt their lesson, and when they don't (which is most of the times)...the stark contrast of the "conditons of life" in france compared to any underdeveloped country is painful. the teacher drives a big audi (!), the schools themselves are nice and lofty, and they all have all the necessary equipment. the kind of things people take for granted on the developed world. i'd love to have this system back in my country, argentina. specifically, in the "conurbano bonaerense", where teachers aren't paid for months, pupils go to school basically to have a meal their parents can't afford back home, and violence is the rule of the game...i laughed with one american reviewer when he said that probaby jojo would be medicated in the us.....if you want to know about different methods of education you could always watch for instance kiarostami's "where is the friend's home?" to learn how the other half of the world lives...the cinematography is very nice...i agree with another amazon reviewer matt curtin (columbus, oh usa) on the lopez'saga of suits: "that he would later claim that he was due some additional compensation that was never part of the deal reminds me of his interaction with young jojo (...) even our greatest teachers are still ultimately human, complete with their own weaknesses. perhaps the final lesson is that even disappointment is a part of life"...same goes for the great manohla dargis on the la times: "apparently, the french are not so very different, after all"
a disgrace to any integral female.there are two main female characters in the plot: one is a man-eater who will sleep her way to the top (although she may not even need it because she is good independently) and the other is the jealous and depressed housewife who gave up her career for the sake of her husband's. this is a man's fantasy and nightmare come true in one; and a boring cliche for all the intelligent and responsible females of the world. to all the hollywood men out there: you can't brainwash us anymore with your b/s; okay??
da vinci code a demonstrated fraud.anyone who is doing any kind of serious research into dan brown's da vinci code should be aware of some important information that isn't revealed in 'jesus, mary, and da vinci'.  mr. brown's book, which he claims, in the preface, is based on 'fact' is actually perpetuating a known and established fraud with respect to its claims regarding the 'priory of sion' and the 'dossier secret' documents in the french national libary.  it has been established beyond reasonable doubt that the 'priory of sion' and the 'dossier secret' documents are in fact the fraudulent creation of a circle of anti-semitic french nationalists who revolve around the figure of pierre plantard.  mr. plantard was a primary source for the authors of 'holy blood, holy grail' which dan brown attributes as one of his primary sources for the 'da vinci code'.  this information has been brought to light in the excellent video 'breaking the da vinci code' as well as by cbs's 60 minutes, which filmed their own investigation into mr. brown's claims on a show that recently aired on april 30th.  ..basically, mr. brown propagates the same fraudulent information that he inherits from his uncritical use of 'holy blood, holy grail'.  not very good form for someone who claims his fictional novel is based on 'fact'.  there are numerous other errors, misrepresentation, and outright fabrications in mr. brown's book that aren't adequately addressed in 'jesus, mary, and da vinci'.  those who are truly interested in some solid, scholarly research on mr. brown's book would be well served by viewing the excellent video 'breaking da vinci's code' also available on amazon.com...there's nothing wrong with reading and understanding the 'da vinci code' as a work of fiction, which it is, but don't confuse this book as a serious representation of history and theology, which it most certainly is not
bad demon, bad!!.this is camp and camp... and more camp.... but bruce wouldn't touch it.  bad acting, racial stereotypes, and more bad acting.  on the up side the make-up wasn't that bad, and i bet they had fun making this thing.  plot goes something like this; evil movie theatre traps people to turn them into demons to take over the world... or something like that.  warning!!!! this movie will not scare you!!!  i give it 2 on the camp-o-meter, because this really is what camp is about (just not good camp)... not much for memorable lines however.  the pimp steals the show
do all films with "demon" in the title stink?.i am a huge argento fan, but come on folks...this movie just stinks.  there's more corn in this flick than the state of kansas.  the single entertainment value this film holds is that it provides a medium for a group of drunken men or women to polk fun at something.  there are maybe one or two admirable scenes in which argento's uncanny editing and camera work shine.  otherwise its a feast for the idiots; green blood, bad make-up and all.  definately not one to purchase for the collection
dvd is not the original demon movie scenes cut out of it.i would have given this movie 5 stars instead of 1.this is without a doubt the scariest movie ive ever seen in my life.it was originaly released in 1985.the reason im giving it one star.is the movie demons on dvd,is not the exact same movie released on vhs video in 1985.they have redone it on dvd.and taken mosalot of the gore and hard rock out of the movie.the reason is anchor bay.the movie was originaly distibuted by new world video.then anchor bay got there hands ahold of this mordern marvel of terror and redone the movie,they cut out alot of the gore,alot of the original rock music was completely taken out,when the womans on the theatre stage and transforming into a demon.you see a bright lite shot on her and you can see when her tounge shoots out thats its a mechanical pupet.in the orginal the lighting was kept dark and they may have been the reason.if you are one of the lucky ones to hold the original 1985 release of demons on vhs from new video you have without a doubt the scariest horror movie of all time.if your one of the unfortunate ones to get the new dvd you will be left in the dark on what was once a true horror gem.i happen to have the 1985 copy of demons.released in the aqctuall year of 1985.i vdieo store went out of buisness in my home town.i remember the day they got it in 1985 like it waqs yesterday.i purchased the some 20 year old copy from them in 2001.my copys about had it its 21 years old..i wwish i could find an oruginal copy.cause u nolonger can get it now.i wonder if they have done the same things to demons 2 the nightmare returns i wonder if they cut and edited it 2...talk about being crapped on....if your looking for the original demons first off saty away from the dvd.go for teh video and make sure it says 1985 on it and not 1999 on the side..
there is only one good part to this movie......this movie takes a really long time to come to its conclusion. there are three separate tales here, and each comes together at the very end, then the movie abruptly ends...my dvd had english subtitles, but i feel sorry for those people who didn't have them or who don't speak japanese...the best part of this movie is a nice shot of yuki kudoh topless in bed with her boyfriend. the rest of the movie was long and drawn out. i'd recommend skipping it unless it's a really slow saturday night or if you are a huge yuki kudoh fan
disappointing.though the dvd has some really nice extras (interviews, etc.), the restoration leaves a lot to be desired.  much clarity is lost from the original.  almost blurry, like multiple images that don't properly align (the actors all have "zombie eyes").  not really watchable.  now shopping for the unrestored version
buy only if you are a jazz guitarist..the tiltle threw me off since i did not know who danny gatton was.i was expecting to learn some amazing rhythm patterns and great strummings techniques because of all the other reviews that i have read ,but all i saw was the same pluck and pick patterns and different jazz chords (some blues chords as well).i guess you have to be a fan of mr.gatton to enjoy the material.i know i did not enjoy it at all or really learned anything(i could not bare to sit through the whole thing but i forced myself).the only part i enjoyed was about one minute worth, when mr.gatton had the acoustic guitar(he used an electric guitar throughout the dvd)and used a really cool rhythm.
briefless ! [encounters].just imagine what the trevor howard / celia johnson would  [could?] have been like if they had this freedom???..also imagine the make-up artist ['hair' dresser?];  and the, err ....  focus puller on this one's set ........no, no, no!  although rather brave - who the heck cares?  it's all very natural and somewhat vaguely contemporary, but really - why bother?   as our beloved peter finch [i think] said in "sunday, bloody sunday" - here come those boring old  t..s again!"..as for safe sex?   [the lady during a half-pant or two - breathlessly demands 'protection' from the, err..'intruder' .... unrealistic, regarding the intensity of their meeting{s}, and their obsession with each other's body parts]...simone signoret and laurence harvey were by far more interesting in their plastic raincoats on a windswept beach [ditto kerr and lancaster]...brando/schneider also bogard/rampling were far more tortured in their versions along the same theme...then ... we will always have "intermezzo"/"in the realm of the senses".
below average --.the story is ok, but the acting is a bit off and the movie drags to much... but if your looking for some raunchy sex  there is a non-simulated oral sex scene in it
farewell my concubine.this movie was not enjoyable although it had been recommended.  it's very depressing and hard to follow.  the one good point of the movie was that it provided an interesting review of china's political history.
yet another cliche anime movie.appleseed suffers from the problem most big budget, cgi enhanced anime theatrical releases have: gorgeous visuals, but a incomprehensible story filled with dull cliche dialog. trust me, i was sucked in by the amazing trailer like most of you. i wanted this to be a great movie (as i am a fan of the oav animated series). appleseed is worth seeing for the visuals alone... but that is about all
not a panama canal program.a good travelogue of the region. but only a few short minutes of the canal itself. title is very misleading. spends precious little time on the building of the canal, the experience of transversing it, et al. focuses on the geography and culture of the cities in the area and the culture, etc. but very dispappointing regarding the canal itself
good performances; not the most interesting stories.rebecca miller spins three tales of woman who decide to take their lives into their own hands. in brief vignettes featuring three contemporary actresses (kyra sedgwick, parker posey and fairuza balk) escaping situations of largely their own making. i have never been particularly impressed with kyra sedgwick, but i felt that her role and performance was the standout among the three here. as an abused woman who finally had enough abuse, she decides to leave and take the lessons she learned in dealing with her abusive life to move forward, and she is excellent as much as she is convincing. ..parker posey plays an editor who is given a plum opportunity, which in the end will alienate her from her husband and most of the middle-class trappings she has come to detest in her own life (she has chosen this path in life it seems to combat her feelings against her family). although i generally appreciate posey's roles, this one did not seem particularly a stretch. ..fairuza balk was good as usual.
worset movie ever.i can't stand this movie, it's one of the worset. ..the acting is horrible, it's dark, gloomy, and so boring..it's fun to watch and make fun of it, but thats about all. i do not recommend it, i would give it zero stars if it was possible. ..the child actress "mary" and then the older grown up "mary" actress isn't suitable, she doesn't even look like she could have been the same person or type, how awful!.watch another version, this one is a waste of time and money!
great story, awful acting..while a wonderful story, this movie ruins it with two child actors who make the movie painful to watch.  ..a bit hard to understand why the child of two english parents would speak like she's from new jersey!..i couldn't watch the end of this it was so bad...recommend you see another version.
dissapointed.i watched this movie in religion and was dissapointed that it didn't follow the book. i read the book as a child and saw almost every version of the movie available, but now seeing this one again (i'm pretty  sure i saw this before) i was annoyed at how much it changed the book. i think if your going to take a book and make it a movie you have no right to take such liberties. the way mary discovers the garden and the key are absolutely rediculous. also i don't like colin's strange fortune-teller like air. i had no emotional reaction to the ending where the children are all grown up because they just seemed like random actors and didn't even remotely resemble the children. don't get this version if your a purist
jerry maguire.the movie is great, but the dvd leaves a lot to be desired.  i have to use "captioning for the hearing impaired" and i am not of latino heritage.  this movie does not provide captioning for the hearing impaired in english - but in spanish.  ..the producer(s) of this dvd apparently don't care much for the english hearing impaired
...you had me at goodbye.......this movie is at the top of my list...unfortunately, it's the 'worst movie of all-time' list...that's right, ladies and gentlemen, friends and supporters of this film...this movie is trash (and not just for cuba's horribly annoying acting)...it's also one of the reasons so many relationships end up miserable...come on...do you really think renee would have ended up with this guy if his career went in the other direction...it was pure desperation rather than inspiration that made him succumb to showing up with his hat in his hands...and if all you base a relationship on, is the end justifying the means, well, i wish you luck with your next soul mate..
mediocre, at best!.i have read "into thin air" and watched the discovery channel series on mt. everest, so i received this dvd with great anticipation.  however, my excitement dissolved quickly due to the cheesy music, awful special effects, lack of drama, and poor landscape visuals.  i was completely bored.  it was a waste of 45 minutes
possibly one of the worst comedies...ever.o.k., our p.e. teacher made us sit through this hour-and-fifteen minute load of junk one day during class one day. let me say i only enjoyed the movie slightly because it beat being fried in the boiling heat outside. first of all, the plot has so many holes in it i seriously think that someone held the script up to the wall and shot twenty rounds at it. secondly, i believe i watched an episode of teletubbies once and laughed more then than i did during this movie. finally, the movie is more bland than a block of tofu. no action, no drama, not the slightest trace of good humor.
too bad monkeys *didn't* make this movie....jack "deuce" cooper (matt leblanc) is a minor league baseball pitcher who's got the goods, but no self-confidence. instead of looking up dr. phil, the team manager decides that a simian teammate is just what strike-out deuce needs for a boost. enter ed, a chimp who's got more talent in his elongated little finger than the whole team put together. ed's antics, including scarfing down chocolate-covered bananas and pulling toupees off of bald heads, were all "aped" by men in monkey suits and animatronics. unfunny slapstick makes this dvd a real strike-out...staci layne wilson.author of staci's guide to animal movie
ok...not a great movie... someone made a comment in these reviews about.."have you ever screwed up unintentionally in a relationship?".. and all i can think is please, the guy in this movie goes out with another girl cause he wants to sleep with her, even tho he doesnt want to admit it to himself, but he does admit it to his friend... he knew what he was doing when he went out with that other girl, it wasnt unintentional, he was a jerk, and he deserved what she put him thru, i found the main actress very funny, and i dont understand why she wanted this jerk back, wont she keep wondering if hes straying? its kinda sad, if a guy with a g/f that pretty strays, what hope is there? i suppose not all guys are jerks... .this movie was a rollercoaster, shes showing his whos boss, and he shows her they make eachother jealous, blah blah blah..
"a big letdown".this should have been at least a 2-hour double disc dvd with alot more insight and depth and alot more matches like when: luger beat hogan on nitro for the title in 1997,mick foley's title win along with the contraversial "poke of doom" match with hogan and nash;both i might add were aired on the same night.there is alot of stuff and factiods missing on this one folks
only one dvd?.for something that spanned so many years to sum it up in 90 minutes is just rediculous. there wasn't enough commentary by enough wrestlers and there wasn't enough clips of good moments from both sides.
annoying lear.i didn't enjoy the film.  i also didn't enjoy the original play by shakespeare.  king lear is one of my least favorite shakespeare plays.  i don't consider it particularly creative to remake a play that has already been done, and to add nothing of value to the original.  you can set it wherever you like, in medieval japan or on the moon, what's the difference.  it's king lear, a downer of a play, there's nothing great about ran just as there's nothing great about lear, and it takes up three hours of your time...a moron named lear, or hidetoro, or whatever his name is, relinquishes power in his kingdom and turns the power over to his oldest son.  the youngest son warns him that it is a bad idea because the sons will be disloyal to their father.  he is right, of course, and hidetoro lear gets treated shabbily.  he's wanted dead or dead...in this treatment of the annoying plot, he loses his mind.  he has a faithful follower or two.  they overact.  there is nobody to root for in this depressing and ridiculously overrated downer of a play.  lear hidetoro is an absolute jerk.  am i supposed to care what happens to him?  why?  because he used to be a powerful king, and a cruel one?  you may as well cry over saddam hussein...look at this movie with fresh eyes.  look at shakespeare's king lear with fresh eyes.  this stuff simply is not very entertaining, and is not very good.  the hell with king lear.  he's an annoyance
forget "slither," seek out "night of the creeps".night of the creeps rules all.  slither is basically a somewhat higher-budgeted rip off.  slugs, zombies, aliens...play by play rip.  night of the creeps was able to accomplish so much more with so much less.  plus it had tom atkins. see "creeps" and you'll see what i mean
unable to review.unable to see the movie. received the original shipment, and later a replacement, and both had the same defects and we were unable to watch the movie
too slow.sara ivanhoe does an excellent job of explaining and demonstrating poses. she points out common mistakes and gives helpful advice on how to correct them. the twelve poses are a good foundation for a beginner doing yoga for the first time. it is worth watching - but only once...the problem is that she spends over a minute between each pose talking about them. rather than telling the viewer what to do as they are doing it, she demonstrates, talks, talks some more, then she tells you to begin (each pose is held for 6 breaths). i'd much rather that she explained things as she was doing them. sure, then you may not get everything the first time, but at least the program would not drag on as it does...the other thing i didn't like about this was the "boing" sound effects of the for dummies tips. if i'm doing yoga to relax, i want to hear soothing music, not annoying popup sound effects...if you have never done any yoga before, this may be worth renting to watch once. however, i would not recommend buying it. you won't care to watch it again
arguably the worst movie of all time...."camp stories" is a movie that ironically does not have a story, let along stories.  david (played by zach zaylor) is forced to attend a jewish all-boys camp when he would rather stay home and watch movies all summer.  his parents tell him the reason he must go is, "because your jewish!"  i knew i was in for a long 90 minutes when i heard that line.  david quickly establishes himself as a hot-shot when he accepts a challenge from the reigning rafterball champ, paul (kris park) and beats him.  from there, david's camp adventures just get more and more exciting (yeah right).  the movie suffers from a lack of anything that would keep a viewer interested.  the actors just plod along in a very episodic manner, there is literally nothing that happens in this movie that you will remember 5 minutes after you finish watching it.  i served as an extra in this movie, and was unfortunate enough to see how poorly this film was made.  how they got the actors they did (elliot gould, jason biggs, jerry stiller) is beyond me, but sadly i don't think any actor could have saved this script
nightmare inducing film for no ages....when i was a small girl of six, i saw the film fern gully in the theater and it scared me sh...uh...poopless!! it was an ok flick up until the horrific smog monster appeared, killing all nature and singing about acid rain and sucking all living creatures dry and spitting them out like spinach!!! this movie traumatized me and gave me nightmares for at least a year or two!! this movie is a nightmare ride and if you really want to show your kids a movie with a message about preserving the environment and living in harmony with nature, you'd be better off with miyazaki's "castle in the sky" than with this film. that is, unless you want your kid to be scared for life..
anne of the green gables.i am so disappointed that it did not have any closed caption or subtitle for the deaf.  i had to return it
the story of rubin carter, according to rubin carter.the first thing you should know about the hurricane is that it was based on two books, one of which (the sixteenth round) was written by rubin carter...the second thing you should know is that rubin carter is not a man of exemplary honesty...the third thing you should know is that the other book (lazarus and the hurricane) on which this movie was based was written by two of the canadians who bought into carter's hokum, as have so many after them...i will not go into a point-by-point list of the patently false claims that carter makes in his book, since other posters here have already done a good job of that. instead, i'd like to offer some reactions to those here who have given this movie glowing reviews. these are divided into three groups...the first is composed of those who did not know they were taken for a ride. if you belong in this group, i do not fault you. hollywood has a way of perpetrating some very repugnant deceptions on the unsuspecting public. but let me ask you this: if you were presented with hard evidence that this movie is just one big lie put forward by the title "hero," would you still rate it highly?..if your answer is "yes," then you belong in the second group, those who gave this movie a thumbs-up on the basis of its being a powerfully moving drama, and never mind the glaring factual inaccuracies. to this group, i have this to say: if a filmmaker wants to present a true-life story, he has a responsibility to see to it that he has his facts right. it's called integrity, and it means placing truthfulness far above profitability. you say this is a dramatization and not a documentary? well, even a dramatization should be done with some integrity. i can go along with some minor embellishments here and there, but when a movie is based on a series of disgustingly blatant lies and tries to pass itself off as a true story, that, in my book, is unforgivable. and so what if it was a rival studio that went out of its way to expose this movie's dishonesty? vested interest does not render their arguments invalid...finally, to the third group, those who actually believe that carter is in fact a martyr-scholar, i ask you to please open your eyes. there is absolutely no documentation to support carter's claims that he defended his friend from a pedophile, that he was a civil rights activist, that he was robbed of a crucial ring victory, and so many other proclamations aimed at propping up his hero image. on the other hand, there are reams of documents that present virtually irrefutable evidence that these very proclamations are a product of one man's delusional fantasies. you say that cal deal, the man behind graphicwitness.com, is a racist? please visit graphicwitness.com /carter/racism.html. also, know this: deal went into the rubin carter case actually believing that carter was innocent. it took just one interview for deal to see the many glaring inconsistencies in carter's statements. he went on to uncover numerous documents and testimonies that exposed carter as a liar...many accounts today have it that carter is a changed man. i sincerely hope this is a real change, and not just a show. but whatever the case, the fact remains that he owes it to the public to admit that his book and this movie are just a lot of hogwash. ..i'm not counting on that, though
all lies, an attack on america....for what purpose these lies about the life of this man? are the liberal film makers racists who don't believe that there is a good black man to depict on film so they have to lie? if someone wanted to write fiction about a badass black fighter on the cusp of super stardom who is framed for a murder then be my guest. hurricane carter is not and was not that man...facts:.in the movie denzel washington is shown in military garb with more medals on his cheat than colin powell. they want to drive home the point that here was a man who served his country and is now about to be screwed by it. fact is carter was kicked out of the army after being court mashalled 4 times!..in a title fight scence with an italian american fighter named giodello carter is depictied as beating this man pillar to post only to be screwed out of the decision he so richly deserved. fact, giardello deserved to win that fight according to the overwhelming number of experts who have viewed it then and now on tape. the depitction is another lie...another lie is this notion put forth in the movie that hurricane was on the verge of getting that title before mean white bigots framed him for this murder. fact is that carter's boxing career was going down hill and he had only won 8 of his last 15 fights. as carter's boxing career failed he became more militant in his political views and hated white people. while in prison he was diagnosed to be psychotic. yeah a psychotic racist is the model for black america. shame...norman jewison must not think much of black folks to make a movie of lies like this. denzel washington should be ashamed he participated in such trash. those who produced this trash bet that the average public would be gullible enough to believe these lies with no attempt at knowing the truth and hollywood didn't care; they just like the message. looking at these reviews i have to say they made a good bet. america bashing and race baiting is alive and well, earning oscars and making for big box office. a shame.
not pablo's best..i love pablo's act on comedy central.  this one doesn't even touch it
this just didn't do it for me.maybe i loved the original one too much, but this version of the story did not work for me. i especially was dissapointed in the music and the oompa loompas. stick with the first one. it was perfect
a big waste of time!!!!.i loved the original movie, and i love johnny depp so i thought this movie would be awesome.wrong wrong wrong!! first of all, the child actors were horrible, well the charlie and mike characters were ok, but the two girl actors were the worst i've seen in a long time. and what did they do to johnny depp? he was so creepy and weird. i took my nine year old to see it in the theater, and even she almost fell asleep. if you really want a treat watch the original with gene wilder
euuuwww......creepy!.this movie creeped me out and not in a good way. johnny depp is an awesome actor and i usually find him sexy but in this stinker i find him really creepy and gross. maybe it's the michael jackson-ish look he has going on with the black wig and white face. could they have picked a more horrible look for ww? it looked like they took him to a costume store and put a 10$ wig and 5$ clown makup on him! i love tim burton's other movies but this one sucked bigtime! it gives a new perspective on willy wonka but this willy is someone i would keep kids away from. this movie is childish if you're an adult and pales compared to the original. if you're a kid it's way too dark and scary and has some adult humor which will leave kids asking "auntie zoe, what does that mean?" when are screenwriters going to figure it out? either write a kids movie or write a grownup movie!!! it's really hard to do both in the same film. it seems like when writers try to make movies that appeal to adults and kids, they end up appealing to nobody! maybe i am biased because i loved the original gene wilder version. i would have been open to seeing a remake if it was good but this movie was dissapointing. it's amazing how so much money and effort go into special effects and expensive sets and the script itself is hollow with lousy characters. the whole thing just had a creepy vibe with almost sadistic undertones. the only reason i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because i love depp and burton, if you are not a fan of either, don't waste your time with this steaming pile of poo!
stick with willy wonka.i could barely get through the...um...er...reimagination...of the childern's classic - while the set design and special fx are state of the art, as usual for a tim burton film, the actual movie is hard to watch. why? depp's "performance" is chock full of ticks and mannerisms, off-putting, flat, self-absorbed, and finally, one-note. rather than the quirky fun of the original 1972 gene wilder version, burton's film is more horror than fantasy, often casually cruel and sadistic to the point of being far from family fare.  while deliberate on burton's part, that doesn't make the final product any more watchable. it's one grim, dismal, downward spiral slog. not much holidday fun, huh? as with most of burton's other big, expensive failures, he knows how to create a convincing world, but has no clue how to populate it with characters and situations we identify with and/or could care less about.  the final result is a film that's like a fragile, hermetically sealed curio on the shelf - nice to look at from afar, but hard to get attached to, much less involved with. what a waste of millions of studio $$$
oh dear.we weren't expecting much from this one. my husband remembered it as not being great, but being tolerable. i think he was interested in the weapons in the program...anyway, even my husband could only get through the first five minutes. the writing is spectacularly bad. it's kind of funny in that richard burton clearly is drunk/hungover and hates the script as much as we do. he's practically rolling his eyes as he recites his lines...you should only buy this if you're interested in collecting the world's worst films featuring the world's best actors
whiny slackers poke reality with stick - reality bites back.reality bites seemed fresh when it was first released, giving voice to a generation - with the unfortunately derogative soubriquet of "x" - that was overeducated, underemployed, plagued by the flashy, trashy commercialism of mtv, and stunningly superficial in its wholehearted embrace of pop culture and rejection of serious moral or philosophical discourse it might have stumbled across in college.  ..it was a good start because transitioning from the idyllic and unreal world of college to the crass, cruel arena of materialism can be tough, providing limitless opportunities for challenge and personal growth - the very stuff of real movies.  instead we have a swan dive into a pizza hut commercial held together by a plot so shop-worn it would have been considered exhausted in 1930...winona ryder is winning as lelaina, but one can only imagine the sats of football players at a college where she is valedictorian.  her "documentary" is appallingly narcissistic, reflecting the characteristic gen x notion that - "if it's about me, it's art, and it's important."  ethan hawke does an excellent job as troy, the very archetype of self-satisfied, supercilious entitlement.  we are expected to root for him, but it's hard to refrain from hoping he gets hit by a bus...stiller, who directed - a talented fellow almost impossible to look at - plays michael, the "anti-troy."  smooth, successful, and very much plugged into the contemporary franchising of gen x culture - if culture is the right word - he's an executive at an mtv-ish corporation.  that he improves lelaina's preposterous "documentary," rather than destroying its alleged artistic integrity, is the film's dirty little secret...viewers surprised by who wins lelaina's hand will also be stunned to learn that professional wrestling is fixed and liberace was gay.  indeed, when you strip away the thin veneer of pop culture references this is really a very traditional movie.  janeane garofalo is outstanding as always, and john mahoney shines as the tv morning chat show host who looks sweet and avuncular on camera but is in fact, a bastard.  his performance says more about the likelihood of finding anything even remotely resembling reality in film - or on tv - than the rest of this film put together...in fact, reality is great, this picture would have benefited from some
definitive portrayal of generation x (for what that's worth).many reviewers and critics said it best...what do you do when the "hero" of the film (ethan hawke) is a complete a---hole, winona ryder is a horrid documentarian that would give ed wood, jr. a run for his money, and stiller, who is supposed to be the bad guy, actually isn't that bad of a human being?  and winona's friends are the smarmy, arrogant, generation x punks who think they know everything (when the reality is (forgive the pun) they don't know jack).  past generations would quote tolstoy and shakespeare, generation x quotes tv commercials, scooby doo cartoons, star wars, and bad sitcoms.  generation x is probably the most insincere generation ever, detaching themselves and calling themselves "ironic", when all they really do is indulge in pretentious pseudo-intellectualism.   is this film an accurate portrayal of them?  yes, in some ways.  is the film worth watching?  yeah, at least once.  stiller gives a decent performance, it's nicely shot, and garofalo actually almost gives her slacker character depth.  this is probably due to the fact that garofalo actually has some substance herself, as opposed to the character she plays..check it out more as an artifact of its time more than a cool film.
brilliant actings, predictable story!.i've seen ethan hawk's best performance ever in this movie. it was great. wiona ryder and other actors were great too but it was not even a memorable movie. it has a predictable sipmle story that made no sense at least for me. maybe i'm not right but in my opinion, this movie does not worth to buy. does not even worth to rent. but gh the movie itself does not worth anything but it's soundtrack issome channels may show it occasionally. it's worth to be watch once at tv!.by the way, i forgot to mention that this movie has a great cd soundtrack, really great. worth to buy
indeed, reality bites.if this is the generation i am supposed to belong to, i want to disown it.  ben stiller's directorial debut centers on four friends recently graduated from collage, and are now trying to find their way in the world.  the movies messege is that we are a lost generation, but that is not are parent's fault (where this movie tries to lay the blame).  the kids in this movie are just lazy, more or less.  and they spend their free time trying to make meaning out of their lives.  indeed, troy (ethan hawke) even tries to ratinalize stealing a candy bar by saying society ows him.  winona ryder plays waify lelina, who makes a documentry out of recorded footage she has of her friends.  one day she meets michael (ben stiller) who is their age but has made a good career out of the tv industry.  ethan hates him for his honest approach to life, and so the battle for lelina's love begins.  i really wasn't too impressed with this movie, it just made it seem like my peers are just wallowing in self pity for the sake of being the cool, tortured artist; when they should get off the couch and go get a job
i wish i could have seen it!.i was unable to view my dvd of ballet russes since the message on the screen said - not available in this area - or something like that. i have sent 3 emails to amazon to tell them i was unable to view it, and despite the fact they promise replies to emails within 24 hours, i have heard nothing. so i am not happy at all. i will let you know how good the dvd is when you send me a copy i can view
scarring.this movie seems very popular with a lot of fans, but i have something different to say. i've seen it, once, when i was about 5 1/2. maybe adults get a kick out of it, my 10 year old brother (at the time) enjoyed it. so, if you're an older viewer than maybe this movie is good, but please, keep it away from young children. this movie terrified me as a small child and i ran out halfway through nearly in tears. please, doen't be overly anxious to share this with your kids, it may be best to wait a few years. it is one of the most terrifying memories i have as a little girl and i certainly wouldn't wish it to happen to anyone else
it is worth seeing, but michael morre missed the point.he thought the columbine incident was about gun control.  it was not.  it was about anger and bullying.  that is the problem.  that is what would have fixed that problem.  we need to help children be better to eachother or problems like this will keep going on.    it is worth seeing because it is interesting, but he is wrong on this one.  micahel moore is a good director but people are not always right
confusing the argument on need for more american gun-control..indeed,there is a need for a continuation of regulated gun-control,in america.yet,michael moore uses terrible examples to prove his point and humorously distorts the facts.moore's end product does not justify the means.eventhough moore doesn't use a gun to kill ,he's the very essence of the "drive-by media".why didn't he do a film on pukeheads who recklessly abuse their right to own a gun?-answer-because that would give honest people the validation to bear arms. the people he points to ,in the film, who have done the shootings,are kids.after years of watching violent images,via videogames,and no parental control led them to that destructive behavior.not the k-mart availableness of the rifles and the bullets. the eschatological preachers of the elusive doomsday,like david karesch,do have a right to gun-ownership.but not for holy war,against the american government and pagan socialists alike.now,tim mcveigh's senseless bombing ,had more to do with his anti-social delusions ,rather than his true feelings about legal restrictions on unlimited gun-ownership.(if it wasn't for the song ,"happiness is a warm gun", john lennon may not have been shot by the maniacal subliminal beatle listener,mark david chapman.) charlton heston supports ownership of hunting rifles,for sport and protection.the surprise moore attack on heston,was ridiculous.like comparing apples to oranges.moore shows himself as an opportunist,and not a gentleman.dick clark owns some music restaurant chain,where a black woman was directed to work at one.how is he to know,about her family members possessing guns or not?she broke the law,and clark can not be held responsible for her domestic negligence.the careless woman's family promoted an un-healthy atmosphere for their dear children.moore's subreptitious inferences are highly entertaining,but divert from the root cause of the lethal gun shootings,in america.
[two and a half stars out of four] charleton heston 0, mike moore -1. not one of moore's best.moore sets out to blame guns, rather.than the people who make prozac and.other 'designer' seditives for the.massacre at columbine high school.and runs afoul of mr. nra himself,.moses, better known as charleton .heston. heston, gentlemanly as he.is defeats all futile arguments.moore, an anit-gun (mostly) leftist.has v. the second amendment. long.live the second amendment, otherwise.the first amendment is gone, too!.moore should wake and wise up. better.moore efforts that are highly recom-.mended are: the big one, fahrenheit.9/11, roger and me and even the un-.derrated canadian bacon
lies!.it is obvious that this movie is full of lies.  although i have not actually seen it, i know this to be true because i have seen many discussions on the movie on the fox news channel (god bless them!).  the way he attacks poor mr. heston is deplorable.  can't michael moore tell from the comments charlton made at the rallies that he doesn't have his faculties about him?  i am also unsure that mr. heston even said the things that the movie shows him saying.  the ability of hollywood to manipulate and edit sound is truly amazing, making it appear that my president (heston) is an uncaring, babbling idiot by simply using his own words - shame on you michael!  and as for the way he got the gun from the bank, i agree with the other posters that the entire point of a bank giving away free guns is completely nullified by the fact that they didn't give him the gun the minute he walked into the bank.  bravo to those who figured that out.  also, michael moore is fat.  take that pinkie
too many changes.i loved gilad from watching him on espn and love the beach scenes.  however, i felt like he went too fast; i was playing catch-up because he switched from one thing to another very quickly.  there weren't a lot of repeats before moving on to something new.  maybe if i did it more and got used to it, i wouldn't mind.  however, i much prefer my kathy smith and cathe videos.  this one is just collecting dust for me right now.  maybe i'll give it a try another time, but i regret buying it
story was good, acting good, singing??? what singing?.sorry, if one is casting for a musical movie, one should actually cast actors who can sing, not just actors who have big names. sophia loren couldn't carry a tune to save her life...i love musicals, but this is one i do not like at all
oh, god, this was bad.this film was incredibly bad, easily the worst i ever tried to sit through. the editorial review said that it's hard to imagine a better quixote than peter o'toole? well, i sure can: his name is brian stokes mitchell, and he at least can sing his own part. the poor man who dubbed over o'toole, couldn't hit the side of a barn with a good note. the sad part is, i love musicals in general, and so i kept watching this one, hoping it would get better, but finally i just gave up. if any musical is in need of an onscreen revival with better performances, it's this one
extremely tedious tedious tedious tedious.i am sure there was an agenda before their film was made. but what ever it was is lost in inconsistent and repetitious interview style questions. i did like the calendar girls; i did not realize you could get such calendars. the militia looked like a neat organization. when they do interviews with canadians for contrast i thought i was watching "canadian bacon" with john candy. .they did mention nukes but did not go to the other extreme and count how many people were knifed and hacked (lizzy borden) due to the absence of a proper firearm. no mention of the fact than kung fu is necessary so one can kill when deprived of proper defensive devices. .they seem to be fascinated with charlton heston. "home of the brave and land of the free"; his presents is peppered throughout the film. .i suspect that the title comes from the fact that the students in columbine went bowling before their spree.
whhhaaattt.how is this scream 4 if wes craven is consisdering making a 4th installment to the trilogy? lol...and with original cast members lol.... i dont see this movie as screams final stab....it might be a good film cause i love horror flicks...but this isnt the final stab....scream 4 is set to release 2006...well thats wat i rea
looking forward to the final credits..the production and performances in 'final stab' are good. what brings the movie down is the characters. within the first 10 minutes of meeting this self-obsessed, apathetic group of characters, i found myself rooting for the killer. the premise of the film is basic and unoriginal. an obnoxious woman (i am being kind) puts together a mystery weekend for her just as obnoxious friends (primarily getting all of them there by extortion). she has hired an actor to play a masked killer for the evening, but alas, a real killer has invaded the evening and they all still think the deaths are just good acting. one of the funniest scenes has the brittney spears wannabe approached by the killer, whom she thinks is the actor, and remarks (paraphrased) "is this going to be messy?". as the killer is stabbing her, her boyfriend is watching from a window and is seriously impressed by her 'good performance'. 'final stab' is not poorly made, just poorly conceived. it is difficult to like a film when there are no characters to like. this is too bad, since with some character development and a less disjointed story they could have had a good movie; the basic ingredients were there.--bo
horrible movie, bradley stryker get's the 1 star.this movie was so dumb and slow.  very bad picture quality and it is also fullscreen.  it also has a storyline that we all have seen like a hundred times. i only gave it 1 star because i am a fan of bradley stryker.  he should really consider some real movies instead of the b- movies for decoteau. you should see this movie just for the scenes with him.  p.s. he is also in the first brotherhood movie too, in case you didn't know
hmmmmm.....not too sure if you should take it to the streets.well.... i was really excited when i found out that 'the official learn-the-dance moves dvd from the creators of the hit film you got served!' was being release. i didn't particularly enjoy the movie as the acting was terrible and there wasn't much of a storyline...but the dances moves were banging! but to be honest when i bought the take it to the streets dvd...i was disappointed. the moves didn't turn out to be so `hot' and me being a quick learner i thought that the routines were too rushed. out of the whole 54 minutes, the only thing i did enjoy, was watching omari grandberry's freestyle (which only lasted about 3 minutes)
do not buy if you want to breakdance!!!.you got served was a horrible misrepresentation of what the b-boy scene is actually like and this instructional video pushes that misrepresentation even further. if you want to learn to breakdance buy the breakdance step-by-step dvd released by bboy.org or any of the films in the breakvision series
boo.the "you got served" movie was awsome i loved it so much i bought it.. so i thought i would buy the "take it to the streets" too but when i saw it it was the most dissapointing clip i have ever seen. it had 2 short routines from the movie, a little interview thing with breakdancing and krumping, and their "hot  new" routine that wasnt even that good. i am a b-boy and i do a little bit of hip-hop and believe me there are better things to waste your money on than thi
kind of loses steam very quickly.even though it's used by a lot of reviewers, i have to use it too. the opening scene has john travolta staring into the camera delivering a monologue about how hollywood creates **** lately. he mentions that it would be great if the bad guy got away in the end, then later in the film he talks about harry houdini and misdirection. oddly, this film was produced by joel silver, who i can list as a creator, or at least a deliverer, of said hollywood ****. there's only 3 reasons really to watch this film, none of which have anything to do with the story, which shows you just how the film is...stan is a talented hacker who's been down on his luck since being released from jail. dead end job, unkempt trailer and denied rights to see his daughter. well, an opportunity comes when a woman, ginger, offers him money to meet with a man. that man, gabriel, is incredibly wealthy and will pay him 10 million dollars to create a computer virus that'll net him near 10 billion dollars. of course, it doesn't help that the feds are after both of them..those 3 reasons? well, the first is an incredibly awesome looking shot where we get a 180 slow motion pan (it is not a full 360) after an explosion goes off and we see it's aftermath. while the full version of the x-men last stand shot found in the special features looks better, this is just as great. the other is at the end where a helicopter flies a bus all over the city and smacking into buildings while the 3rd is of course a nude sunbathing halle berry which apparently she was paid a handsome sum of money for each breast shown. however, that's kind of where the good parts end...the biggest problem is that it's an action movie based on the lowest common denominator. it's super-stylized and sleek and has some pretty big sequences but that's it. some action films like die hard inexplicably hold up on repeated viewings. here, after the first watch, you've probably experienced all you're going to see. they add in the daughter subplot which isn't as developed as it should be but it did resonate with me. the film does have its fan but it's hard for me to like something so....plastic...should you buy it? i doubt it, unless you want a show-off disc for your home theatre, something that other films do infinitely better
is this even worth reviewing, oh yeah, halle berr'y in it.there is 1 reason for you.  this is a movie about a guy who is a really crazy big-time bank robber who like to go out and hae gunfights in his snazzy car.  ..nothing works for me in this movie except hugh jackmon, and halle berry of course.  his character does have a lot of good backround elements about him.  but the way they use him and his family was just stupid, just like evrything else in the movie, except for halle berry.  i wish that this movie had it's finer points, well i guess there are 2 pretty good scenes with halle berry, one more pleasing than the other.  but the stunts were the stupidest thing.  you can tell what this movie was supposed to be about, halle berry,but besides that this is just a movie where a bus is being helicoptered all over the city.  i had heard about this when it came out and it didn't intrigue me at all, but then my friend told me that this is halle's berry best movie and i had to go see it.  so he wasn't lying, it is my favorite role that she has ever played, but the stunts and whole bank robbery thing was just retarded...i can't remember if i brought up halle berry in this review yet so i would like to take the oppurtunity right now to say i love you halle berry and just give me a call sometime
disappointing.i watched this because my nephew told me it was funny.  i thought it was very sad, actually
too bad to be good.gyllenhaal and spader both provide strong performances, but nonetheless the film is slow, tedious, and only occasionally interesting
what a bad movie ....i really liked ashton kutcher's version, in my opinion, a very good movie but this... it seems like the director didn't understand the first part. i expected it would be a similar story but, it really sucked. don't waste your time and money with this movie
lousy..i was not satisfied with this movie.  i did not expect it to be similar to the first version of the butterfly effect.  however, what i did expect was that the film would at least do a decent job of telling the story in an effective manner similar to the first.  it failed, however.  the acting was lousy.  the script was poor.  the movie was an embarrassment and should have had substantial revisions.  unfortunate.
butterfly's wings clipped.this movie is not so much a sequel to the original, but simply a film that borrows that film's premise and tries to rejuvenate it with different touches.  ultimately, it doesn't work because the script and pacing are weak, and although eric lively and erica durance are charming in their roles, their thespian skills don't really convince us they're sincere in their performances.  there is also no real explanation for lively's abilities and when he makes his final "return", why doesn't he just not go to work and then maybe...well, don't want to spoil it.  it's not a rotten movie, but it's merely another direct to video release that won't stay with you too long
is this a joke??.i can only wish i could alter my past and have rented something else.  i can honestly say the original butterfly is one of my favorite movies.  this "sequel" is not even shadow of the original.  it seemed that the altered outcome kept getting dumber and dumber. at one point i asked myself if this was a comedy.  sadly it wasn't.
interesting........ok,   bottom line, i did'nt barely remember the first one...so this came. as sort of a new movie.  i knew the movie was in trouble when it started just too slow...but finally as things got moving i found the movie fairly good and kept me awake till the end.  its not the best, but its certainly not as bad as how the other critics saw it.
not really a sequel, and simple answer, ask for her news first., bad movie.i was semi-excited to see this coming out today, now, i don't know what to say but...save your money.   this isn't even really a sequel, its almost a b-run rip off of the first...but it even discraces b-movies.  yes, the guy can shift outcomes by warping through time using pictures..but that is the only thing this film has in common with the first. the movie is simple enough, he goes back to save his friends from death from the car accident they had as they were going back to town for the main character to get to work.  now, easy enough fix to this, warp back in time to the picture she took at the park, decide to stay, movie over,sorry it was so short.  no, they tried to make a story from it.  he warps back using the other picture from the car, now what was wrong with that story line, he gets greedy.  then he warps back using a christmas photo...and it gets worse for him, no woman and in with a mafia guy who kills his friend.  now, he finally decides to use the picture from the park, and he manages to mess this up.  all he had to do is say he will stay all day, and then he should ask her news first.  but no, he dumps her, says nothing until it's to late again, and then he ends up sacrificing himself to save her...who goes on to have their baby....and they even left a sliver of a chance for sequel for this junk to top it all off. .summed up, movie could have been over in 5 minutes, lets drag it to 92.  even when they tired to keep you intriged by "hinting" at a lost pregnancy, they telegraphed it from the begining by her "wanting to share news", which is usually in a movie pregnancy news, and then even after the first warp her laying it for him as saying "we both know what we lost with the accident" and it sailing by this idiots face.   just honestly, save your money, or rent it if you just can't resist seeing a bad movie. or as one other reviewer stated, con a friend into renting it for you, although i think you may loose that friend after they realize what they rented.
one star idea from universal.....i guess with all the news recently that universal wants to buy dreamworks, their dvd marketing has started to go down the toilet, as two film packs like this one useually show little effort in both making a good dvd,adding any good bones features, and then just rushing it to stores.  the two movies on this gift set are rushed dvds that were fast put together and were ment to rob you of your money.    jurassic park iii; perhaps the worst movie that universal has done in ten years.  all special effects and no story.  sam neill deserves better films then this, and they still want to do a jurassic park iv......?!    hulk;  good movie, bad dvd release and transfer.  marvel did not like it either, nor universal's less then promotion of the movie when it was about to be released to theaters.  there's talk of marvel taking the hulk movie franchise to another movie company once the righst with universal expire.  i say "yes, take it to a movie company that will do it right
embarressing part 2.what a waste of money.  waste of space. waste of time.  i'm a fan of both nick and jess but you'd be ashamed to own this. not worth a dime.
wow, this was bad.i can see jessica doing something this lame, but nick?  he's usually the level headed one who can tell when something is just lame.  but you see him up there dancing along with the choreography like a puppet.  it's kinda sad.  the nightrider thing was embarrassing, and jessica is a horrible actor...the weirdest thing was when she sang with jewel. she's a good singer, but looks absolutely ridiculous doing it.  you can actually see jewel trying not to laugh.  the rest of the show was just bad jokes.  like the baseball skit where jessica hit someone in the audience (supposedly), that was the punchline?  seriously?..kinda ruins the newlyweds series for me
embarrasing.whilst i do like jessica and nick, (i was a fan of jessica since "i'm gonna love you forever" and i always liked 98degrees), this is embarrasing.  ..on newlyweds, i think she's actually funny.  i love the show and i don't see the negatives that people talk about.  this however was different.  i can't beleive they need the money, so jessica and nick - don"t do this again.  i couldn't believe they did such stupid rubbish and kept a straight face.  it's fine to do songs along with other famous singers, but don't sing with a car, and don't do pole-vaulting across the stage and then act high at other times.  ..yes there are some good moments in this, but overall,?  i was cringing considerably
it's ok.i was sure that it would be really scary; however i was wrong. it is one of those movies which do not raise your heartbeat and do not have any real special effects. you can buy it maybe for your dvd collection, bout do not pay too much
a collage of previously seen footage..acting: forget it. story: ludacrous. however the production design (sets, the puppet, killer mechanisms) and the cinematography are worth mentioning - although i can tell you now that the stylish overall look of this film will seem awfully dated in a dozen of years. .i'm giving this film 2 stars: one for the efforts of the production design team, the other one is to be shared by the marketing heads of the studio, the editor who cut one hell of a good trailer together and the graphic designer(s) who are responsible for the layouts of all promo material.
get nude for calendar girls.i found this movie to be slow and boring. but i found the story to be good. i thought the idea of having older ladies pose nude for a calendar was cool. and they did it for a good reason. i didn't know it was based on a true story. untile i watched it. i think it took guts for those ladies to do what they did. the story is mainly about one woman who lost her husband to lucimia. and she is in a club called wic. when wic has thier yearly calendar her best friend krissy had the idea to pose nude for a calendar and raise money to supoort lucimia treatment. like i said the story was good but i found the movie boring....  if you liked this movie check out the soundtrack
1 star for the dvd, five stars for the vhs!.i guess i was lucky enough to get my hands on a vhs copy of this movie with the original music, which did not include any chris isaak or k.d. lang songs.  if this is a period movie (and it should be), then period music should be used in all the versions.  it sounds like they couldn't get legal clearance to use all of the original music for the movie, so they replaced songs like "another saturday night" by sam cooke with a song by k.d. lang, who was probably still in diapers in 1963.  that's where the movie took a dive for me in a big way on the dvd version and it only got worse as the movie went on.  other songs were swapped out and music was added in scenes, like at the carnival and the "wild night" scene, where the original version had no music.  ..maybe if enough fans of this movie complain, mgm will blow the dust off their checkbook and pay the original artists (or their estates) to get the rights to use their music.  some bonus features would be nice too.  the least they could do was to allow 60 minute man to finish playing in the credits, like it did on vhs.  if you are lucky enough to own an original vhs copy, you'll notice mgm did not run the full credits like you would normally see in a movie, which would include the music credits.
not one of his best.the film opens with a vice president spouting hysterical propaganda about handguns in detroit. when he leaves, an assassination is attempted by killers dressed as motorcycle policemen! [can you believe this? no explanation follows.] sent to a new precinct, boyd attends an anger management class. leaving early, he gets a chance to manage his anger when he meets strangers admiring his pickup truck. next there is the comic relief in buying an expensive import car. boyd encounters a drug sale, busts it up and arrests a drug dealer. but this is an undercover cop, and boyd finds himself on traffic duty (more laughs). boyd gets a chance to meet other officers at an intramural event. later we see a robbery by masked men who steal 50 kilos of heroin. [does anyone keep this amount?]..more action occurs at a nightclub. seagal shows his fighting skills in a choreographed scene. the film continues to develop the story. this film does not have as good a story as his earlier films. boyd asks a news reporter to gather information on a person with a clean record. but then he is surprised by villains. there is an exciting car chase and crashes, action to pad out this story. another shooting and car chase in a parking garage adds more action.  it shows why you should always wear a seat belt. there is a final showdown that reveals the last villain. friendly forces arrive, like the cavalry in an old western. there is a shootout that puts an end to the conspiracy. ..a good movie has a good storyline, its not a sequence of violent actions. "hard to kill" and "out for justice" were better films. seagal seems to be older, fatter, and slower than in earlier films. john wayne's films hid his aging well.
how many times are they going to make this doggy movie?.you know, usually i am a big fan of older movies as they were typically made better and had better writing, etc. one strong exception that i just watched was "king solomon's mines" from 1950. what a doggy movie! it makes even the lamest disney movie watchable. basically, it is "hey, look at that animal!" and then a cut to some stock footage, except in one case where a giant rubber spider creature creeped along like a relative of "the tingler". star stewart granger also seemed to understand every african language dialect except when it was really important. and, there was also an emphasis on how much ammunition was left, so the final bullets were used on certain natives to great effect. once they got to the mine itself, it was still snoresville and basically a letdown. this was made before in 1937 and again in 1985 and in 2004 which seemingly the same results according to other reviews. why do they keep making this same stupid movie???
sickinging slaughter.during the first ten minutes of this film an elephant is brutely killed--you can see the bullets smash again his skull  other elephants struggle to help their wounded friend before they are driven off. i stopped watching after that
r..... not pg.this movie is rated pg; yet i was not able to show this movie to my kids. i know that the world is full of aggression, however how can i sit with my family and watch a movie with so much violence between kids. some will tell me that it is good to expose children to such violence and possibly reality of life and the human beings among each other. i totally disagree..this movie should be rated r and not pg.2 stars, only because of the great acting; the story is basic, about  a father feeling awful for leaving his best buddy behind during the vietnam war while his kids are fighting other children over a tree hut. i know i am probably going to bombarded with bad feedbacks however this is my honest opinion about this movie.
a real struggle.when kevin kostner does supra-realistic (as in waterworld or the postman) i can tolerate the lapses in factuality. this movie supposedly takes place in mississippi in 1970 according to the blurb on the back cover. he plays a viet nam vet who has kids approaching their teens. it is an important part of the plot that he went through boot camp with a buddy that he had to decide to leave behind after a fire fight in nam. if kostner has almost preteen kids, he started raising a family before the war became escalated so it is highly unlikely he would have gone to nam.. .but granted that were the case, there are at least two parallel plots. one is the kostner must struggle with having left that buddy behind. the other is that his kids are trying to build a treehouse which they must defend against a thuggy rival group. kostner must pass on his values to his own kids. in a scene in which one is reminded of a viet nam fire fight, kostner's kids and their allied defend the treehouse and incidentally save the life of one of the thuggies.. .life is a war, says one of the characters, where you forget what you were fighting for. i'll agree with that. it was a real struggle to muddle through this movie. you forget why you wanted to see this movie in the first place. kostner's character dies trying to save a co-worker. if there is a redemption here it is only for kostner. his family will move to a larger house, but only because of a flukish bank need to write off a bad debt for only a few hundred dollars. . .does his family learn what really is worth fighting for? i would say that the movie shows that they already knew. if the reader thinks otherwise, the reader can write down what s/he thinks the family learned and spin back to the beginning. like i said, a real struggle
breaking news!!! this is boring....js concert was the most boring thing i have ever seen on dvd! my cat was more interested in watching it then i was, and that was only because of jessica's frilly costumes! the sound system stank! i was expecting her voice to echo like crazy. all of jessica's songs were about expressing her love for nick. this dvd is so boring i'm falling asleep just trying to figure out what to say about it.  oh yeah...her vocals were too breathy, that pink thing she wore looked like a flamingo caught in a shredder, and she should have left take my breath away alone!  nick didn't take her breath away she took his when she decided to walk out of their marriage! nick will be siniging i'm taking half away!, and jessica will be singing i should have prenup
reality of a bimbo tour.i cannot understand why people would buy anything by this brainless ,talentless bimbo. she cant sing a song without stupid vocal gymnastics,she cant say anything intelligent and she has a perpetual spaced out expression on her uncharasmatic face.im sick of switching on the tv and seeing her and that equally boring and talentless "husband" of hers.please avoid this tripe and support people who actually made it because of talent and not a slick marketing team
not even worth finishing.saw the previews of the first movie, but i wasn't expecting too much from that. i tried to finish both the first and the second, but that didn't work out too well...i felt these films didn't deserved to be watched all the way to the end. i don't know how some of y'all were able to sit through this poor excuse of a movie, and that includes the first. all i really have to say is you if you like this movie or maybe a better version of it...y'all should really consider watching cops and those insane police chases shown on tv. after all this is just another episode of cops with guest actors in it
paul walker finally yields his throne to....... tyrese gibson, for worst actor ever.  up to this point, i've been a huge paul walker fan for his comedically bad acting.  he's made a career of it.  in this one, his impressive acting techniques involve the use of the word "bro" at least 75 times (to give his character street cred), and thoughtfully rubbing his chin during meetings with the other cops - it's clear walker is deeply considering his plight.  but really walker can't hold a candle to the absolutely atrocious acting of tyrese gibson.  my god where did they find this guy?  the movie would've been ok as a standard, mindless action film, but it really was ruined by the 6th grade drama club acting...now you might be wonderning: who's the genius who decided to put these two together in a movie?  but wait, there's actually method to this madness.  since their was no vin diesel, the director knew he had only paul walker left.  and it's well known that walker cannot carry a film (see "timeline").  so what to do?  of course!  find an actor even worse than walker and cast them together!  all of the sudden walker doesn't look so terrible, because everyone's focusing on this other chump.  and apparently it worked, because a lot of people enjoyed this film, and there's even a sequel.
what in the hell is this? this deserves no stars what so ever!.one hell of a waste of money! if you are expecting alot of the same charectors from the first movie like i was, you are in for a hell of a disappointment! the only reason why i think the first one was bad ass is cause vin diesel was in it, and yeah it was totally bad ass! i'll tell you one thing that this damn thing has in common with the first movie is that the only real cars were destroyed, in this movie you get two real cars this time, a 1969 camaro ss, and a 1970 dodge challenger r/t and they both get destroyed! who in their right mind would destroy those sexy cars! god all mighty! don't waste your money on this movie, i wouldn't take this disappointment if it was given to me! if you are wanting to buy a kick ass movie, buy frost bite! you won't be disappointed
a truly amazing film.this movie is a classic in terms of jaw-droppingly honest self-aggrandizement.  if you took everything out of an early 80's woody allen film except the repugnant parts, you'd get "fall," and it's made me a devoted eric schaeffer fan...what's so amazing about it all is the sheer self-centered wish-fulfillment that schaeffer indulges in.  it's so cool!  every single character in the movie exists only as a vehicle to convey to his character how incredibly great he is -and why not?!  he has two female friends who we know almost nothing about except that they're constantly impressed with his life and abilities as a lover.  he's got the supermodel lover who ultimately dumps him only because he's too cool, too hot, too real for her.  ..i'm not kidding.  you must see this...then there's the sex.  schaeffer's character (who, like shaeffer, is a nyc cab driver who had an affair with a married supermodel who ultimately dumped him) is so amazingly incredible as a lover that he makes his supermodel climax without touching her!  if that's not cool enough, his two lady friends then spend time marveling at this, about how great it is that he did that without touching her!  wow!  later, she actually  violates him with the aid of a toy, but once again it's her who climaxes, thanks to his incredible dirty-talk and overall amazingness.  this guy's a dynamo, and thankfully there isn't a frame of the film that isn't devoted to showing that or having one of the other characters tell him that...as i said, he gets dumped eventually, just like in real life.  but schaeffer wants us to know the truth, that it's because he's too great and she's ultimately too shallow and loves him too intensely.  schaeffer even imagines his lover's husband as a sexless idiot and gives him the line "maybe i'm shallow and superficial, but..."  the husband then goes on to acknowledge that he can't compete with whoever this incredible lover-man is, but that he'll "be there" if she changes her mind and chooses the shallow, easy path.  eric's "character" is just that good...for anyone who, like me, lives in a world where the only obstacles are the fact that some people resent how incredible i am and that the world revolves around me instead of them... this movie is for us
boring..i find this show very boring. like another reviewer said, all they do is travel to the recording studio, watch t.v., do laundry and fight over food. you might as well just watch your parents fight, kids. i mean, at the end of the day, they fight over food and who's grabbing the remote, don't they? they fight over who should do the laundry, right? all that's left is the recording studio part, but that's not very entertaining to watch for us..
i'm so.oh my gaw! that other reviewer is right - i am just so, so jellllllus of jessica and her marriage to nick that watching these dvds makes me want to tear my hair out and smother my husband of six years. i yearn for the life jessie has of being: bleach-blonde, fake-tanned, married to someone whose eyes have surprisingly not fallen out of his sockets given the amount of times he rolls them at her, and whose creepy father constantly hovers around, making comments about her sex life and (...). oh yes, jealous i am. i am soooooooo envious!..i think what i really wish i had is jessie's intellect, ya know, that of a flea, because being stooooopid is hot, y'all. being dumb and man-faced with (...).oh and getting divorced after putting your marriage on the air for three years is just the ultimate cool. it's kind of like throwing out last year's fashions, you know. so if you're dying to live jessie's life vicariously, this is the dvd for you. enjoy
nick and jessica were morons..she sings and acts like a airhead, he acts like the sams sort of idiots who fight in the professional wrestkers league...from the moment these two were married in 2002, the press and the talk shows were all over them like vultures flying over a carcass.   so the silly fools did this stupid reality show for mtv, destroying whatever change they might have had in a life together and filmed every aspect of their lives in front of a camera, now today big surprise, simpson and lachly are getting divorsed.  the silly fools asked for it and in the end, it led to heart break
ny city ballet 2 - thumbs down.i am an adult ballet student. i've been dancing for 4 years and wanted to be able to workout at home when i couldn't make a class. this video is not a ballet class workout - there is no bar, center, across the floor setup. there is no music for you to feel as you watch the few exercises they guide you through. it is more of an aerobics class workout. the dancers are wearing dance sneakers!  i'm very disappointed and glad it cost me less than $10 to buy this - i'd return it if i could!  the voice on the tape is horrifically monetone and the dancers are not moving to any type of music - there's the same background music playing the whole time so you can't even feel a pattern. do not waste your time on this if you are looking to mimic a ballet class workout.
the trip ...............................................to hell.i was majorly disappointed in this mega award winning film. i give it a generous 2 stars because the actors were good and portrayed their characters very well. photography was also good as was sound quality. none of this means a thing to me as the whole movie was stupid. this could have been a great film but the story was majorly lacking. the love story was good but you see very little of it in the whole film. most of it revolves around the story at what took place when the two were broken up. "the trip" sequence was the best part of the whole thing, but very short and by this time, the two characters were doomed to never be together except for only a couple days when all was lost. if you're looking for something with a happy ending, this is not even close! in fact if you're looking for something with a happy middle, you will be disappointed with this one. the only real accomplishment to this film is the fact that a plant survived all the way through the 11 years spanned by this meaningless, very poorly written tale. (most likely to die in the deserts of mexico). it is a chaotic, weird tale of the 70's radical gay demonstration era which praises drug addiction, hippies, yuppies and irresponsible sexual endulgence. it is a flaming queen kind of production and if you are anywhere near mainstream, i suspect you will, as i did, find it repulsive and just way too far out there! it is such portrayals of the gay lifestyle as this, which makes society in general hate all gays. i think there are a whole lot better avenues for gay film making than this film could ever dream of. perhaps if you have a widescreen television you will be able to see the whole picture or even read half the credits which are cut off on both sides of the screen for some unexplained reason. very poor film making. i couldn't have been more disappointed. my recommendation is to pass on this one. there are plenty of good films out there to spend your money on. this isn't it. i had high hopes all thoughout "the trip", that things would finally warm up and start going somewhere. it didn't. if you watch this one, i hope you get more out of it than i did.
nice and easy.this movie was good, but not very entertaining, (just my opinion)i liked it but after watching it didnt really feel like i wanted to watch it again, but its a good movie to lend to friends.
the princess trash.when i first saw the film, i liked it.  i didn't love it or anything, but i found it vaguely enjoyable.  then i found out there were books!  so i read the books.....and now i hate the movie...what is the big idea here?  i like anne hathaway, but she completely failed to portray mia the way she should have.  mia in the books hates being a princess, did not really want to be dressed up and pretty, and is obsessed with greenpeace and saving animals.  she is opinionated, funny, and a bit nerdy, with her head way up in the sky.  she is not a girly-girl, she is not glamourous, and she is not a great beauty...as for the other characters?  mia's friend/bodyguard lars in the books is changed to the bodyguard joe, who is in love with mia's grandmother.  i'm sorry, but no.  ..and speaking of mia's grandmother, what is up with clarisse renaldo here?  in the books, she was a cranky witch who always yells at mia and puts her down or tries to manipulate her, and she always drinks and smokes while her balding poodle cowers in the corner.  in the movies, she is nice.  the perfect royal grandmother.  i would not have picked julie andrews to play her, mostly because i can't see julie andrews tattooing eyeliner around her eyes and shaving her eyebrows to pencil new ones on...lilly wasn't terribly different that i can remember.  she was more fleshed out and detailed in the books, though.  but mia never mentions her crush on michael until the end.  she liked josh richter for about two weeks.  she had a crush on michael from the first grade...also, disney is gearing this towards the wrong audience.  the books were definitely pg-13, what with mia's mother getting pregnant with her algebra teacher's baby, mia at one point catching her cousin rene using a fax machine to photograph his "nether regions," and other things like that.  it was not meant to be a cutesy movie for eight-year-old girls who love pink.  the integrity of the books has been raped...go ahead and praise it if you want, but this movie is complete and total garbage.  i haven't even seen the second one, where mia turns 21 and has to get married, although there is no such clause in the books, the whole movie isn't even based on a book, and in the books, mia never passes age 15.  what are the fine folks at disney doing to people?  all the new movies that have come out recently, with the exceptions of finding nemo and pirates of the carribean, have been terrible.  just like this movie.  i would reccommend the books in the princess diaries series to anyone, but please do not watch this movie
girl movie.girls in this movie are portrayed as underdogs struggling against stupid boy bullies. it's a pretty way to boy-bash and promote sexist stereotypes that girls are good and boys are bad.
madonna - the immaculate deception.i love madonna!!!!! but.... i purchased the original vhs version back when it first came out. now the dvd version, and reproduction quality is really poor! the videos are blurry -- its as if they lost the original (or was not able to obtain it) and used a copy and made a new one from it. for example, in the video "pappa don't preach", in some of the "low light" parts, you cant even make out their faces - total silhouette... not so on the vhs version...but i did get a big surprise on the dvd that was not on the vhs version and that was madonna had (2) wardrobe malfunctions in her dance sequences in the "pappa don't preach" video,  - two total breast with full nipple exposure on both!!! this was edited out on the vhs version. sorry miss jackson...looks like madonna did it first again!..overall, most of the videos on the dvd were not as crisp and clear as the original vhs version
0 stars: this is pure nonsense..we got jason in space and we get pinhead in space.  this is pure nonsense.  words of wisdom to the makers of these sequels: when you start putting horror movie villains in space to kill people, it's time to stop making these movies!
poorly done.the setting-sometime in the near future.  the premise-a family man who is making a space repisintation of the box, only to find out that an ancestor of his made the original box that unleased the hell demons that we know so well.  give it a break, the future and evil demons have been done before. give it a rest.   a poorly thought and unoriginal movie about a man who is trying to close the gates to hell.  this sound familiar?  if it doesn't don't even consider watching this horrible movie
blood is thicker than water: gory, flawed--- beautiful.nobody in hollywood would deny that the movie business is war. and as we all know from general sherman, war is hell. ..first-time director kevin yagher found that out the hard way. when studio chiefs brought in joe chappelle to fill in what they thought were gaps in the movie, yagher walked off the set, pulled his name from this fourth hellraiser installment and cursed it to movie development hell, branding it with the ultimate shame of having been directed by "alan smithee", the hollywood calling card of a disaffected director. ..frankly, i think yagher acted prematurely---"bloodline" is flawed, one of the weakest of the brooding "hellraiser" franchise---but taken on its own terms, it bumps and grinds quite nicely and sheds plenty of the red sauce along the way. .."bloodline" is an entertaining little wallow in the ghoulish legendry of the hellish cenobites, their tormented minions, and the earthly conjurers who hope to bring the demons into the material world for gain and glory, and end up giving "body piercing" a whole new meaning. .."bloodline" feels like a film created by committee, which is exactly what it turned out to be. it is uneven, jumping from scene to scene in fits and starts; it's evident that yagher's vision was unfulfilled and his contempt justified. ..the film begins on a space station, with science officer dr. paul merchant (played by french canadian actor bruce ramsay, who does a stellar turn with all of the le merchant/merchant roles) interrupted by a security team while trying to summon the demonic cenobites using a high-tech version of the infamous lament configuration. ..interrogated by one of the marines (played by the lovely but underused christine harnos), merchant reveals that he is the last in a bloodline of inventors and scientists, and that his ancestor phillip le merchant was a fabled 18th century french toymaker who first created the hellish lament configuration. ..here's my advice: while i bought "bloodline" for its gaudy, gory imagery and style, i would rent it and watch the first 40 minutes, if only for the fact that yagher commits to celluloid some of the most graphic, stylish, erotic and disturbing images ever filmed. ..the story of the toymaker's design and delivery of the wicked box to a french nobleman, hedonist and sadist (played to the wild-eyed feverish hilt by mickey cottrell) is both hellacious and eerily beautiful, shot in natural light, the candles and firelight glittering on a palette of flesh, bone and blood. it is beautiful stuff, and i can see why yagher resigned in disgust when his vision was commandeered by chapelle. ..oh, and chilean actress valentina vargas is glorious as the demoness angelique, with or without skin: she can rend my flesh any day of the week. ..other than that, "bloodline" is forgettable: we move from le merchant to his 20th century architect descendant and a skyscraper crammed with cenobites, and thence to the haunted space station. while some reviewers have complained that the gory sequence in which two hapless twin security guards are transformed is both gratuitous and brings the movie to a halt, i enjoyed it: it's a wickedly bloody, gory piece in prime hellraiser style. finally, douglas bradley is in fine form as pinhead---but then again, when isn't he? ..for the hardcore hellraiser fan, buy this dvd---if you don't have it in your collection already. for the casual gorehound, a rental might suffice, if only to savor the supple, gorgeous, haunting 18th century prologue. for filmmakers, it's a prime example of how not to go about making a horror movie. ..js
nope.i was not into this movie at all.  my mother recommended it to me but it was lame all the way through.  a middle-aged man decides he wants to do something different with his life, so he takes a dance class.  ofcourse there's a fine dance instructor, a crush is pursued, a wife gets jealous, hires a detective, and *gasp* his crush is found out.  the movie was too predictable and it just wasn't for me.  not a bad movie, just not my cup of tea.  richard gere was cute as usual, which was the only thing that made me watch it to the end, besides wanting to know what a correct quick step looked like since "so you think you can dance" never had contestants who mastered it
roger ebert loved it.......should've been my first clue, any movie he likes i hate. without doubt easily in the top 5 of the worst movies i've ever seen. now i am a jason statham fan, and i loved the first film which was the best action film in years...and we haven't much action films for a while and what little there is has been garbage. unfortunately the transporter 2 is the absolute worst...ever. this film is totally different from the original, whereas the original was a great action flick for our modern age, this one takes the franchise and statham's main character and turns it into some mixture of james bond, fast  the furious, and looney tunes...that's right, looney tunes. this is the most unbelievably retarded movie i've ever seen, i'm not going to give away anything, in fact i kind of recommened it so people can see for themselves just how terrible it really is and how not to make a movie...but just to illustrate how beyond idiotic this movie is, where do i begin? ok, the guy keeps a bunch of freshly pressed and plastic sealed suits in the trunk of his magical car, a car which half the time is flying in the air jumping from the tops of skyscraper to skyscraper fleeing the miami police force as well as machine gun toting hermaphrodites. anyone that lives in the south florida area like myself will surely find some of the scenes hysterical where one moment there's a car chase in the streets of miami, the chase goes down another road and the scenery magically transforms to west palm beach...about 90 miles and 2 hours away...those are some really fast cars there!
great film what was columbia pictures thinking with this poor dvd release?!.i still own the original dvd release for this film which sports the great panavision 2.20:1 aspect ratio... how can you offer a new and better special edition of a film like this and use a pan/scan version beefed up by new audio tracks? who ever was responsible for this should have been fired immediatly nbo questions asked they obviously have no love for the original aspect ratio of any film let alone annie. what a waste of a release and time and effort.
terrible transfer.this transfer looks like a poor cam shot in a theater. i have seen better bootlegs from cam shots than this dvd. it looks horrible. i wish i could rank the film seperate from the dvd quality -- since i can't, i am going to put 1 star due to the transfer; if i could put a lower rating, i would. that's how unprofessional this transfer is.
print is utter crap.first off...be aware.  even though it isn't stated anywhere explicitly on the page, this item is pan  scan.  that's what an aspect ratio of 1.33/1 means.  i missed that...second, the print is total crap.  it's completely grainy, and it looks like it was transferred from vhs.  stay away and look for another version of this dvd
lyncherei.about as comprehensible as one expects a david lynch movie to be, but not completely unwatchable (i finsihed it!)...robert blake appears to have been made up to look like lugosi doing dracula (sans cape). this is perhaps intended to be a clue to something or other. ..the best thing about this movie is its soundtrack. in turn, the best part of the soundtrack is this mortal coil (with elizabeth fraser's chastely sensuous voice) performing a haunting cover of tim buckley's "song to the siren." predictably, it's missing from the soundtrack album
don't buy it!.i was dreaming to see this movie for a long time, since 1997. and finally i bought it in europe for 10 euro. so what did i find there? nothing, there is lack of everything. anyone can shoot something like this, adding clowns in movie does not make it masterpiece. it is not that i do not like david lynch's movies but here mr. lynch and some other people simply wanted to make money. one of the worsest movies ever seen
wanted: swamp fox dvd set: whole!!!!!!!.my husband and i were all set to buy this for christmas for our 2 boys but i read the reviews and i know i would not buy it unless the entire collection was offered. hurry, disney, and release all episodes in one set!!!!!!!
glad i read the reviews first!.the reviewer who called this a disney "bait  switch" hit the nail right on the head! i, too, remember seeing all these episodes on tv as a kid, then later on disney channel, and was awaiting these to be released on dvd, as i have already purchased the davy crockett and tomorrowland sets and loved them both; but imagine my overt disappointment when i read the actual details of this slapped together, third rate offering!.i never cared for the elfego baca story, i had been known to go to my room and voluntarily do my homework on sunday nights when these episodes played, but i would have gladly paid the price for this set if it had included all of the "swamp fox" episodes!.above and beyond the fact that i am proud to have francis marion as a distant relative, and that i hail from the same part of our great country as this hero of the revolutionary war, who, with his compatriots, probably contributed as much as george washington, thomas jefferson, or any of the other founding fathers to win us our freedom, i really loved this story just for itself!.not only have i decided not to waste my money on this incomplete set, i have even gone as far as removing it from my "wish list" to save the funds of my family and friends, as well! i shall wait to see, hopefully, if disney will ever release the entire "swamp fox" story in a complete set, for which i would gladly pay their somewhat exorbitant price
the ol' bait and switch scam.i am truely grateful for this feedback forum!  one has to read very carefully to ascertain that this dvd only contains a few of these two fine series.  and at such a price!  i concur with many others that for the price, i expected to receive both series - complete.  it seems that disney offered one thing and delivered another!  the ol' bait and switch scam
too little, too late.i, too, wish i had read more reviews before buying the set. although the interview with loggia was great (i remember him fondly as ex-cat burglar thomas hewitt everett cat from the old one-season 't.h.e. cat' series that played at 9:30 on nbc fridays long ago...i think u.n.c.l.e. was playing afterwards, but i could be wrong about that...it might have been the season star trek played at 10), the number of episodes of the two shows was very disappointing...if disney can give us an entire 17 hours of spin and marty, what's with three episodes each of these two? this is not a good value for $35. most full seasons of 25 episodes of most tv shows are in this same price range...don't forget, disney, you're talking tv shows here...ones that you're rerun on your own channels. (unfortunately, when i didn't have access to the network.) asking $35 for six episodes is very steep...i wouldn't buy another set if they issued another with more episodes. too pricy...bo
augh!!!!.so close, and yet so far.  i have been watching swamp fox since i was a kid.  unfortunately, one horrible night, i accidently hit the record button when the tape my dad had it on was in the vcr.  we lost 2 and a half epidodes!!!!!!  maybe 1 and a half, but all the same, i have always grieved the loss.  anyhow, my little bro saw this in the store and started dancing.  much to my dismay, however, when i investigate it, i find not only not all the episodes, but they are out of order!!!!!!!  how could this happen?..as for elfego...  he is great too.  my dad also had him on recordings, and we watched him all the time.  so this was a doubly pleasant surprise.... until i read the details.  only 3 bloomin episodes?????  you have got to be kidding me!!  and they are out of order as well.  disney, you were so close to getting $30 of my money, and you just lost it...
preaching disguised as a movie..after watching spirited away i was excited to watch other movies by the same director. unfortunately every movie seems to be an excuse to preach his simplistic "it's bad to hate" message..what the creators of princess mononoke and others like them refuse to admit is that hate is a natural reaction and even healthy when directed towards the destructive, disgusting things of the world. yes, hate can become overly consuming, just as any other emotion can overcome us, or we an hate the good things of the world making us the bad one's,(just as loving that which is evil wouldn't be a good thing)  but placed in its proper context at the proper time, at that which deserves hate helps us avoid dangers and deal with certain problems..and the people who claim that hate is all-evil themselves hate the "haters", which i find comical..   the movie also has strong pro feminist/anti man messages. .   i wanted to like this film but i don't appreciate being duped into listening to people rant and rave about nonsense
did i miss something here?.i am a great fan of bernstein's "candide".  i saw the 1974 production twice.   my wife saw it three times -- she took a friend once.   ..this dvd should have been an excellent performance.  lupone and chenowith after all, but the dvd copy i have has such abysmal sound that any enjoyment of the performance is near impossible.   muddy, echoing, not really even a clear visual image...i assumed it was a really bad recording job.   is it just that i have a bad dvd copy?
game 6: the $500,000 movie - four strikes, you are out. out!.upon the brief trailers and dvd cover that gave me the visuals of this show, i thought i would really enjoy it. it was set 20 years ago during the famous world series made infamous by a single error that ended up keeping the curse alive and putting into motion (later in the series) the mets (led by such greats as lenny dykstra and daryl strawberry) beating the red sox (roger clemens, wade boggs, to name a few) in that world series. the error goes down as one of the most famous in all of sports.  that, however, is in the foreground, much like the yankee's world series was (led by reggie jackson's heroic and never ending home run hits) in the movie "son of sam" serial killing spree of sam berkowitz in nyc in the 1970's...at first glance, i thought there was going to be a series of dramatic events that lead up to a climatic conclusion, all the way down to the end when bill buckner misses the easy grounder to first base. what we end up getting is one of those movies that tries to execute a series of characters and events in their lives, tie it all together, and have some meaning come out of it. the result is what i should have expected from a movie whose budget is a tenth of what some players make nowadays: dull, boring, spinning wheels that get stuck, continue to spin, and lead nowhere. there is nothing poignant, profound, or purposeful with the script of this movie, and if there is, i guess i was to wrapped up in watching the red sox let another one slip away.  first off, we have a decent cast to say the least: michael keaton, robert downey jr., and catherine o'hara (home alone fame) are all actors who have shined in the past and though aren't so much of household names anymore, can still carry their craft to the greatest of limits...the problem is not them. the problem is the script! michael keaton is a man about to go through a divorce. his daughter is busier turning the volume up on her walkman (remember, this is 1986, not 2006) and he's seeing a lot of things unravel before his eyes. it doesn't seem to bother him much though, as the character keaton plays (nicky rogan) is a famous playwright in the big apple who seems more interested visiting with multiple cab drivers in a day than anything else. the camera is always showing the cabbies id cards on the dash to make sure we know that they are from the middle east. strike one: this little display doesn't seem to get anything across that has any purpose or direction with the film, and seems not only unnecessary, but also ultimately annoying after about the fourth cab ride. rogan is about to have a personal drama performed and he's not sure how it's going to be perceived by the masses. strike two: despite all the things outside rogan saying he's supposed to be worried, scared, or bothered, he doesn't really come across that way. if anything this character acts more like a fake puppet than a man with any emotion, feeling, or personality.  he is supposed to be nervous because critic david schwimmer (downey jr.) is going to be the major reviewer of his new play. schwimmer himself received a bad review or something and is now some sort of syd barret (see: pink floyd founder/drugs/gone crazy supposedly/left band/becomes artistic recluse) in his apartment and seems to spend most of his time just staring at walls and acting like he's had a lobotomy with a drill that has a low battery. strike three: this entire subplot never takes off and despite bringing this character into the foreground, including a standoff with rogan in schwimmer's apartment with rogan's teen daughter half naked on the couch, it just doesn't fly. by this time in the movie i'm saying i don't really care...i'm going to give them one more chance at bat...strike four!: at one point in the movie, rogan is told he should carry a gun for safety. okay i'm thinking there will be some bernard goetz (see: bernard goetz/weird engineer/ny resident/4 would be robbers on subway/goetz shoots them/becomes cult icon/hero/crazy dude for self defense and gun ownership) type situation brewing. the gun is fired off in schwimmer's apartment a few times but nobody gets hurt (thankfully, i mean i didn't really want anyone to get hurt). after that (i'll call a ball one! here) schwimmer and rogan sit down and start talking because they realize they have something in common that is a stronger bond than most realize: they both are boston natives, and huge red sox fans.  rogan's mistress, who happens to be funding his new play, and rogan's father, who is in ailing health and rogan visits now and again, make guest appearances. there are a few bright spots in the movie when things like the already mentioned red sox bond come into play, but ultimately this thing is over by the fourth inning. sure, the fat lady isn't singing yet, but like they said in the special features part of the dvd; the world series wasn't technically over for the sox in that game, as the loss forced it to game seven in which the mets ultimately won, but it didn't matter. every fan knew it was a done deal, despite the hope...in the end rogan skips his plays debut and ends up offering the cab driver that happens to have her grandson with her (nope, this time its actually someone not from the middle east) to go to a bar and watch the game. the actual footage of the game was fun to watch for this sports fan, though i still feel bad for buckner, and all the bosox fans, when that ball went through his glove and the mets scored the winning run as a result...special features: in trying to be objective to my own criticism of this film, i learned that there were basically two ideas (1986 world series  playwright vs. critic showdown) that were eventually melded into one. although its not a total loss considering the movie did surprisingly only cost half a million dollars to film, its not a gain at all because the script in regard to the playwright vs. critic storyline is way to loose. it never really comes across strong and again, with the exception of the bosox tie between the two men, the journey to get there is filled with eccentric drivel and boring dialogue that don't hold up well at all. i understand its an "unconventional film" but that does not excuse it from having a weak script and scenes that are made epic but ultimately deliver nothing of substance in the film.  in the end, this sports fan was pleased with the different people involved with the film telling where they were and how they felt when buckner missed that ball. it's to bad that kind of passion was not put into a stronger script that helped tie the themes and overall storyline together better...oh yeah, i gave it an extra "strike", and its still here. sorry, you are outta here! game over! see you on the "field of dreams" someday in rerun land.
ebert and roper are morans.in a another patheic performance, keaton plays a plyawright whose fate seems tied to wither the red sox win the 1986 world series.  ebert and roper liked this movie, but most preview audiences did not and there for it is only getting a limited release...it also boasts a rather lame performance by robert domey (who does the worst christopher walken take-off ever).  this shows how out of touch movie critics are with the movie going public
good show but both the dvd and vhs are editted.i am in agreement with several of the reviews that indicate the dvd version is editted.  sadly, so is the used vhs copy i purchased.  maybe it was once available on vhs uneditted but not anymore.  beyond the scenes already mentioned as missing, additional scenes include more background on the mac team and steve job's recruitment for the team; early discussions at apple to make the mac open source; and an extended scene about the "microserfs".  by my count there are 21 edits (large and small) which add an additional 15 to 20 minutes.  i see no reason for the edits since they could easily fit on a videotape or stereo dvd.  i am guessing bob thought he improved the pacing of this program by the edits and a few are more "politically correct."  but i am still waiting for the full version.  in the meantime, i will keep my old broadcast edition
what a horrible butcher job of a masterpiece!!!!!.so there i was......browsing through amazon.com and on "the page i made" up pops, guess what? triumph of the nerds on dvd. seeing this, i was just reaching for my credit card to snap up a copy of it when bam! i read one of the reviews.........still a great show, but the ambrose edition is not complete!, october 28, 2004 . reviewer:    sean breazeal (mt. pleasant, ut usa)..i immediately checked with bob, and yes, sure enough, several minutes had been cut from the original us release for "space" requirements..in his defense, bob had no input on this. were it me? i'd be hopping mad...instead of the publisher, ambrose, using this opportunity to create a new and valuable product by adding deleted scenes, extended version, and extras, they chose to go on the cheap and cut to fit rather than make a product worth purchasing...bob cringely is a genius and is thorough in all he does. had they used this chance to extend what was probably the best compilation of the modern 'net age and add what i'm sure was hours of extra content bob had to cut, i'd have been the first guy willing to pay retail to buy it. having purchased 3 copies of the boxed video set (1 lost to a fire, 1 lost to a non-returning friend) there would have been no hesitation to this. in fact, i'd have watched it straight through on receipt...what a horrible, horrible mistake ambrose has made..fix it!!!!..don't walk, run from this edition. i know it's old school, but do yourself a favor and buy the video tape version. you'll thank me later
sadly one of the worst films made!!!!!!!.great cast / horrible script / laughable performaces / a waste of time , money  film / they put soo much makeup on the very beautiful cate blanchett that she looks like carnival clown   that is sad / depp looks like he wants to kill somebody / ricci plays a russian little orphan annie virgin and turturro lip sings opera as a horse relieves himself on the stage / sounds like a comedy but it is not / stay clear of this disaster please
censored!.my boyfriend uploaded the cut scenes from the movie. look up "sunflower clip banned from disney's fantasia" and you can see the three scenes in full! and if they don't show up, email me for the links
awful, horrible, ridiculous..i cannot get thru this one.  i started fast-forwarding but there didn't appear to have any good spots.  when i saw that christian cammpbell was in this, i thought, this has to be good.  i had just finished a movie where he starred.  can't remember the name of it.  i guess a person should never buy a movie because of who stars in it.  tori spelling is well known, but not to me.  someone should have put her out of her misery right from the start.  she does not play a flake very well, and i don't know what to call her except a flake.  i stopped this dvd in about the first 1/2 hour and will go back and give it another shot, but with tori spelling as one of the leads, i already know this one does not have a prayer.  i would say; save your money on this one unless you are under 13.  i have a ton of straight and gay movies that tell a story and a couple or few that don't.  this one falls into this category. one that came with this one was "the broken hearts club" and while not my cup of tea it was far superior to this piece of garbage.
dull and boring. this 'trick' should refund your money....like most indie gay themed movies, "trick" had quite a bit of buzz around it. a terrific movie with tori spelling! how could i not love it?  i loved "die mommy, die!", "girls will be girls", and "jeffrey". so i gotta love this too, right? right??..i found it cloyingly sweet and completely out of touch with reality. a hot go-go boy wants to hook up with a nerdy dweeb?   .uh... why??..so they spend the whole evening looking for a place to get busy.  and then it's one contrived situation after another getting in the way of their plans.  as much as i can't stand tori spelling's "acting", she's the only performer not phoning it in. (maybe she had an extra espresso before the shoots?)  what little life there is in this movie, it owes it to her...the problem is that both male leads are incredibly dull and not that good looking.  the "sizzling" dancer looked like bored monkey. and the soft, sensitive gabriel has no personality. why these two people continue to want to have sex with each other after six hours of roadblocks is a complete mystery.  i guess if go-go boy dropped the zero and found another guy (which wouldn't be too much of an effort for him), there wouldn't be much of a movie...a cameo by miss coco peru is a nice treat.  but she's lit so unflatteringly and gives a monologue so ghoulish, you'd think she was in a different movie...high expectations, very low gratification. honestly, skip it
naughty but clever.yes. wild things is what i recommend for our jaded eyes. aren't we sick of all the crowd pleasing pg-13 shows which are neither sexy or action packed - most of all with hardly a plot? wild things is sex sex sex but with witty capital h humor and a twisted story...recent eye candy shows could learn a thing or two from this film. candy can remain sweet and sickening but a great script and a good cast (from oscar nominee matt dillon, kevin bacon etc) can turn candy into cuisine
criterion misses the boat on this one.i'm fairly certain that most people who have seen this movie have seen it because debbie harry is in it. it is a thought-provoking movie which leaves a lot to the viewers' discretion. is debbie harry real or is she just another "videodrome" hallucination? i definately wouldn't say this is a "fun" movie either...after watching it i felt dirty and sleazy, like i needed to take a long hot shower. anyway, since this is the big fancy "criterion collection" dvd, one would think that they would serve up the extra scenes which can be seen on the tv version of videodrome shown on on sci-fi etc.. but no, instead they give us the same version thats been in circulation since the days of vhs! they don't even include the extra scenes as bonus material. what a waste! unless you are really anxious to hear james woods commentary (debbie's on there too, but doesn't talk too much) then i would save myself the extra $25 and just buy the old dvd version
gilmour takes us on a bumpy ride.i knew that this concert dvd was an acoustic show so i wasn't surprised that the tempo was slow at the beginning. but to start the show with gilmour tuning his guitar was a bit much. ..once he did start playing, gilmour was having such a hard time finding his rhythm that i found myself praying for the drums to kick in. ..by the time things settle down, the really glaring problem with this dvd comes to the surface. the mix is horrible. the crowd noise drowns out gilmour at times when they cheer a song they recognize, he is almost inaudible when talking between songs and at many points the backup singers completely cancel him out. i found myself constantly adjusting the volume which really takes away from the "concert experience"...there are high points in the show, but the low points are rock bottom. comfortably numb is a song that millions of people know by heart. two versions are provided on this dvd - from the concert and in the bonus section. neither of the guest singers (robert hewitt and sir bob geldoff) know the words, have to read from sheet music and based on their phrasing have never heard the song before. gilmour would have been better off asking for a volunteer from the audience. ..the very best thing on this dvd is, oddly enough, in the bonus section. screamin' jay hawkins' i put a spell on you, a blues standard performed with mica paris and jools holland, almost makes the dvd worth buying. almost. ..watch jonathan demme's beautiful treatment of neil young: heart of gold if you really want to see a great acoustic show. that is the gold standard.
hard to keep up with.i would not recommend this video and wonder why it got so high reviews from other people.  the pace is way too fast and they change positions very often.  it was hard for me to keep up with all of the different positions as an adult.  i couldn't imagine how kids could.  the kids on the video must have practiced for at least a year so they could all be in sync.  i would recommend "kick to get fit jr. - for kids" by rich grogan if you are wanting a work out that kids can actually keep up with and is fun
it's not a good thing.unveils all the skeletons in martha stewart's closet.  the acting here is fairly competent, however i don't find ms. stewart very interesting so i can't recommend this.  watch it for yourself and decide.  but remember, you won't find this dvd on the shelves of her beloved k-mart
worst movie i've ever seen.i would have given this film 0 stars if possible.  this film was long, boring, and painful to watch.  if you like jane austen films or other bbc period films, do not be deceived by this one; it is nothing like those types of films
only mildly interesting, and no "classic".i saw this at the library and brought it home, thinking it might be interesting to watch. i very rarely watch films made after the 1950's, but this one looked as if it could be enjoyable. it ended up being only mildly enjoyable, and a bit boring. i felt that within all the time it ran, we didn't really get a good understanding of the inner being of the main characters; seemed to remain in shallow waters all along. the film was sort of good...pretty photography,and for the most part it seemed like the costumes, hair, way of speaking, etc. were accurate for the time period (so often such movies are so obviously modern people dressed up and pretending to be from way back when) but something just wasn't quite right, and it is hard to know exactly what it was. i was surprised and disappointed that there was quite a long scene with male nudity which to me was quite unnecessary and inappropriate. i think the whole swim scene could have been done effectively without showing full nudity. i am grateful the women in the film remained properly clothed. so i would not recommend this film for families with young  children, because of the nudity.
good movie but.....i find this movie to be a really good young people's movie.  there is a lot of a somewhat realistic fantasy mood here.  good songs, good dancing.  the fact they went half way around the world for a different backdrop is also a positive.  this at least has some young people looking for the location of spain, just to be informed...inspirational in a way to send a message you can make it if you try.  not just singing and dancing, but translating in to anything you might attempt.  work for your goal, and be willing to work hard...but there is just one very big glaring misstep, no a dilibrate oversight.  here we have four very lovely young ladies, of color, but there are purposely no young men of color in any major role in this movie.  why?  socially in the 21st century disney has deleted a part of our society.  from "the cinderella story" starring brandy, to the "cheetah girls 2".  no young men of color.  shame on you disney...there is an old saying, "it is not what you say, it is what you do".  what you have a habit of doing sends a very, very negative message to all our young people.
against my better judgment.i watched this with some trepidation, and i have to say it was both better and worse than i thought it would be.  it was better because it remained fairly true to the original, in terms of retaining the multiple conflicting story lines and the ambiguous ending.  it was worse because the attempts at erotica were less entertaining than the original, and i found stone's lampshade hairstyle oddly distracting...a couple of things kept me viewing this dvd.  one was the london setting, which gave me an opportunity to see what time has done to one of my old home towns.  the other was sharon stone's rather plucky performance, and the presence of charlotte rampling, who has aged into a different kind of beauty.  morrisey doesn't even come close to filling michael douglas's shoes, and it's hard to feel sorry for him at the end...as with the first movie, you are left with the feeling that there was a better film waiting to be made.  the basic idea of a psychotic novelist who feels compelled to act out her fantasies in real life is an intriguing one.  however, both movies were quick to abandon hitchcockian understatement for speeding cars and gratuitous sex.  there's nothing wrong with either of these things, but here they just get in the way
beautiful sharon stone aside, the film is just awful.sharon stone reprises the role of crime novelist catherine tramell that made her internationally famous back in 1992. the truth is, she shouldn't have...`basic instinct 2' has no sizzling sex appeal of leg-crossing catherine 14 years ago. she is (i mean sharon stone) is still beautiful, posing before david morrissey's police psychoanalyst who diagnoses her as `being addicted to risk' with his very serious face. in fact, she is seen in the opening scene doing you know what in the car madly driving in the street of london that ends up with a bizarre traffic accident. ..i know michael caton-jones is trying to set the tone of the entire film. he succeeds, but unintentionally as making it a campy comedy. sharon stone does not miss a single chance to change her fancy dresses, posing before the embarrassed and ensnared david morrissey, delivering such lines as would be imprinted in your memories long after watching the film, about very insightful commentary about oedipus and the smell of the crime scenes. seriously, i am greatly impressed with sharon stone who can deliver such nonsense without making us bored. ..aside from the uncanny ability of sharon stone who can be in outrageous character, `basic instinct 2' has nothing that would justify making the long-delayed sequel. murders are shown by the number way; the trauma of the psychiatrist (virtually recycling the same material as the original) is just uninteresting; and the worst is the dearth of sexual thrills surrounding catherine. sharon stone looks sexy, that is good, but few scenes can successfully convey the suggested dangers behind this character...the supports like david thewlis, hugh dancy and charlotte rampling are also wasted (especially dancy who appears and soon goes away). the confusing climax and a `big surprise' (or is it?) is annoying bad, having no impact on us whatever. do those who made this film really mean that as ending?..it is true that you just cannot take your eyes off sharon stone, but not the same reason as she was in the original, which was really erotic and exciting. this one is simply not
disappointed.basic instinct was a pretty good movie.  basic instinct 2, not so good.  but sharon stone is still hot!  it is worth buying the movie just to see her
gives sequels a bad name.how i made it through this poorly executed, poorly written sequel, i have no idea. catherine's in trouble again and people she meets are dying. who's the murderer, catherine, the shrink who lusts over her, or the cop who's so eager to toss her into the clink and throw away the key? catherine certainly gets around: she manages to befriend the most unlikely of people, all associates or ex-wives or enemies of the shrink, and most of them end up dead. is she trying to drive the shrink nuts, or does she plan to kill him?..this movie makes little sense: it doesn't thrill or tantalize. and it offers sharon stone in an unflattering light, as a cold seductress with little to offer but mindless sex. but then that seems to be her best role, doesn't it? it doesn't work this time around, and the only realism is in stone's sneer: it looked all too natural
the sick, the sicker, and the dead.the film opens with three men arriving at a house. they draw their pistols and rush in. shots are fired, and tuco escapes. then a bounty hunter visits an isolated house, searching for "jackson". he learns the new name of "bill carson" (they were part of a gang of robbers). there is an exchange of opinions, shots are fired. the bounty hunter leaves to report to his boss, and perform another job. next we see a wanted man captured by three men. another man shows up to eliminate the competition, like a lion driving away hyenas. the wanted man is turned in for the reward. but his hanging is prevented, and he rides away to be recycled. [can you believe this?]..tuco catches up to his former partner and captures him, the tables are turned. [this is like a cartoon.] just like it looks like it is over for "blondie" a runaway wagon appears to begin a new story! a dying man tells of a buried treasure of stolen payroll. now tuco must care for "blondie" because he knows the name on the grave that contains the treasure. as they ride away, they see a gray troop of cavalry coming for them. the gray turns out to be dust on their blue uniforms. [another joke.] now they are prisoners and sent to a camp. [was there really combat in the southwest?] this film is like a succession of short stories linked through the same characters...tuco manages to escape from the train. later "blondie" escapes and they meet again. there is more gunplay in eliminating the competition for their business deal. they arrive at a huge cemetery, much too large for the small town shown in this film. [obviously staged.] and so there is a showdown between the good, the bad, and the ugly. scratch one rival. the film ends with a sick joke about hanging. i wonder why some people rate this film highly?..the vocalized song means there is no problem in translation to another language. [isn't it funny?] the most interesting part is how a 1950s style western was created by europeans after they became obsolete in hollywood. not that they can't do better.
worst film ever.i have seen many pathetic films in my life. this topped them. did i rate one star? sorry- i meant negative 11 stars. it was the absolute worst movie i have ever seen in my entire life. it was a total waste of three hours when i could have been sleeping. there was no point. the script and storyline were pathetic. the gore was overdone- too much blood, killing, and the like. it was totally historically inaccurate, and the civil war scenes were so grossly unrealistic that it was laughable. all civil war veterans are rolling over in their graves. any scene that was supposed to be touching was pathetic. one of the abolsute bombs was when clint eastwood fires off a canon twice with his cigar- yet he does not even load it- either time. and somehow, without even aiming the canon, he knocks his 'friend' off his horse. ..the movie is a failure. f-a-i-l-u-r-e. crappy. junky. just plain dumb. stupid. pathetic...i am not going to waste any more words on it. just....whatever you do....save your money. don't buy it. it's not worth 50 cents
boring.didn't get into it; nothing engaging here; movie didn't make me interested at all; characters boring; turned it off after 30 minute
just shooting.black hawk down hasn't got an interesting story on offer. when a bunch of marines is stranded in mogadishu, somalia all hell breaks loose as militants start attacking them. from there it is just angry men running and shooting. although this is what you would expect from a war movie, black hawk down remains way below average. i think this movie could have done better with some obvious main characters. now you barely get a chance to start caring about what happens to the soldiers. now you have so many qualified actors doing nothing but firing guns. as this movie was based on events that truly took place, probably americans will appreciate black hawk down a little more. (sarr)
black hawk down a.k.a. the moroccan sunset.to the east of mogadishu is the indian ocean and to the west is the african continent. in this movie, sunrise and sunset are both to the east. doh! never mind detail blunders like a 50 caliber gun shown closeup as an m60, or the c2 blackhawk shown by orion surveillance above as a huey, or the somali mobs shown at high noon while hoot's humvee is shown at late afternoon at the same time, most people would not notice. they can fool us with pyrotechnics here but not with celestial bodies
i want my $10.00 and 45 minutes back!.went to see this movie at the imax in san antonio this weekend.  i have to say i actually laughed most of the way through.  the effects were decent, but most of the time i had trouble making anything out due to the fuzzy 3d effects.  that was when i wasn't having to "look around" the bird statues and gargoyles that popped up in the foreground of the shot in blazing white about six inches from my face making it completely impossible to focus on the actual movie...some of the torture scenes and the faustian plotline, along with the hideous firey face that is mr. d make this movie too dark and scary for anyone under the age of 10, but the terrible plot along with the worst voice-acting i have had the displeasure to hear in my life make the film unbearable for anyone over the age of 10...basically, i guess you could say i was slightly displeased with the movie.  i do have to admit that i got a hearty laugh when the main character, johnny (played by jasper steverlinck, an up-and-coming rocker and lead singer of the band arid, a decent rock group that was featured at the end of the movie in the only bright spot i could find in the movie) throws his guitar into the fire and begins singing opera to defeat the evil mr. d and destroy the haunted castle.  unfortunately, the scene was designed to be serious
movie fine 3d ain't.i bought this movie to watch it in 3d on a front projection system with a 6 foot wide screem . i bought the recommended 3d equipment to see it, and while it almost works it was disappointing.  they need to get the bugs out. you can watch this movie in 2d and its entertaining but it would really be impressive in the 3d mode it was intended for.  i am sending the  equipment back and the three other movies that came with it..if this equipment is improved i'd like to try it again
had to turn it off.i loved "the rm" and expected the same level out of this movie, but my husband's whole family agreed to turn it off during the bathroom scene and never watched the rest.  the teenagers didn't even want to check it out after that scene.  they also loved "the rm".  if you can get it from the library go ahead, but don't spend money on it
don't waste your money.this is quite possibly the worst movie i've ever seen.  i really enjoyed "single's ward" and thought i'd give this a try.  the characters were overplayed and the movie seemed drag on and on.  i would have been disappointed had i spent $4.00 renting this movie--unfortunately i bought it.  if you really want to buy the movie, email me and i'll give you a great deal on mine.  my copy has only been used once
not worth it.there are sometimes humorous situations in the life of an active member of the lds church, including home teaching, but this movie is an extremely poor attempt to portray them. the characters are not authentic active members (that is, the only ones that actually do home teaching). one of them can't wait to get out of church to watch football games on sunday, while the other (portrayed as the "spiritual one" in some reviews) is depicted as a "letter-of-the-law" fanatic that will insist in visiting all families even if is the last day of the month, but will use the visits to promote and sell the scripture cds which are his business. the "comic" situations are highly exagerated, and for long stretches nothing interesting happens. it is said that this movie was done very quickly, which is evidenced by its poor quality.
bad movie.i think most of the people here who wrote reviews must be very young. those of us who saw all of the original "walking tall" trilogy (and own the dvd set) know that the rock's version is really bad compared to that. with respect to their opinions - if you watched the original trilogy you might realize what buford pusser actually went through. his story should have been preserved. i think they changed his name because it was so far gone from the original plot that it wouldn't be fair to use his name. i understand what they tried to do in this movie, but i just didn't care for it personally..i also think this movie was way too short. i may have been able to live with the changes from the original "walking tall" movies, but just when this movie starts to get good it ends. it's the shortest movie i've ever seen. i was very disappointed. i sold the movie the day after i bought it because i knew i would never watch it again
a bomb.i don't know how anyone in this era can support a film like this. i never saw the original or its sequels, fearing the films would be loaded with gratutitous violence for no good purpose other than bloodletting. this one sure is...i realize there was really a buford pusser and he set out to clean up the debauchery and degradation of a small town. however, that is no justification for what goes on in this film...our "hero", the rock (aka darrell johnson who admitted to using liposuction as part of his process to get a great build) comes home and is almost immediately put off by the debauchery and drug dealing going on in his community...he tries to affect this and gets beat up for it. when he recovers he commits about 20 felonies, then goes on trial, saying he did it for revenge, and if the townsfolk on the jury would acquit him he'd run for sheriff and clean up the despicable place...guess what? they acquit him! then he commits more felonies in the name of the sheriff -- with his ridiculous deputy helping out -- by denying an arrestee either a phone call or legal representation and tearing apart his personal property in a so-called "search" for drugs...this is followed by the beauty going over to his side and the bad guys attacking him with automatic weapons. they shoot a lot but miss him all the time...how can anyone suggest this is good and worthy filmmaking when the hero is more of an antihero than dirty harry ever was? i thought this movie was so ridiculous it made "death wish 5" look like a masterpiece...and i pity anyone that forked over $7 to see this at the theatre. among other things, it is only 75 minutes duration, making it one of the briefest theatrical releases i know of
not her best.this is not my favorite of kathy smith's dvds.  i do generally enjoy her workouts, but with this this dvd i don't care for the extra long introductions (which you cannot skip over), and also the fact that she does cheesy voice overs for the workouts as opposed to talking throughout the routine.  additionally, the music she chose is horrible, elevator music and not at all motivating.  i've done the workouts a few times but mostly this one is sitting on the shelf.
could have been better. yup..i like the cartoons and books better than this. sorry
fine video but appalling audio.warner bros strike again - ruining yet another cinematic masterpiece for dvd by ineptly encoding the audio as only dolby digital "1.0" - instead of "2.0 mono" or "2.1 mono" as most studios with half a brain (and an ounce of concern for their customers) would have done. very few surround sound systems would have a full range centre speaker, and even if they did, they would find the audio on this dvd lacking in quality and presence. i was so annoyed with the audio that i found the dvd unwatchable in it's original form. today i went to the trouble of doing a dvd-r copy, accepting the fact that the video would degrade slightly, but i ran the audio as downmixed 2 channel mono through a graphic equaliser to adequately boost the lower frequencies. i won't ever buy a dvd again which has its main audio track limited to dolby digital 1.0 and i recommend others do likewise
creationism masquerading as science.how is it that an abundant and continually-growing body of testible and reproducible evidence (what we call real science) that continues to indicate conceptual errors to much of the biblical (old testiment), evangelicals and neo-cons continue to try to dilute science with pseudoscientific babble. ..non-sequiturs in relatively good presentations about the marvels of the universe suddenly are 'proof' that we could only be on this designed planet.  how one jumps from explaining the historical context of expanding discoveries of thousands of stars, to millions, to millions of millions of potential planetary systems to 'this is the only one created for life -- and us' seems to be turning a blind eye to the math suggestions that directly counter ross' conclusions.  this isn't just pseudoscience, it is bad science.  in effect, the narration attempts to teach that science is about jumping to conclusions with little regard to facts.  that should be left to politics and religions.  it is all well-and-good to promote one's faith, but don't pretend that science is validating personal myths.  woolly thinking of this nature insults both the faith and the science -- might pass for entertainment, 'though
bad exegesis.[http://www.answersingenesis.org/home/area/faq/genesis.asp] [www.answersingenesis.org] has numerous refutations of 'progressive creationism' and specifically of ross' assertation of the meaning of the hebrew word for day (yom). they clearly demonstrate the grammatical errors of his claim.  also see the book "refuting compromise" by jonathan sarfati, ph.d
journey toward evolution.this video is yet another resource promoting a doctrine known as progressive creationism or simply rossism.  in short, this doctrine is uniformitarian geology and astronomy accepted in its entirety but with god stepping in from time to time to `create' new species according to their appearance in the geological column.  what makes this doctrine so dangerous and destructive are the labels that ross uses to deceive uniformed conservative christians into accepting this unbiblical view. the first label that is falsely used is creation.  the term creation is strategically used throughout this video.  yet what is presented is the exact same theory that secular scientists call astronomical evolution. the universe develops from simple to complex over billions of years entirely by natural laws.   many people will likely be mislead into thinking that ross is talking about the biblical doctrine of creation when he uses this biblical term.  this is not the case at all.  the bible says nothing at all of this kind of history.  creation according to the bible is vastly different than the rossism version.  the book refuting compromise by dr. jonathan sarfati powerfully demonstrates this...perhaps the most misleading of the labels ross uses is that his position supports bible inerrancy.   in reality what ross believes in is inerrancy of uniformitarian geology and astronomy.  that is where he gets his ultimate authority from.  all of his theological speculations are rooted on his complete commitment to virtually everything secular science says about the evolution of the universe.  biblical hermeneutical rules must be adjusted whenever necessary to fit in secular history.  this of course is not a commitment to bible inerrancy by any intellectually honest definition.  ..sadly, many christian leaders have been seduced by ross's teachings and have put in their support for him as a legitimate biblical position.  it's not too hard to see how this has happened.  since ross claims to be a christian and has strong scientific credentials, it's much easier for him to gain the trust of christians looking for support for their faith.  he claims to be one us fighting for the same cause.  he uses the biblical term creationist and opposes darwinian evolution. and since he has the backing of the entire secular scientific community on the age of the earth, many christians are cornered into thinking billions of years is a proven fact and must be accepted or else risk being laughed at. even by supposed fellow defenders of the faith.  ..the greatest danger that teachings like this risk is a loss of biblical authority.  by accepting this position we tell the world we don't need the bible to find answers in life.  man is elevated as an infallible investigator of the natural world that has all the answers.  this is a step closer to humanism not biblical christianity.  in this video the bible almost seems irrelevant.  popular science is our authority when it comes to the history of the universe.  what ross refuses either to admit or acknowledge, is that when it comes to historical science secularists are driven by an ideology that demands a material explanation for all observable phenomena. it's by this same unbiblical ideology that both the big bang and biological evolution were born. in the video ross is presented as an unerroring expert on all areas of science.  he uncritically regurgitates the standard evolutionary order of events that secular science currently popularizes.  christian laymen are to trust him on scientific issues and adjust their bible interpretations accordingly.  ..again and again ross emphasizes billions of years as if he was there when the universe was born and saw it first hand.  he makes the usual claim that astronomy directly observes the past.  however it is merely an inference from present observations that light from distant stars took billions of years to get here.  ross also neglects to mention that the universe exhibits homogeneity meaning that radiation mixing must have taken place which would take longer than the supposed age of the universe. this is a big problem for the big bang and shows that explaining light travel is also a challenge for long ager's.  most disturbing is ross's claim that we owe our existence to billions of years worth of dead stars.  without billions of years of dead stars, ross claims life is not possible.  what sort of god does ross believe in anyway?  ross also presents misleading and false claims. he claims no galaxies have been observed when the universe was 1 billion years old (according to the secular time scale) as the big bang would predict. however at just 800 million years old massive galaxies and old stars have been observed.  ross makes the silly claim that life could not exist if the universe did not posses precisely the number of stars present in the universe.  again ross's god is limited by assumed evolutionary processes of the universe.  but even assuming the big bang is ross seriously saying that one more star or one less star would have doomed life on earth?  has he counted every star in the universe and where is his derivation for this amazing claim? string theory is also presented uncritically yet he fails to inform his audience the speculative nature of this theory that lacks experimental support...at the end of the video ross presents the testimony of several secular scientists claiming to find evidence for design in nature.  yet belief in a `designer' or design in nature is not enough to find salvation.  if the big bang is such strong support for the bible as ross claims why haven't they joined him on his crusade?  it's simple.  the big bang fits beautifully into an atheistic, pantheistic worldview.  it's fully naturalistic and the arrival of humans is just a tiny blip in history.  secular scientists see no need for a creator during any part of the big bang.  to claim the big bang supports christianity merely demonstrates that one misunderstands what the big bang theory is.
journey toward narrow minded bs.i bought this dvd because i am an astronomy buff. what i got was one astronmers narrow viewpoint that didn't even sit well with biblical literests. if this guy is a true scientest why is he using words like "impossible" when its comes to the possibility that life may have developed elsewhere in the universe. the fact is what astronmers are discovering more and more is that the universe is much more dynamic than we ever could have imagined. i beleive in god but why would he create one vast universe just for one civilization. in the bible, when god made the world, the only thing he said wasn't good was the fact that adam was alone. so why would he create a whole universe in which we are alone? .bad science, bad religion. nobody wins here. don't waste your money no matter what your beliefs are
journey toward creation.i read all of the reviews presented and purchased the video based on those reviews.  unfortunately, i must say that our family was very disappointed with the video.  it claims to be made by a christian company (not certain) called reasons to believe but in the first 30 minutes of viewing the film, there is no mention of god and the subject matter tends to lead the viewer away from the biblical creation.  the statements made by dr. hugh ross are not even close to being biblical.  everything mentioned went against the bible's creation.  for any christian thinking about purchasing this film, i would not recommend it.  i would, though, highly recommend the moody quot;journey to the edge of creationquot; videos.  there are two in the series, quot;our solar systemquot; and quot;the milky way amp; beyond.quot; the photography is fantastic and the message is clear...our universe is made on a grand design.  only the master planner, god himself, could have created it with such precision and loving care.  please do not be deceived by this video, quot;journey toward creation.quot;  quot;creationquot; should not even be a part of it's title.  maybe a more proper title would be...quot;journey toward deception.quot
an interesting misfire.lord knows the media is a worthy target for social commentary. however, it is also an easy one, and has been often targeted in the past. thus the central problem with "mad city," costa-gavras' updating of billy wilder's "ace in the hole." the film spends nearly two hours denouncing the media---namely print and television news---for a variety of social ills, for not all of which it can so easily be blamed. and those things it can be blamed for, we kind of already knew...nonetheless, an excellent cast works hard to bring off this story of reporter max brackett (dustin hoffman), who `lucks into' an exclusive when a disgruntled, laid-off security guard (john travolta) takes his former employer and a group of kids hostage in a museum while brackett just happens to be in the bathroom. travolta is to be commended for taking on a part that is not particularly sympathetic, in the form of a character that is not very bright. he and hoffman carry the film as far as it can go, but by the end you are likely to feel that you're being hit over the head with the simplistic central message, such that the tragic coda loses impact. it's not a bad film, and with these talents it can't help but have its moments, but overall it's a bit of a missed shot
don't believe the hype..this effort shows it's age. in addition, there is a uncomfortable tone in the narration that smacks of a reliance on a pseudo-scientific method somewhat reminiscent of mengele. i suppose it's possible for it to be taken as tongue-in-cheek by those at the post-graduate level of study at the cheech and chong school of anthropology. however, i have to admit i was unable to prevent myself from throwing this one in the trash after one viewing
preachy - but not in the way you'd imagine.i checked this out because i wanted to take a look at what the new doctor who people have been doing in the recent past.  the second coming isn't quite as cosmic, but it certainly engages us in some comparable flights of fancy. steve baxter (christopher eccleston) has an epiphany one night when he's out on the town with some mates. he reckons he's become the son of god and he proceeds to turn night into day at maine road football ground in order to demonstrate his divinely-chosen status (a bit like david icke, except with powers). his immediate friends take their time to come to terms with this and despite becoming the `new disciples' some of them - notably judith his girlfriend (lesley sharp) - remain sceptical. through the media he tells the world that they must come up with a `third testament'. it later transpires that if they do not, the end of the world will soon follow...what are this messiah's credentials? well, he spends forty days in the wilderness which is saddleworth moor and he has no earthly father - it turns out that his dad is infertile and couldn't have fathered him. this tickled me. did writer russell t. davis pass his gcse in religious studies, do we think? i couldn't really work out whether the religious symbolism was unconsciously corny and nave or whether it aimed at giving us a laugh. i'd like to think the latter. steve, curiously, isn't what we might describe as spiritual - certainly not religious. he swears all the time, boozes and although not quite loutish, is somewhat laddish. he's a laddish messiah. his disciples swear at him and he insults them back. (message to southerners - we in the north are not all like this, despite the plethora of dramas which suggest otherwise: preston front, our friends in the north, etc. writers do seem to have this desire to patronise us thus.)..what's noticeable about the founders of the major world religions is that they managed to espouse some degree of religious wisdom. steve, who just witters nonsensically to the crowds, seems to lack this facility. is he meant to be devoid of wisdom? are we asking too much of russell t. davis to place some in his mouth? could he have done so had he wished? presumably our writer would need to possess some himself! (jury's out.) it turns out that the party piece belongs to the sceptical girlfriend who clearly becomes the mouthpiece for the programme's message...so what happens? despite almost two hours of waiting for judgement day, with little action or plot development we eventually come to learn that our messiah is something of a damp squib. he ends up at the girlfriend's home where she feeds him a dish of spaghetti a la rat poison which he takes willingly but not before we discover that he is really just a sort of encapsulation or epitome of human religiosity. enlightened humanity - judith - finally comes to realise that she can and must live without him and she spits him out. they argue for a while before atheism wins out and steve chomps down the poisoned pasta (after the two hours i found myself saying `bon appetit'). so we get the sermon, although it's a secular one which declares the futility of religious belief. but this messiah seemed to me to be almost devoid of any meaningful religious ideas anyway. you can't debunk what doesn't exist. steve can't be a foil for atheism if he is a kind of atheism. i suppose that we do end up questioning russell t davis's understanding of spirituality, not to say he should necessarily adhere to religion or spirituality, but perhaps to understand it to come degree. and yes, there is a naivety and a corniness which underpins all this third-form philosophy, typical of so many young people working within the arts. ..it's a pity that the message of the piece couldn't have been delivered within the actual context of the drama itself. what we have is a two hour tv play followed by a secular sermon, subtext puked out and all. we do have an epilogue, however, where our new-found heroine is hilariously transfigured at the supermarket. i do recommend the second coming for amusement, but for enlightenment you'd better have something else to hand.
left nothing but fog in my brain and a hole in my wallet.i'm a great fan of apocolyptic and futuristic drama -- everything from 1984, to twilight zone, to mad max -- and i know when the message is profound and communicated effectively, and when it's not.  in this instance, a couple of special effects scenes that convince the world the second messiah has come, combined with a bit of dialogue about mankind's need to clean up our act lest the end come, adds up to nothing memorable except frustration and disappointed expectations.  those behind this item may have had something to say, but it got lost along the way and left only a highly idiosyncratic story line and dialogue which is likely better understood by the writer than by anyone else.  i know many different kinds of critical thinking people, but can think of few of them who wouldn't be well advised to avoid this one
who finances garbage like this?.this is, without a doubt, one of the worst "films" that i have ever witnessed.  the plot, if one can call it that, revolves around that parodying summer camp movies from the late 70's and early 80's would be hilarious.  and 21 years after they were made!  or, was it an attempt to make a deliberately bad film, and label it "ironic"?  either way, the film has some of the most indifferent, atrocious acting you're ever likely to see.  janeane garofalo (who needs to stop associating herself with david wain and michael showalter, the creators of this "film" and the awful tv series, stella) looks like she rather be anywhere else, david hyde pierce looks like he wants to strangle his agent for giving him this script, and you will be lucky to chuckle twice in the entire film.  in the featurette, the directors michael showalter and david wain, say they were drunk during most of the shoot, and it shows.  indifferent performances, horrible direction, continuity errors (like visible tape marks on the floor, hair styles changing in the same shot), and an appalling lack of professionalism sink this film early and it never recovers.  there is nothing good about his film, other than it ends.  it amazes me that people out there could actually like this film, and give it five star reviews.  for the rest of you out there, do not waste 97 minutes of your time.
re-release these!!!!.these are some of the greatest feats of art  animation ever produced during the start of disney's legendary years. along w/ mickey mouse in color vol.1 and donald duck vol.1, silly symphonies preludes disney's first features: snow white, pinnochio, fanstasia, and bambi, which were the company's greatest artistic achievements. works that deserve to be seen and enjoyed by generations. however, here's the rub. the money mongers from the now corporate powers of "disney," previously led by the power hungry michael eisner, have made this dvd, as well as the others i listed, limited edition, hard-to find rarities because they pull them off the shelves  lock them up in uncle scrooge's vault until who knows how long. if you want to find any of these dvd's get ready to pay $70 a pop if you're lucky.  dvds aren't rare coins or stamps, they should be accessible to those who want to watch them, which is the entire purpose of releasing things on dvd-to watch them.  "disney" has hundreds of terrible titles on dvd that they leave out to be purchased by the general public, but keep their legacy out of reach.  you can buy a direct-to-video copy of cinderalla ii, or some other generic sequal made for money, but you can't go out and buy your kid snow white, pinnochio, or silly symphanies. something with character that will stay with them and plant a little seed of magic in their hearts that will continue growing. no, the quality is off the shelves, back in the vault, or whatever (eisner's garage?). i will not recommend this dvd because there would be no point in doing so. they're not available. go try and find it for a fair price. i sincerely hope that the corporate monster that "disney" has become wakes up and decides to market their best products in a more distinguished manner. it was always about quality art for the young and young at heart, and now they're totally lost. release these again, please. so make sure you get bambi before they lock the little guy up in the "vault", like they did with those seven dwarves  their girlfriend.
horrible movie compared to book.the book ethan frome was incredibly good: the environment was created as a character, the people were characterized amazingly, and edith wharton (the author) forced sympathy toward ethan and mattie's "affair", which never extended beyond a kiss...the movie is horrible. patricia arquette appears to need speech therapy, and liam neeson's "limp" is more hilarious than telling. their affair is much less believable, and by the end of the book, the only character that seems to be worthwhile is zeena. poor acting skills, poor script, and poor filming techniques all contribute to one horrible movie...it's too bad, really. they are quite good actors otherwise; this movie is just absolutely horrible...my favorite "love scene" between ethan and mattie:.mattie: (giving speech) i can't remember the rest..ethan: you're cold..mattie: goodnight...awww......rent it for a laugh. otherwise, avoid it like bill and hilary avoid each other in public
jack warner was right......during her warner years, bette davis constantly lobbied the studio to let her play mattie in a film of ethan frome.  jack warner was sure no one would care to see such hopeless material filmed, no matter how starry or surefooted the treatment.  on the basis of this plodding version, i have to agree with jack.  american playhouse's theatrical wing has managed to turn the book every high school student hated (wharton's novella has done more to kill the idea of reading for pleasure for generations of students than any literary work since silas marner was thrust upon an unwary world) into a picture that's more grim duty than pleasure.  a game cast struggles to animate richard nelson's bare-bones screenplay, but they're soon defeated, lost in an endless progression of drab scenes that sit there, inert, rather than smouldering with emotional subtext, as presumably was intended.  neeson and allen come off rather better than patricia arquette; very attractive in other films, she seems slackjawed and dimwitted here.  a pleasure to see katharine houghton, aging well and in there pitching in a thankless role.  think of this version as taking about an hour longer than reading the cliff notes, and feeling only half as enjoyable, and you'll be in the right ballpark
i'm embarassed.i am embarassed to admit that i saw this video several years ago; i give it 2 stars.  i suppose the film quality is excellent, but in my opinion, a waste of film to make this.  the plot is forgettable, and, at the risk of offending those who like it, "i spent two hours out of my life watching this, and can't get them back again for something constructive.
not pleased.heard a lot about the movie and was looking forward to seeing it. then i got the dvd...could not play in my dvd player...not sure why, so i watched it on my computer.  only to find someone had taken out all the nasty or blurred it out.  i would of liked the movie much better if i could of seen it without the cuts and it would have been nice to see it on my tv..
there's pushing the envelope of filmaking and the artful.depiction of "reality", and then there's the perverted vision of larry clark. being a fan of bully and by no means someone who shy's away from sex in media, i was thoroughly disappointed by clark's latest offering. no real plot. just a hodge podge of unusually dysfunctional characters connected only by their age and their locality. one can't help but think that the constant theme of adolescent sexuality in clark's films is indicative of some personal demons and temptations the director must be grappling with. you can argue that many of the over the top characters and scenes in ken park do exist and take place in real life and you would be right. there are mother's cheating on their husbands with teenage boys, there are overbearing religious families that inadvertently push their kids to the opposite end of the morality spectrum and there are certainly kids who kill their parents/grandparents. but what's the purpose of the movie's characters? to demonstrate teenage angst and they way people push the limits of sexual boundaries? to see that you'd be better off watching an hour and a half of jerry springer epsiodes which would arguably have as much continuity and plot development as ken park.
ken park how not to make a movie.larry clark reminds me of a lot ..let's take a look at his pathetic resume shall we:..*kids-yes another soft porn film involving kids...*bully- this movie should be when "white trash attacks"..bully featured mundane acting, the most unlikable characters.ever to put on screen, stupid characters, a "twist" that.aint really a twist, awful camera shots and angle and.a "gay bull". nuff said...*teenage caveman-subpar sci-film...now we get to ken park, probably the most revolting .story of clark's kids trilogy if you will...these kids special? please give me a break. i don't.call killing your neighbors or grandparents, special...doing drugs makes you special? funny i thought that made.you a druggie and a loser...there is no smoothness or observation or anaylsis of.the kids from any sort of rhetorical view. anyone who.who seeks to compare this to classic shows like family.ties, or my so called life isn't fooling anyone...one key difference, the kids in so called life, knew they.were troubled, lost and asked for help. the teens in "ken park".could give a crap if they live or die, their days are spent.on drug binges, fornicating with the friends and in some.cases, their friend's mother....really it doesn't get anymore revoling that larry clark...none of the characters in the movie can be considered,.weak, inept, pathetic, loony comes to mind but far.from being strong...softcore and hardcore pornograpy seem to be what the filmmaking.is echoing nothing else, the other reviews even the most.positive ones can ignore that...there is no reality with these kids, they live in their.violent world and heaven forbid if you try to take them.out of it...clark is not anybody's master of art, if you're art is.hardcore pornography, mixed in with convulted storyline., with no rolemodels, no point and weak characters then.people need to pick up a dictionary or read actual.definitions of art...the movie is nothing more than tour de force of obscene garbage.that should be flushed down the toilet...seeing at the reception clark has received over the year,.it's great that fans are starting to see what he really.is just a perverted old man , nothing else...even then his movies make him look even more pathetic.
where is my product ?.until this date i did not receive this prooduct?.what is happening?.i alredy wrote to you about this problem an d i am waiting for  a solution.             regards.                      mario assa
the audience with cameo appearance by paul mccartney.i missed this last tour and looked forward to seeing it on dvd.  what i did see were shot after shot of the crowd.  how many did i need to see of the crowd singing along?  how many celebrities did i need to see?  it was like paul saying, "see how many people love me."  your an ex-beatle and the surviving half of the greatest songwriting team in music history, it's okay, we all love you.  the three generational family attending and meeting paul saga was a 10 on the douche chills meter.  when i go to a concert i'm looking at the stage not at the people around me.  keep the crowd shots to in-between songs...at various points in this dvd the talking heads say how important the audiences are to the show.  this is not a deadhead crowd.  there is no need to average over 20 audeince shots per song (and that's with some songs running only a couple of minutes)!!  the the highlight of the dvd is in the extras.  save your money and buy one of the many other paul concert dvds that are out there
the "godfather 3" of the kurosawa canon.if you are a fan of kurosawa (as i am), then avoid this film at all costs, for there is nothing more depressing than seeing a once-great director, who revolutionized filmmaking and examined powerful human themes, reduced to making sentimental nonsense like "madadayo." and what a monumental waste of time this is--so unrealistically sentimental as to make one wince at times. the use of near amateurs in minor roles does not help. this story (such as it is) is about a retired teacher whose former students (who all happen to live nearby, apparently) remain devoted to him, in a sort of christ-and-his-disciples relationship. they visit frequently, build him a new home after the war, hold lavish birthday parties for him (and spend 30 minutes of screen time helping him look for his lost cat). what makes these students so devoted is never explored at all--kurosawa just expects us to take it as fact. this leads to the painful conclusion that "madadayo" depicts kurosawa's idealization of himself: as a kind old man inspiring continuing devotion in his former proteges. "madadayo" also explains why beat takeshi and others in the new generation of talented japanese filmmakers had become so disgusted with kurosawa toward the end of his career. --mellowmonk.co
okay.i agree with david thomson when he says few audiences in the west would be content to view an american epic composed solely of battles and their contexts. kurosawa was a keen businessman and his reputation in the west was entrenched with "kagemusha" and "ran", he knew what (american) audiences think of as heroic and mystical about "historical" japan: kurosawa's art takes a great deal on its impetus from what americans (or westerners) imagine about japan. he was not popular in japan (where they thought his stuff was particularly hokey and outmoded, hence the suicide attempt). i am not saying that the work is rubbish - there is no "ugly" shot in either "ran" or "kag" - merely that there are more "authentically japanese" films out there to choose from.
this isn't a winner.......i've seen this movie. even with tom hanks, jon lovitz and geena davis staring in it. i just couldn't enjoyed it. i found that both madonna's character and rosie o'donnell's character were just flat awful. it took away from the movie, itself.
returned it to the store!!.this video/dvd lacks the content it claims it has.  it only covers 5 or so letters, and does not focus on the sounds.  it is pain-stakingly boring, lacks excitement and did not keep my 20 month old daughter's attention.  even the bonus section that is supposed to teach the letters on the dvd version did not appeal to her.  needless to say, we returned this one to the store.  ..i recommend leapster's letter factory which has taught my daughter the sounds of the letters within 2 weeks and has a bonus interactive letter game
too advanced for a 3 year old.for children just learning their alphabets, this video is too advanced. it doesn't even have the "alphbet song". ..it has rhyming and "spelling" that is currently being taught to my first and second grader (i.e. words like: "near" "sky" ""stop" "friends")..the story line is too distracting...teaching lessons are too far apart to be beneficial...disappointing a multibillion dollar company couldn't spend a little on a consultant familiar with teaching preschoolers...these videos, "pooh's 123" and "pooh's abc" has convinced me not to trust disney on education videos...this is not a video for a preschooler, and only a review for older children already know how to spell
disappointed-.i bought this video for my 2 1/2 year old because he is very interested in the alphabet.  the dvd was a huge disappointment because it didn't deal with letters but focused on rhyming words, etc.  not suitable for my son's age, boring and short.  they sing a 60 second song with the alphabet that is an extra feature and that was the only thing he liked.  not a good buy
disappointed.not what i expected at all. the actual show didnt really have to do alot with teaching the letters. you have to go to the special features to get all the letters and it is so boring. the leap frog letter factory is so much better in my opinion and it also teaches letter sounds not just the letters alone and it does it in such a fun way.
does little to entertain much less educate.pooh!  i can't believe i spent $15 on this video.  it is soooo boring and miserably lacking in educational value.  my little girl wouldn't give it the time of day.  i had patience, though, and waited to see how it might redeem itself by creatively introducing letters and sounds to promote alphabet recognition and beginning phonics skills.  disney should have hired a phonics instructor or a reading teacher to guide them in learning theory before promoting this movie as "educational."  good for the pooh collector, that's it.
big disappointment!!!!.this video entertains my 21 month old, as do other pooh videos, but i bought this for educational purposes. i was highly disappointed to see that the "a", "b" and "c" named in the title were not even presented ~ only the first letter of each of the character's names were. i thought the title was very misleading and do not recommend this to anyone interested in using it as a learning aid for the alphabet. the pooh - 123's video is excellent with it's presentation of numbers and counting from 1 to 10.
stick with batman and superman the animated series.this has got to be the worst show ever animated i do not like the way the producers treat superman and batman in the comics and graphic novels superman is a role model and a mentor for the rest of the league batman was more of a i do things my own way type. why do they always change things around. they could have done a show with just superman and batman but whatever. the avengers movie that marvel put out is by far much better then this trash
and now, debuting in my list of the 10 worst movies ive ever seen ....omigod, did this garbage really pass for "hot" 2 decades back? director albert magnoli has zero sense of pacing, editing, acting, story telling, etc. and prince is as bad an actor as ive ever seen. no, i take that back -- ive seen apollonia (who herein makes her role in "falcon crest" look like lilian gish)! i will not comment on the musical score; if you like it, more power to you and go buy the album. but a movie where clarence williams, iii gives the strongest performance? well, thats not a movie i ever want to sit thru again
modern film making at its... weirdest..do you not understand modern art?  or does 50% or more of the art in moma confuse you?  if you answered yes to either of these questions then this film is definitely not for you.  if you answered no... well, this film still might not be for you...do you like to watch people walking around?  a lot?  walking everywhere?  if you watched a documentary of someone, would you be pissed off if they cut out anything at all, including scenes where people just sit around, or perform mundane activities like making salads?  if you answered yes to these questions, then this film is definitely for you...eraserhead is an experiment in patience (on the viewer's part.)  it starts slowly, the (meager) plot unfolds slowly, and it ends slowly.  nothing is lost by watching this movie 2x-4x (except the... unique... soundtrack.)  there are some interesting/worthwhile scenes but they are few and far between.  there are however, many riveting scenes such as someone getting out of bed, in bed, and out again, someone else walking, walking, walking.  people sitting on a couch.  a woman ululating for no apparent reason.  and many many more.  i don't know about you, but my dreams are more interesting than this.  this film really could have benefited from having 30 minutes or more cut out, but it seems to me like the director felt it necessary to pad the film with unecessary scenes in order to make it 'feature length.'  it's possible to have an artsy film not be boring (see space odyssey, waking life) but i think you need a little more than what is presented in this film...if you've never seen this movie before and don't really know what it's about, i highly recommend you rent it first.  this film is not for many people...since this film is about 1 quarter interesting and 3 quarters boring, i give it 1.5 stars, plus .5 stars for a good job on the baby
not to be mean but there's a true absence of a development.let me begin by listing all the great things about the movie..1. it is incredibly beautiful animation.2. the music is amazing.3. i happen to like how the movie is darker than the tv series.the things i don't like about the movie:.1. the characters are not developed at all.2. you get the feeling your only skimming the surface, like a starving person being tost a crumb of bread.3. it almost seems that every seen in the movie was stopped half way through the writting process...ok you may have see that i gave this moive a 2 out of 5, well that is becuase of the story line and plot.the story line of any movie is much more important to me than the animation. the movie left me with a odd emptiness from begining to end. i just kept thinking there has to be more. but there wasn't. the best way i could describe it would be to say it was as if the movie were a lost child at the carnival that no matter how hard it looked it just couldn't find its parents. this movie is for the person who likes action and no character development fluff. but if you are the person who likes well developed characters and story line please don't buy it rent it first. i'm not saying its a bad movie by any means, just a bit empty for me.just one more thing the escaflowne series is very very good don't let any bad reviews of the movie discurage you from getting the series
the entire escaflowne universe in a can....first off, i am a fan of the original series - escaflowne. it's by far up there in the top 5 of favorite anime. it had a lot of memorable characters, good action and a pretty decent story...this is not an original escaflowne. it does not take part before or after the series. it doesn't take place somewhere in the middle. it takes most of the main characters from the series and totally retells the entire story to fit into a movie. the result? not a fan. basically, because the entire movie you see a 30 second introduction to old characters in suped up animation with no depth. for example, the twin cat girls that were so fond lord falcon, show up instead for a brief 30 seconds as singers on stage in a bar. ummm yuck. lots of the more memorable characters are subjugated to this. perhaps, if you seen this first it would be a decent watch. for myself, i was very disappointed...the good points of this movie is the animation is upgraded and the soundtrack is well done...even as a standalone product, the movie has no flow or depth to it. it's basically just a compressed retelling of escaflowne. i'd rent this and skip it as a purchase. if you want to purchase something, get the escaflowne series. you will be much happier
how are people rating this 5 stars.i should first say that i have not watched the series, but will follow that up by saying that this movie has not persuaded me to do so. i am a casual anime fan and for reference will say that the anime's i have enjoyed include dragon ball z, outlaw star, cow boy bebop and ninja scroll.  if you have only seen 2 movies in your life time and the other one was "big top pee-wee", then maybe (and i stress maybe) i could understand a 5 star review. if you are a die hard fan of anime and if all it takes is a couple of bloody scenes this may be for you. if you are 15 years old you might be impressed with this. however if you expect depth of character, story evolution and strong plot, skip this...in a nut shell some girl is depressed and wants to disappear/die, what ever, so she disappears and shows up in gaea as the wing goddess. two separate factions have been warring with each other over a dragon armor suit that holds the fate of the world. the girl is the key to the suit in a way it goes to whom ever she decides; the good guys get it the end. believe me when i say this is the better telling of that story and the less painful one...the good: a couple of good fight scenes and the animation were pretty good...the bad: the tone of a movie is very important and this story was way over dramatized. the characters aren't developed at all so you can't really bring your self to care about them, or want to pay attention to them. the movie felt like they were trying to squeeze the content of a long draw out series into 95 minutes and they failed miserably. i considered turning this off several time but felt that i should finish and form a complete opinion about it. well i have and it aint good.
great package... dull film.i'm a huge orson welles fan and actually regret making this public knowledge - but i hated this film. i was excited to crack open the beautiful packaging and quickly fell into a disappointing episode of feeling really dumb that i just didn't get it. the photography was classic welles - the acting was something out of a bad rehersal at an insane asylum. don't get caught up in having to like it, just because it's welles - it's ok to go against the grain and declare to the world - this movie blows
film noir lite.a well-crafted but ultimately thin period piece taking place in late '40s-early '50s southern california, mulholland falls is visually engaging entertainment that yet leaves you unsatisfied as the credits roll. ..a powerful cast (nick nolte, jennifer connelly, melanie griffith, john malkovich, michael madsen, chazz palmintieri and chris penn, et. al.) doesn't lend depth to this two-and-a-half-star effort, though it does distract you from its shortcomings. director lee tamahori, no stranger to the dark side, makes much less than what he might of this potentially impressive tale of unfaithfulness, betrayal, murder and death...nolte (hoover) is the leader of l.a.'s infamous "hat squad" a special organized crime task force that busts heads and breaks bones to keep the peace. when alison pond (the oh-so-forties era connelly) turns up dead, all the signs of murder point back to her lover, who happens to be head of the atomic energy commission (john malkovich). nolte too, it turns out, has had a dalliance with the peripathetic, kinky and very voluptuous miss pond. the expectable cover-up destroys nolte's marriage and career as it evolves...although mulholland falls samples many other period films, tamahori's noir is never quite noir enough. the intrinsic moral dilemma the characters face, of indulging in the hidden side of human nature, never expands past straightforward beating and cheating. without more, mulholland falls disappointingly ends its run as a fairly mundane morality play about fidelity.
the cell phone is the main character.the most interesting part of this action movie is the centrality of the cell phone. the movie is a nokia product placement, highlighting what awful danger you are in if you are not connected and, conversely, what a phone can do for you if you have one. the plot centers on jessica (kim basinger) who is abducted because the bad guys think she has something that they need. mystery #1: what is it? ..after lots of running/driving in various parts of l.a. the bad guys round up jessica's family, while on the other end a pretty guy turned superhero and a would-be day spa owner cop are trying to help them. mystery #2: how will the cell phone save the day?..mystery #3. watch for the credits at the end of the film. they show up on a...? yep, you got it
no title.what a disappointment!  i remember siskel and ebert raving over this romantic comedy.  romantic, maybe, but comedy - never.  very predictable plot from beginning to end.  and rosie perez was truly offensive.  a few times i couldn't understand what she was saying.  there is no way i could buy that she and cage's character were attracted to each other.  maybe critics liked this movie because it had no sex, violence, or rough language.  although cage does get shot in one hold-up scene.  it was just that you knew what was going to happen every step of the way.  i am beginning to like cage more and more as he ages. [ spoiler] i was really disappointed at the end to find out that the real people whom this story is based on were always happily married to their original partners.  either they shouldn't have changed it so much or they shouldn't have let us know about the real story it was based on.[end of spoiler]  but fonda and cage were very engaging together
"a promise is a promise".it could happen to you was a bit of a disappointment, considering the makeup of the cast: nicolas cage, bridget fonda, and rosie perez among others..the movie brings to the screen the story of a policeman who after winning 4 million dollars on the ny state lotto, decides to share half of it with a waitress he met the previous day.  .the acting is surprisingly (!) below average, the dialogues are way below average, while the plot is not bad at all.  .nicolas cage's character is too naive and too slow, and that was just sad/pitiful!.bridget fonda was unexpectedly plain and bland..rosie perez's character was overly exaggerated to the point that it got tiring and annoying very early on..as for wendell pierce and stanley tucci this film does not seem to be their thing; they don't seem to belong.  subsequently, they are not convincing in their roles at all..finally, somebody shoot the "narrator," please!.though the potential for a great movie was definitely there it fails to take off.  a shame really...  no masterpiece here..if nicolas cage is what you had in mind, check out the amazing movies city of angels and/or the family man.
really really really bad.off-hand, i can't think of a worse movie. (and i think nicolas cage has done some truly awesome work in other films--hey, he's making a buck, here.) that's all. 1/32 star, if possible
ugly american revisited.if cruelty, sadism, and abuse are to your taste, then this is the film for you.  it is a full-length feature expanded from the bucolic short film, 'fishbelly white', but which contains none of its lyricism and rural poetry.  ..duncan is a 14-year-old misfit known for the chickens that he cares for like pets.  he is isolated and lonely because his mother has just died, and his mono-syllabic father ignores him.  and, in keeping with a time-honored cinematic cliche (starting with `tea and sympathy'), he is teased, tortured, and threatened by his macho peers for being 'different'.  it seems that he may have a friend in leader-of-the-pack perry but this is where the two versions part company.  in the short, they develop a lovely, understated homoerotic romance.  here, perry is violent and brutal, like his abusive father, ultimately instigating duncan's final humiliation. ..there is not one moment of tenderness in the entire film until the final 'reconciliation' between duncan and his father but, considering the unrelenting nastiness which has come before, it feels highly contrived.  duncan is such a willing, unquestioning `victim' throughout the film, any resolution-of-conflict which might have raised this to a true coming-of-age story is lost...this is a surprising entry from the usually gay-friendly showtime network.  there is nothing friendly about this one.
it really sucked.horror movies are a dime a dozen now, and nothing really speical about them anymore. sad to say, considering its probably my faviorte genere. this movie was a disappointment from the start. whoever did editing on this movie needs to be fired. i mean they are standing there talking, and it just cuts away when you think something is going to happen. i didnt watch the whole movie, it sucked that bad. i bought this movie used, and i'd gladly give it back to the owner free of charge.
man,this movie sucks..don't believe the hype. this movie sucks. nothing happened. the ghost of a boy and a lady showed up every now and then,then the movie ended. i'm not one to usually complain about or laugh at cheap effects. i actually think that the so called low buget 1980s movies look a lot more realistic than todays cgi. but i just had to laugh at the sound that the ghosts made. i imediately reconized it as a sound i used to make with my mouth all the time as a wee lad
self promotion for producer..nothing but self-important producer yacking about how accomplished he was at an early age, as mere snipnets of what i thought was going to be a movie were shown. very disappointing, as listing didn't indicate that this was not the full movie uninterupped
misinterpretation.i was disappointed by many aspects of this version of the holmes elements.  not just that this holmes only uses a syringe as a pipe cleaner, or that it is obvious from his introduction to the plot that david hemmings is ... not what he seems!  ..i do like the expanded attention to watson, fattening his part with inessential grace notes that mason handles with his usual mastery--a sort of competent nigel-bruce-watson in this rendering.  but transforming holmes into a sentimentalist who actually weeps at the predicaments in his investigation is a let down.  it's interesting to see this film's version as a contrast to the edwardian melodrama mode brett exploited in the television series, but plummer's holmes is too much of a mensch.  it's a courageous but misguided attempt to make the role his own. ..perhaps i would have been more tolerant of the characterizations had the pacing overall been less leaden.  the opening sequence sets off the alarm, as the upper gallery v. middle-class receptions to the arrival of royalty lumbers on far too long.  throughout, other instances of vague decisions by the director, repetitive pov tracking shots down deserted alleys, and lazy editing of what could have been tightly exciting scenes diminish the impact of this cautious misadventure
awful.boo has to be the worst horror movie i have seen in a long time. poorly conceived, badly acted (and, boy, is the acting bad), atrociously written, sloppily directed and lacking anything approaching a genuine sense of atmosphere, this film has virtually nothing to recommend it. there are occasional (very occasional) glimpses of the film that might have been, but every opportunity is wasted and all we're left with is ninety tedious minutes of teenage histrionics and unnecessary (and unconvincing) gore. even some of the potentially disturbing imagery (not to mention the presence of dee wallace stone - oh, how careers can plummet!) cannot save it. the one thought i came away with at the end is 'how do people with so little talent and aptitude actually get the opportunity and funding to make a film like this in the first place?' i guess that's one of life's more baffling mysteries, that and the assumption on the part of film makers that horror fans will accept any old rubbish. avoid this film like the plague. it is truly, truly dreadful
a sad mess filled with missed opportunities  lots of potential.i give this hack job the extra star for the fact that it had some very creepy visuals a handful of jumpy scares  a good idea for a story. how sad is it though when that kind of potential can't crutch the horrible outcome,wich resides in plot-hole central usa,home of the university of bad acting  laughable endings(ubale). oh man! horror fans! "boo" could have been an excellent new low-budget horror flick if it had a tighter script with a much better ending  included some half decent actors who actually had a grip on there character's. all  all what we are left with is an all over the place mess with some good visuals  scares. so many missed opportunities  so much potential lost. what a sad waste!
can't stand being negative..but here goes.okay. the premise of this movie had wings..i mean here we have a crazed asylum patient trapped in a spooky hospital for eternity trying to get out. .fun stuff..right..not in the hands of this director..i mean, when the only good scare devices you can offer up are an exploding clown and a dog thats had it's day, your in trouble, mr. director..okay..lets try to right some wrongs done by this movie...right- scary hospital .wrong- un scary plot devices..right- dead people making twitching movements.wrong- exploding clowns and rushes of violent air ala evil dead-       but much worse..right- my complete and utter hate for the jock in the movie.wrong- my complete and utter hate for all of the actors in this .       movie- i mean, come on who in the hell was this shaft .       wannabe and why didn't that dead dog rip a whole in his .       cranium before we had to sit through all of his inane.       epileptic dialogue...right- use of confined spaces, like an elevator to heighten the .       spooky...wrong- too much use of going up the elevator and down the   .       elevator. i mean if there is such a thing as elevator   .       sickness, i had it...right- the film makers hearts were in the right place with an .       attempt to do something a little different...wrong- hey bubs, listen. this day and age of horror..a little.       different is like shooting yourself in the foot. .       we horror fans expect more now days..even from grade b.       movies...wrong- this was obviously a lame attempt to run with the big  .       dogs aka: session 9...right- okay everybody makes a big deal about them creeping  .       past that ghost. they say.."oh what an intelligent.       thing  to do." what? how the helk is that intelligent?  .       that ghost could have ghost rabies or something!..okay, i digress..see this film only if you would like to see a rubber clown explode and a dog with no skin..other than that, don't say i didn't warn ya
0 stars: boo!! ...did i scare you?  that's about how scary this movie is..the movie "boo" features terrible acting, and a deplorable plot.  the movie is executed very poorly and simply fails to elicit any scares in a sophisticated horror movie audience.  the name of this movie is stupid and so is the movie itself.  if you buy this garbage thinking you're going to see a good scary movie, you are going to be grossly disappointed with this movie's merits as a horror movie.  this film failed to generate any laughs in me about how terrible it was, and that is really sad.  after viewing this garbage, i just came away thinking this was truly a sad piece of rubbish.  there's really no other way to put it.  if you want to see a good and scary movie about a hospital or mental institution, i recommend "session 9" which is a good overall horror movie, especially when compared to, ahem, "boo".
very cheap and bad low budget horror flick..i'll just write a short review because i can't even bother wasting my time writing for this awful film. avoid this film at all costs unless you want to torture yourself, it gave me a huge head-ache
boo! oh, sorry... saw it coming.while i tend to always take the horror movie genre with a grain of salt, this movie kind of irked me. i mean i read how the director/writer of this film is an editor at cinescape, so i had hoped that the movie would not fall into some of the pitfalls that   most of the recent horror films have fallen into. this is not true, there are pitfalls a plenty in this. there was so much potential at least i thought, but the movie falls flat rather quick. the pace of the film is very off setting and to be honest i was watching it on scifi (my local video store doesn't have it), but yet i was kind of losing track of who is who and what they were doing in the haunted aslyum in the first place (example meg and her brother. i also think the  biggest aaggghh moment was when the  friend and the blonde hero girl (see can't remember names cause it was truly eh characters and characterization) were sitting on the lobby and talking, and the girl sees a shadow while the guy is looking at her, and she asks: "did you see that?". no he was looking at you!.i just honestly thought it could of had been better, although the maggot clown scene was pretty good, it just needed a better film around it
abstract film based on realistic painting.i think grant wood's painting "american gothic" created in 1930 is a great piece of art (not only american but in a world's scale). having read the synopsis for this movie i thought it'd be something really interesting. i guess i was wrong. first you got to understand it's not quite a movie. it's more like a collage of photos and images put on industrial and death metal music. the movie is surreal and abstract unlike the painting itself. i doubt it's possible to understand anything watching it. maybe some will be exclaiming "ingenious! brilliant!" after the film but then they have to be big connoisseurs of post-modernistic art. carlos batts is an acclaimed photographer, photography is his first speciality and i somehow missed it before buying this dvd. i think this film would be a nice part of some contemporary art exhibition, among some weird statues and installations. but to pay $23 for watching it at home - no, that's too much, and i'm talking not just about the money. .don't say you haven't been warned :)
a waste of time.this was a big disappointment.  i can not believe how others have rated it highly
lame.i am a huge fan of the books and had been very excited to see this film when it came out. unfortunately, i was horribly disappointed. ..the acting was terrible, elements of the story were changed (i know, it can't be 100% true to the book, but this was a massacre), and the characters were ruined (c'mon, they made the movie version mr. tumnus seem just a tad bit...um...creepy). they turned aslan into nothing more than a poorly animated talking lion. ..seriously, go read the books and don't waste your time on this film.
piracy.when i received this dvd, i played it on my imac. when doing this, i discovered that there were chinese characters showing at the top of the screen. the quality of the dvd images were dark and grainy. i reported to amazon that they had unknowlngly sold me a pirated dvd, and i was saddened to not have a response from amazon other than refunding my costs. copyright is not only a law to protect publishers; it also protects consumers from getting poor quality products. i feel that i can no longer depend on amazon to provide my dvd orders.
boring, boring, boring!.i work out 5 days a week so i would consider myself advanced.  this workout is definitely too easy for someone who is advanced.  there were a number of parts where i thought i was watching a saturday night live skit.  it was very cheesy and the other girls in the video look like robots.  my dvd did not come with a band, which i thought was a real bummer.  the set and the music are boring.  i normally love denise austin, but this video was very disappointing.  i would instead recommend shrink your female fat zones
not the best.i prefer the "shrink your female fat zones" dvd with the balance ball. i really don't like the resistance strap with this one and i will probably sell my dvd, because i just don't like it. denise does some great videos, but this isn't among them.
i sold the dvd after one try.i don't like her routine in this dvd at all.  i don't like the strechie.  it's a completely waste and it won't give you the same workout as hand weights or balance ball.  i solde the dvd the 2nd day i bought it.  however, i do like her 'shrink your female fat zone,' which uses dumbell and balance for upper body, lower body and abs
what a let-down!.i have seen this twice through now  have concluded that the best places to experience samuel beckett's quintessential words are on the printed page or on obscure stages (like san quentin prison). ..most of the productions in this package seek only to bring attention to themselves (the single exception being john hurt  atom egoyan's perfect krapp's last tape) - they are for the most part overdirected  overacted to the hilt.
an abomination.with great anticipation and relish i awaited this accumulation of the works of probably one of the greatest playwrites of the 20th century. having seen a short promotional film of the project, my eagerness was picqued.but, alas, flash, star-worship and diminished expectations rule once again in this travesty. having actually not even been able to sit through the endgame of this set, and having also seen the foolish, punk-flash version of breath, and the unsympathetic and misunderstood, braindead interpretation of not i, i am so appalled i nearly whipped this weighty and overly expensive set, frisbee-like,out the window..it never ceases to amaze how so much star power can do so much damage. remember the broadway travesty of godot a few years ago with robin williams?.so, engame is a beautiful performance. all the gaelic colloquial nuance of beckett's language,perfectly understood and delivered in a heightened naturalism that is a joy to behold. the only problem is, one can not behold it because of the hack direction. done in obsessively television direction school multi-camera work, anytime a charecter speaks or moves he is held in extreme talking-head close-up. next actor speaks, close up for him, then back to the other actor and so on and so on until the stomach of the viewer churns from this sea-sick demntia of camera close-ups,reaction shots, two shots and flashing long shots. so you don't have a play, or a film, you end up with a television show of utter convention and utter unwatchability. i suggest people stay away from this possibly well-intentioned but decadent and unwatchable and expensive lump of beckett meets hollywood by way of london.
well intentioned, perhaps -- but significantly flawed.there are some good things about this film -- it gives audiences an idea of how insidious the nazi propaganda machine was, for one thing. it also shows the main character, antoine moreau, a (fictional) famous french mime, having his eyes opened to the reality of the nazis' 'final solution' to the 'jewish problem'. brought to a czech town that has been 'given to the jews' by the nazis in order to stage a performance that will be seen by the swiss red cross delegation, hopefully persuading them that the germans are not as monstrous as they have been portrayed, moreau changes his original idea for the performance, hoping to get a 'silent' message to the red cross that will let them know the true fate of jews (and other 'undesirables') at the hands of the nazis.  ..i'll briefly mention a couple of less-than-positive observations, and then get into my main problem with the film.  the production values reminded me a bit of a made-for-tv movie -- and from time to time it seemed that the sound was a little out of sync with the picture. the image quality on the dvd could have been much better as well.  also, the shanachie dvd release is version of the film that has been dubbed with english.  this is, in the case of this film, not very well-done.  the cabaret singer, for instance, comes across as completely unbelievable in that her voice doesn't match her face or ethnicity in the least.  everyone in the film winds up with an english accent, which detracts from any authenticity that might have been retained using subtitles instead of clumsy dubbing...another reviewer below brought up the dubbing problem as it apples to one of one of the children, stella (portrayed by linda jablonska).  her voice does not sound at all like that of a little girl. she develops a bit of a crush on antoine, which in itself seems like a pretty natural occurrence under the circumstances -- here is a famous artist who has come to the village to stage a show, with her as one of the leads, who is kind and supportive and friendly to her, who listens to her ideas and feelings with attention and respect...the problem i had was with one scene in particular.  stella has been caught on the streets after curfew and chased by police.  she bites one of them and manages to elude them by squeezing through a break in a fence.  in the process of getting away, she gets muddy, scrapes herself bloody in a few places, and tears her clothing.  she goes to moreau's hotel and climbs to the ledge outside his room and taps on the window.  when he opens it, he is shocked at her condition, lets her into the room, and begins to try to clean her cuts and scrapes, asking what had happened.  he then draws a bath for her, so she can wash herself.  as moreau sits down, still in a bit of a daze over what has happened to her, she steps into the bath.  just before she pulls her dress over her head, she says to him, `no looking.'  he shakes his head to bring himself out of his daze and says `of course', then repairs to the adjoining bedroom, where he lies down on the bed to have a smoke, allowing her to conduct her bath in privacy.  a moment later, he hears a noise and looks up to see stella emerge from the bathroom, completely naked, in a full-frontal nude shot.  moreau gets up from the bed and lifts the covers, suggesting that she warm herself.  she climbs into the bed; he covers her up, and steps away to the other side of the room.  there is nothing about the scene that implies that anything improper occurred.  he has simply offered her care and comfort and sympathy. ..this shot only lasts a few seconds, but i feel that, regardless of the director's reasoning for shooting it in the first place, it could have been left out.  if the point was to show that moreau has either had morals all along, or that he has acquired them, it could have been demonstrated in a variety of other ways...earlier in the film, stella had witnessed one of her caregivers, semi-nude, in moreau's hotel room (stella saw this from outside).  given her `schoolgirl crush' on moreau, it seemed natural for her to become upset over this.  as a result, however, the scene after the bath comes across as a young girl inappropriately mimicking adult sexual behaviour.  this, combined with the `adult' voice dubbed over stella's, makes the scene even more disquieting...there are some viewers who might argue that, in europe, `standards' involving nudity and sexuality are not as reactionary as those in the us.  in many instances, i would wholeheartedly agree with them.  there is much hypocrisy in the dynamics of american culture and moral values, and not a little bit of neurosis.  however, the sexual objectification of children is something about which i feel very strongly...and i think the scene in question in this film amounts to exactly that.  don't get me wrong -- i'm not so prudish that i turn away from even full-frontal nudity in a film, if it's not gratuitous and it's an integral part of the storyline...but here, it involves a prepubescent girl, and could have easily been left out.  it worries me bit that this point has not been made by other reviewers.  have we become so numbed in respect to nudity in films that many can't recognize an instance where it's not only unnecessary, but potentially harmful? ..i'm glad i've seen the film -- and i'd recommend it with a bit of praise and some strong reservations, as noted above. with all of the ridiculous claims from some quarters that the holocaust never happened, i think it's vitally important for films on the subject to be made and seen. ..the czech film all my loved ones is an excellent film about this horrible time that has not gotten the attention it deserves -- seek it out...n.b. -- this is the second time i have posted this exact review.  i noticed today (6 april 2006) that it has, for some reason, been removed from the site.  i've re-read what i've written, and i don't see anything objectionable or offensive.  the issues i have with the film are discussed straightforwardly.  if anyone objects to anything i've written here, i'd like to know what it is.
not the best holocaust movie made.i did not enjoy this movie very much. after reading what this movie was about, i really had high hopes for it. i expected it to be very interesting and moving. but after watching it, i was somewhat disappointed. one of the  flaws of this movie is that it focuses too heavily on the friendship  between the main character and the little girl (the main child character).  she becomes obsessed with him and develops a crush on him. she gets jealous  and possessive when he tries to help or be with others, whether they be  children or adults. i certainly did not like the part where the man had  another innocent child take her place in the transport to the death camp.  in addition, i strongly suspect that her voice was dubbed with a woman's  voice. it did not sound like a little girl's voice at all. another of this  movie's flaws is that the play at the end of the movie, where the main  character and the children try to show the red cross what is really  happening  to the jews of europe, was, in my opinion, not very well done.  the children were pushed into a space that was supposed to represent a gas  chamber, and then they were quickly pulled out. the main character, knowing  that he and the children were going to be killed anyway, should have  concluded the play by having the children lie down and pretend to  quot;sleep.quot; this would have sent a less ambiguous message to the red  cross. overall, despite these weaknesses (and several others), i found the  movie to be passable, and am not discouraging anyone from watching it.  however, i will certainly not add it to my collection of holocaust movies.  some holocaust movies that i feel are much better, and would strongly  recommend, include schindler's list, sophie's choice, europa, europa,  escape from sobibor, good evening mr. wallenberg, life is beautiful, and  triumph of the spirit (the latter two movies being among the best movies i  have ever seen)
ok movie.the movie was ok, but kind of confusing at times and too long. the time travel was interesting, especially when the bandits ended up on a sinking titanic
book from alex hailey is way better.the book from alex haley when i read it some 10 years ago changed my life and views of people with color, and everyone should read it, yes even conservatives, manditory.  ..however, this movie something just wasnt good.   to long?  the over all acting?  ..spike, you make some great movies, summer of sam is one of your best, do the right thing. spike has a gift for cinematography, however ..spike lee interview on espn? the interview said, ..interviewer: ."kanye west said that bush doesn't care about black people. would you agree with that? ..lee: ."yes, i agree with that, but i'll go one step further and say that bush doesn't care about people who don't have any money (whether they're black or white.) i guaranteed you that if this same disaster happened on long island or let's say the hamptons, you would have had an entirley different response from fema and his administration." ..but you should have seen how he said it, it was as if he was staring right into the camera with this smirk on his face. the dude is bold man, i'll give him that and i applaude him. ..spike said either black, white, mexican, or asian. .but what he didn't say was italians!! ..that dude has been getting flack forever for his dis'n of italians in his movies, they call him a racist all the time. ..here was his chance to say something, and he blew it. ..just didn't happen to say italians? ..no .so he is a racist too. ..and so are the africans in africa, they never have liked white people either, so what about that spike? try going over their and applying for a job! ..and while i am at, the african americans in even baton rouge don't want the blacks from n.o. coming up their! how come spike never said anything about that? ..fkn whiners, so many the world over! give them a mic and let them talk and will put it on tv and let the world see it for the fools they are. ..and ignoramus white liberals eat it up as its gospel and he is telling da truth
thank you reviewers.i would like to thank all of you here for alerting me (us) to the fact that these episodes are not in their original state and not in order. i love bb, however, the more i love something the more i insist it is an original. will pass until a release with integrity comes along
how dare you cut these, mr. judge.hey, i never expected the music videos. the vhs didn't have 'em, the recalled 2-disc set didn't have 'em, and the time-life sets didn't have 'em.  so this doesn't either. fine. accepted. no complaints here on that. ..but the pointless, absolutely unjustifiable edits made by mike judge himself??  i didn't know about them until after i bought and opened the set. but i surely wouldn't have bought it if i had known in advance...if the early reports are true, mr. judge got the message that fans were irate and did not alter the episodes on volume 2. if true, in a perfect world these discs would be reissued with the episodes in their original uncut forms...i'm not ever going to be "grateful" for a subpar release. along with all the other fans, i'm one of the people responsible for making mike judge a rich, succesful man (both bb and king of the hill are pure genious). so in return for my support, i expect the original product to be released.  if they were free, heck maybe i wouldn't care. but of course they're not - and i'm willing to pay, but only for the original uncut material.  i'm keeping my fingers crossed about volumes 2 and 3
nothing but matches.if you want to watch a bunch of the undertakers best matches then this is a good dvd.  if you want to learn anything of the history of the undertaker, either the man or the character you won't get any of that here.  this is bascially a bunch of matches with a little voice over in between, similar to the ric flair dvd (but without the great promos as taker isn't exactly one of wrestlings great speakers, nor is paul bearer for that mater lol).  this dvd has no vignette with interviews with the wrestler or history of the character from mcmahon and company whatsover (unlike the bret hart, hogan and warrior dvd's).  furthermore the cover art is horrible and all of the discs are all stuffed into one side of the box (as opposed to it opening up to several dvd flaps with picture art (e.g. flair and hart dvd's).  if you are a wrestling purist then it is okay, else wait for the inevitable second 5 or 6 disc dvd wwe will release when he retires in a year or two.
possibly one of the worst movies ever.there is nothing redeeming about this movie. no. i'm sorry. there's no negotiating with that. i don't care if i come back and see "0 of 2,000 people have found this review helpful" i won't change my opinion. this movie is just flat out bad! why is it so bad? i could write a book on it, but i can sum it all up by simply saying it is your typical disaster film. it follows every single cliche in the book. and i don't mean fun cliche like horror movies, i mean like you know what's going to happen the entire movie five minutes in. ..1. natural disaster of ludicrous proportions hits america. no other nation is affected, of course, or if they are only to a slight degree..2. government leaders go, "omfg wtf?" and try to prevent it. initial destruction is prevented by blocking up the storyline with subplots..3. some cockamany idea to stop the disaster is attempted. it works....4. ...for about five seconds. then real disaster hits and millions die. let's think seriously here: how many mega natural disasters have befallen major american cities? like serious disasters? i can think of two: san francisco in the early 1900's and recently new orleans. yet somehow in movies when a natural disaster hits, it always hits a highly populated area...there's loads more cliches - hell, a section in part two concerning people escaping a destroyed casino is basically a thirty minute "poseidon's adventure." with such ingenuity, you wouldn't expect too much character development, would you? i hope not, because this movie has the most typical assortment of characters you'll ever find:..* the government official who tells other characters what's going on and shoots people worried looks..* the typical government leader (in this case, the president) who mostly does yelling and pity-playing .* the feisty, independent daughter who has a coming of age moment - and who by the way, happens to be the president's daughter and happens to get her father to ask the secret service to leave her alone. um...the president doesn't even have the power to tell the secret service to leave him alone..* the wife trapped in a building who turns out to be pregnant..* the two brothers who hate each other but learn to cope with one another before one of them dies..* the guy who yells "i'm getting out of here!" and gets killed upon trying to escape..* the worry-wort girl who is told "you'll make it out of here" only to die two minutes later..* the stubborn old folks who refuse to leave their home, even with immenant death and destruction headed their way. why? "this is our home!" your suburban house in houston? please! unless you're living on freggin' indian burial grounds, don't tell me your small patch of turf is worth getting yourself killed for...you're supposed to care for these people. you're supposed to feel bad when they die. but since they're the same cookie-cutter characters you've seen a hundred times in a hundred different disaster movies, you really don't care. ..but let me get to my biggest beef with this movie...who the heck directed this?! lemme check imdb...john lafia? hey john - don't ever direct again! or if you do, here's a little advice - keep your damn camera still! every single shot is either shaky cam or zooms. yes, zoom. zoom in. zoom out. zoom in. zoom out. every single shot. doesn't matter the mood, tone, or action. zoom in. zoom out. it's like they didn't plan out any of the scenes and the camera man had to correct every shot. this gets old in about five minutes. no, actually, it got old in ten seconds. and considering this is a two-part miniseries, about an hour and a half long each, it's enough to have someone commit suicide...is this movie good? no, because i've seen it already. i saw it when it was called "deep impact." i sall it when it was called "armaggedon." i saw it when it was "dante's peak." i saw it when it was "volcano." i saw it when it was "asteroid." i saw it when it was...arg!! my apologies for the bitter review, but this movie really tried my patience. i cannot understand how there are people out there that like this. i suppose there is a secret cult of self-mutilating masochists out there who enjoy punishing themselves by watching bad movies for their own sick, evil amusement. then again, perhaps i hate and love this movie as much as i hate and love myself..
low ranking but hold on.gee, it was until i watched this movie when i became able to understand why some reviewers get so angry at some movies or novels. i had never seen characters as stupid, immature and obnoxious as the ones from this product. i've been open minded to several movies -you can see it in my reviews- but this one was too much, and this time i do agree with all reviewers who have disliked this product for the same reason i just mentioned. do you think we are exaggerating? check just two small pieces: ..-in one scene, a girl and her dad found a town buried by an earthquake. she insisted on hearing some music from the ground, so his dad went to search to look for people to help, but then she asked her dad why he went when there's nobody, and keept bothering all along. did she have x-rays to see underground? anyway, this perfectly rich-spoiled-brat would definitively win -if existed- the jerk nobel prize and graduate with top honors from phd jerk studies from harvard..-in another scene, the california's governor's top assistant gets her couple throwing a fir over the phone and calling her repeatedly about why they don't have children (or else, i don't care) while the earthquakes eat california and washington...the movie starts with a big array of people acting up and demanding attention for themselves while caring nothing whatsoever about other people's problems, no matter there's an emergency state. the classical monsters like vampires, dragons, demons and the like are nothing compared with the stuff you see in this movie. later on, as anybody can image, everybody is asking forgiveness and telling how much they actually loved each other, over and over all along the movie. i like emotions in movies for sure, but this was plain disgusting to me..specially for 3 hours! but if this is the type of scenes you like, you'll get tons of it in here! and you'll rank it 5 starts! as for me, i really thank the ones who invented the dvds which allow speeding movies up so i don't need to put up with so much baloney as i would with the old vhs. today we can see only what we want from a movie. well, let's pass to the interesting parts. ..this movie seems to be a reply to the current anti-fear-mongering wave i've noticed lately. this wave is led by conservative (or the like) people. the top example could be michael crichton's (creator of jurassic park, er, rising sun, sphere, etc) latest novel "state of fear" and his web site where he displays a big deal of arguments and critics against all the media that keep the whole world under constant fear about everything. but this movie shows the government risking millions of people in order to avoid general panic. so, the government initially rejects the fear-mongers who predict huge catastrophes. this is interesting but it's still a movie and what i've read from michael crichton and others is likely to be real. at least the movie writers seem to have done some decent research. moreover they did well in presenting all predictions and solutions in the movie as speculations. it was actually interesting hearing the scientific arguments of dr. hill who sees the problems and solutions. that may have been good hard science fiction. ..unfortunately these interesting aspects were far from the movie's core, which was emotions and more wild emotions with lots of people caring and caring....no matter they oppose actual solutions...all the time. you'll see that some people get to be evacuated and then the president (so charmingly caring) wants to let them go back home immediately but dr. hill has to convince him to wait ridiculous 24 hrs to make things sure. this was too off real world as well...regarding the special effects, some people didn't like them but i did. if this is what you're looking for i strongly advise you to speed the movie all the time without action scenes, which in fact are not many. you can tell this was made for tv in several scenes. some people thought that it was too long as a movie, but once again, it all depends on what you like. if you like emotions and special effects, this shouldn't matter to you, other wise keep away from wasting your time with this thing
10.5 on the unrealistic scale.one of the supporting actresses said it best in this movie, "forget what you saw on tv."  the entire disaster is based on, well, make-believe.  ..and to top it off, it appears the only person in the entire country who figured out what is going on has written scientific books that nobody else believes.  everybody else are idiots and have absolutely no idea what to do.  in fact, the head of fema, who has been placed in charge of overseeing the problems, can't seem to come up with more than one plan.  he draws a complete blank when asked for a contingency plan...and then there is the entire nuclear warhead thing is just laughable and a complete ripoff of armagedon.  the only thing missing was bruce willis...the only thing that was promised and delivered was the special effects.  it actually wasn't all that bad for a made-for-tv movie.  unfortunately, that is the only good thing i can come up wtih...the acting was silly, the dialogue was horrocious, the length was way too long, and the reality wasn't existent.  all in all, i would not recommend this unless you are really into disaster flicks (which my wife is and why i ended up watching it myself).
who wrote this craptastic movie . . ..i'm not even sure why my mother watched this movie, i'm not sure why i watched this movie with her. i can't remember it all that well but i can tell you that "10.5" is not even worth staring at. i swear that it was a blatant rip off or at least some cheesy would-be tv movie that was spawned from watching "the day after tomorrow" trailers ... or was that "storm of destruction" staring an overweight rodney quaid? oh wait, i'm getting ahead of myself. i don't care if the actor that plays jonathan kent in "smallville" (my favorite character) is in it. ironically his name is "clark" in this movie. i laughed for several minutes upon hearing that....but if your still curious as what this movie is about let me fill you in because that's all i can do. for some reason an earthquake that surpasses its nomral capacity in washington (if i'm correct) begins to arise from the depths of the earth to cut the nations of the world in half, several people that specialize in this sorta stuff go to find out what's causing this. ...while doing so we switch to several other people pov when the earthquake makes its appearance; consisting of a daughter and father with problems concerning his wife and a bunch of other people. that's pretty much it although my summary might be a bit off. ...its boring, its cheesy, i can't wonder for the love of me why my mother watched it. but if your still gonna watch it don't say i didn't warn you. you'll get a good laugh at the horrible acting, crappy scrpit, writing, would-be touching moments, ("i love you son." - "i love you too, dad." *gag*) and crummy special-affects (rocks still bounce when they hit the ground and they still try to make you feel sad when they destroy the government's prized bridge of san fransico).
if only life were that simple.in good advice, director steve rash presents a view of upper class urban life that is supposed to be funny in a slapstick sort of way but quickly enough morphs into the world of fairy tales that is unified only by the most unlikely concatenations of events. charley sheen reprises his wall street role as an upward bound stock broker who, in this film, has learned that humor can be the leavening agent to success that was denied him by his earlier confrontations with gordon gekko. sheen has a live in girlfriend (denise richards) who comes across as exactly the sort of blonde bimbo airhead who has little success as a girlfriend and less as a lonelyhearts advice columnist. richards dumps sheen because he has lost his job in a manner that draws uncomfortable dramatic parallels with his previous wall street role. he becomes boozy, depressed, and frankly not a little pathetic in his slovenliness. after richards exits for brazil, sheen needs a job. then he gets a bright idea. why not take over hers? first, he must convince richards' boss (angie harmon), who can't make up her mind whether to toss sheen out of her office or into her bed. at this point, good advice has already crossed the line into a drew barrymore fairy tale where things and events always break exactly right for all concerned. i kept waiting for reality to intrude. when harmon pays sheen with a paycheck for his columns that she thinks richards is writing, i wondered when he would ask her to write the check in his own name since he could not cash checks in richards' name. jon lovitz and roseanna arquette are only props for sheen to bounce off of. estelle harris is more amusing as an oversexed septuagenerian who saves the day. not for one moment did i accept the plot premise that angie harmon might not fall for the manly charms of charley sheen, but then again, in light fluffy romantic comedies like good advice, all that is required to maintain viewer interest is for the cast to pretend that they like each other, or failing that, hate each other. good advice does the former to such an extent that the lack of the latter is hardly noticed. it is not likely that one would want to view good advice more than once. take my good advice for what it is worth
angie harmon deserves better roles.....if you have read harmon's acting resume online, then you know she has talent, she has the training, and the ability to really play a good dramatic role if one came along.  but being a mild conservative (angie is a republican) in liberal hollywood can useually mean that the film companies give her really medicore scripts to look at.  good advice was bad advice for her.  it is miscast with two annoying stars; sheen and richards...and some of the worst scenes and dialoge ever in a movie.  it has no redeaming values at all and angie deserves better roles then this.  this movie was made by artiscan films, which recently went into bankruptcy and is now lions gate films, their films are still bad no matter the name change, and i still wait to see a better movie come to angie harmon
truth be told = #$%  %^*   !@#$%^*.as a cinema/tv major i may be little rough so please excuse me .but i am 70's - 80's addict-o-holic ..i mean i watch these shows daily!!!!..as far as season 3 is concerned there are only two episodes that are funny {trust me)!.. 1. the thomas treasure. 2. the benefit  (the final episode)..with that said..i can't imagine what idiot came up with the idea of writing off mabel king's (mama) character...because that was the nail in the coffin for this show..but what amazes me is the fact that they still would talk about her in the lines  like she still was around or on the payroll. it was  really an insult to our intelligence as viewers and to this tony- nominated* veteran actress ("the wiz" 1975*)..i would have rather them say she got re-married to bill and moved down south and bring her back from time to time......or i hate to say it but .....at least kill her character off properly (if there is such a thing) maybe a car accident or a illness...that way the viewers as well as her tv children roger and dee can have closure ..and dee's acting ability(or lack of it) was was very visible without those cute one-liners she was known for in season 1-2 ..there were two things major things that sealed the deal for.cancelation ..1. season 3= the writing and story lines were horrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!..2. big and little earl (enough said).well.... to me they seemed like a bad corn flake commercial...they only reason i bought season three was because i was a fan of season 1-2 and wanted it for my collection...with that said..buy at your own risk!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
corny, but still funny!.it almost seemed like the acting got worse after every season.  i'm really a big fan.of what's happening. there is a episode where raj is singing a ballad which i found.really funny, because i never thought i would ever see earnest thomas (raj) sing a song.with so much sincerity.  the third season is really corny, however, if you have .been a on going fan you will enjoy watching many of the episodes.....if you were.never a fan of what's happening! don't waste your money, or just buy the second .season (the best season)  and call it  a day
its a heartbreaker..this extremely expurgated version sells for about a dollar a minute! so if you think a 15 minute (estimate) feature is worth the price, by all means, buy this. if not, save yourself the heartbreak i suffered
fun, but scientifically illiterate.the people who put this flick together apparently don't understand the difference between combustion and nuclear fusion.  i don't want to sound like a puritan here, but come on!  they shouldn't need a science advisor on the set to know something as simple as this ... all they need is somebody with a high school education...having said that, the movie wasn't completely worthless.  after i got over my initial irritation during the first ten minutes, i sort of got into the movie.  some of the chases were sort of fun, and the special effects were pretty cool.  morgan freeman is always cool, even if he seems to play pretty much the same character in every movie.  keanu reeves did a marginal job, which for him is an improvement (we all love the guy, but even he knows that he can't act)...near the end, there is more of the weird hydrogen combustion - nuclear fusion, which brought back initial irritation.  do these people in hollywood drop out of school after the sixth grade?  duh
sum of all stars? zero!.maybe no one noticed but towards the end of the movie when the russian president and jack ryan are talking to each other through the computer, repeat is spelled "reapeat".  on top of that, the acting was horrible...this movie didn't take itself seriously enough.  ben affleck sucked as much as he did in this movie as he did in pearl harbor
good supporting cast, lead man is lost.other reviewers who detail the silly political-correctness and faux-politics are right... this is clancy-for-dummies.  ford's jack ryan was sometimes a step behind, but in a believable way.  the audience was right beside ryan, and when he put 2 and 2 together and took action, boy, did he take action.  ben affleck's jack ryan is terminally lost, pouting and confused while the audience waits for him to figure things out and do something productive (or at least interesting?).  this is going to go down as the "star wars prequel" of clancy movies--the one you try to forget exists as part of the saga you love.
average jackie film at best.i say this because jackie doesn't usually do wired kung-fu and this movie utilized that. it also utilized the sped up frame rate to make the fighters appear more skilled. now that being said, the martial artists really are quite skilled. they really are pretty quick. they really can do most of those moves. it had some ok though special effects assisted fights, but this movie wasn't really about that. jackie chan was trying to break into "real" acting in this movie. i wouldn't buy it if you are trying to watch him fight, and if you buy it for the story....well that's your choice i guess
original is waaay better~!!.if you want uncut original version, always look for original licensed production. not us release. its a foreign film, it should not be us version to begin with~! hello!!!?? why settle for less with us version where they edit and cut so many excellent scenes especially with jackie's fighting scenes. and us release ruins the speed and sound as well. i have been collecting jackie chan's movies both hk and us release version for quite some time now. i found hk version to be much more in enjoyable, and higher in quality. american market always like to "americanize" and "control". regional code regulation thing is one of the example to control the market. why not let everyone enjoy the same hk original release move the same way entire world enjoys it ?? no one makes hollywood american movies to "french version" or "chinese version" ~! this what americans are doing~! well, enjoy the cheap "american version" then~! lo
not big on mixing musical with fantasy.i never saw this movie until i was 16. the girl i was dating at the time loved this movie. the rocky horror picture show was number one on her list so i tend to compare this one to that one not that the storys are similar in any way. but they do have one thing in common they are both horrible movies. i did give this movie two stars because it had some slightly entertaining moments, well so did fraggle rock! fraggle rock got cancelled for a reason! everyone burn your copies now
predictable and very stereotyped.i enjoy this genre of film, but found this one dull. it carries a rough smattering of supposedly sentimental and inspiring elements that are intended to create cohesion and a willing suspension of disbelief, but fall short of both aims.  i actually groaned in response to the predictability, and shuttered at the stereotypes, which were mentioned in another review.  at best, stereotypes of ignorant, aggressively dangerous, and perpetually struggling african and hispanic american students who are lost in the world and can only be saved by a lovable, blue eyed, blonde-haired european american belle with superior life experience and intelligence are offensive.  at worst, these stereotypes are haled as informative and inspiring.  this movie has hit the worst in perpetuating stereotypes as both. further, it fails to inspire thought or commentary on real racial, societal, and economic issues, which is what this genre of film is usually esteemed for.
a pale imitation of its predecessors.if you are interested n this type of story, buy to sir with love or boys town instead. dangerous minds is simply boring and predictable with nothing to make it memorable. there are a couple of decent performances from some of the minor characters but that's not enough to raise it above the sad script and cliche ridden dialogue...on the other hand, if you have no life experience, are very young or simply have watched very few movies in your life, you might get some enjoyment out of this. it's not really a bad movie, but it's certainly not a good one
save your time.one of the dumbest movies ever made; insulting plot and bad acting to boot. what a waste of time. one star for trying
nothing special.i got that title after to have read the generally very good reviews. i was however quite disappointed by this movie, its average plot, average acting (especially "mark") and rather clich ending
better off forgoten!!!!!!!.anyone who saw this film and gave this more that a 1 star rating must have been on some powerful halucingens to think this movies was anything other than a complete waste of time. sure it looks good by the cover and the summary, but when i had a group of friends over to all watch this for the first time, we instantly realized why none of us had heard of this movie before. even porn has higher callibur acting, cinematography, and dialog than this movie! the only saving grace to watching this film was the alcohol on hand to stomach it and having 8 catty friends openly rip it apart like tom servo on mystery science theater! do not buy this film! (luckily i got it as a gift).
please, save your money!.this could possibly be the cheesiest movie i have ever seen (and i have seen a lot of movies!)  do not waste your money on this low-budget, low-acting-ability, low-camera-experience movie.  i enjoy a good "gay movie" every now and then and this was not it.  sorry to disappoint
forgive me lord, i have blasphemized.so, a bunch of mafia gangsters come over and shoot each other up, then they go out west and shoot each other up there, including one particular scene in which a bunch of people all get shot up together as part of a sort of montage. woo hoo. how brilliant. i'll never forget this movie. not.
not very happy.sorry about my english, i write from paris france..i paid taxes for the sending of this and i have to pay again now 22,15 euros to the postal service to have my item...could you explain this please?..thank you
can't rate what i don't have!.i ordered i love lucy seceond season in august, but as of today have not received my merchandise.this item was not out stock, so i am confused as to the delay, since all other products i have ordered from amazon have arrived in a timely manner.also ordering certain items on amazon, have been most difficult in finding the correct merchandise that i want.  also i had to return damaged merchandise, and so far have heard nothing on my order, refund, or any communication from amazon.right now, i have to say i am somewhat disappointed in amazon.cheryl henninge
bridges of madison county dvd.the dvd was okay and i needed it for a gift (which i was late for - my fault).  i received it in 5 days but it arrived totally smashed.  it was packed in a stiff yellow envelope but needed more packing.  the outside of the package was marred but not ripped open.  but when i opened it i was horrified that the entire case was crushed. i delicately took it apart and it seemed that the dvd was untouched so i put it in another generic case that i had around the house.  that was disappointing because the case it came in was very attractive and i couldn't fit it in my case.  because i was late with my gift, i didn't have time to send it back to you.  the price was right, the service was quick, just bulk up on your shipping a little
average at best, but good role in here by webb wilder that his fans....may want to pick up on
s.w.a.t.aint nothing great about this movie. i think it moved along real slow. not even that much action. this movie kinda sucked. if you want to save some time, just stay away from this movie. it isnt nothing great. it isnt worth the rent either. wasnt really an entertaining movie, thats all i have to say about it
dumb and not entertainingly dumb either.ugh! swat is a miserable film. i remember when i was a kid and i'd play at cops and robbers with other kids. we'd run around with invisible guns indiscriminately shooting at each other. swat has that same mentality and is aimed at the same age group. it's not a movie, it's shamefully disguised pro-nra propaganda. for all the gun glorification and random violence (pg-13 rated violence remember, as they want to expose this drivel to the little kiddies) there is not one subtle moment that tells us guns are dangerous. here they are just toys and shooting people is just fun. ..i shouldn't really complain so hard as for the first whole hour of this film nothing happens. it's all devoted to pointless character building which never rises past cliched stereotypes (michelle rodriguez expands her range by playing an unhappy, scowling latino-something she hasn't played before) and is totally ditched with the abrupt, anti-climatic ending...swat promises action and the not-quite high concept plot of a crime-lord offering anyone who can break him out of custody a $100 million reward is never fully realised. we could have had 2 whole hours of excitement but we barely get 45 minutes. it's a slow, boring film with absolutely nothing to recommend it. plus it all seems very 70's. i felt embarressed watching it...the dvd is in 2.35:1 anamorphic widescreen with dolby 5.1 sound. there are extras but do i care
(insert sound effects and explosion here).boom! crash! bang! boom! rat-a-tat-a-tat! there - i've just summed up s.w.a.t. for you. starring samuel l. jackson (the second coolest black man in hollywood) and naughty boy of the moment, colin farrell, this run of the mill police shoot 'em up is average. and by average i mean that when something is supposed to go boom, it does. there's little to no ingenuity, little to no originality, heck, they even brought the catchy s.w.a.t. theme back (updated of course). the good guys are cool, the bad guys are bad, and that's about the size of it. the one thing that really bothered me was seeing the wonderful michelle rodriguez co-starring as the stereotypical tough latina girl (tm). after a wonderful screen debut in "girlfight" (go rent it now!), she has yet to star in anything resembling good since then. "resident evil", "the fast and the furious", "blue crush". in every single one, she's tough latina girl, and that's just a shame. it was also a treat to see jeremy renner as the s.w.a.t. cop gone bad, as i'd seen him audition and get the role in bravo tv's "the it factor" a year earlier. so the bottom line is - if you're looking for a good film, then try elsewhere. if you're looking for something to stare at on your television screen for an hour or two, without any danger of thought or emotion, then s.w.a.t. will do just fine, but if you like your police work with character and emotion, go rent "homicide" directed by david mamet
if you want the real deal go region 2.i'm amazed that the us still has to put up with this half baked rush release, if you want the fully realised package with english sound track from the usual cast then get the region two version isbn b000by9alu. ok so it'll probably cost you twice as much and you'll need a multi region player. but for something this good why put up with second best..this is one of those films where the brain really needs to be turned on, as treating it like a popcorn movie will leave you dazed and confused. it continues the theme from gits 1 querying the boundaries between man and machine and the dangers of ghost hacking. at times it gets a touch pretentious with batou and togusa swapping obscure quotations, but it is both beautiful and thought provoking...again a split review 5 for the film, 2 for the slipshod dvd release
still not fixed.as others have said, it's really a shame that you can't rate the film and the dvd seperately.  i didn't buy this sooner because of the closed captioning.  i had read that the problem is fixed, but i just got mine, and it's not.  i don't even want a dub.  i prefer subtitles, but these are ridiculous for those of us who can hear - quite obtrusive...the film's wikipedia article claims that "after receiving numerous complaints, dreamworks released a statement saying that unsatisfied customers could exchange their dvds for properly subtitled ones, postage paid; and that version 4 already had the proper subtitling."..the link no longer works, and if i can't get it replaced, i'll either sell this or get a partial refund
greed touches everything!.review? review?! quality and really caring about providing a product the customer will actually be happy and proud to own is being replaced with making a fast buck. i dare to say that many anime fans are also science fiction fans. my best example is what 'they' did to star trek. just milk the fan for their money. do the least 'they' need to do as the fans are already hooked..so, the australian version of this has an english dub option? why isn't it on the usa - canadian release? doh!.if anyone buys this half-product they are feeding the greed and careless attitudes of those in charge of delivering this type of rubbish. the only one's who may have a reason to own this release is the true collector. even then it's a rip-off not to have an english dub available..what a shame..
wish i could give this 0 or .5 stars .. horrible job dreamworks.actually, i wish amazon would allow for two ratings ... one for the movie itself, and one for the dvd.  fantastic movie, horrendous dvd transfer by dreamworks.  as has been stated by everyone here, the way dreamworks has handled this movie is shameful and beyond disappointing.  ..do not buy this dvd ... it simply is not worth parting with your hard earned cash.  either rent it or find a away to watch the newly released australian or uk releases (~march 2006) which have dd 5.1 and dts 5.1 english voice-over tracks
dont bother.it is ok if you want to see it, but i wouldnt recomended to buy it, cause i wont see it more then the timne i saw it, i really do not know why people have given so much stars to a very regular movi
awful.don't make the mistake and buy/rent this movie based on all the 5-star reviews.  this movie is lousy.  it is not funny, but stupid. do you enjoy movies where the actors talk at you as if you and they were face-to-face? i don't. the comedy is forced (with some interludes that are unrelated to the movie). and then they throw the aids theme in there, but they treat aids as if it were a joke. don't waste your money.  don't waste your time
contrived, implausible crime drama."four brothers" is yet another nail in the coffin of john singleton's increasingly moribund moviemaking career.  the director - who burst upon the scene in 1991 with the vibrant and gritty "boyz n the hood" - has here mounted a film so burdened by implausibility and contrivance that it makes one wonder if the once-promising filmmaker will ever be able to get back on track again.  the story, reeking of artificiality, features mark wahlberg, tyrese gibson, andre benjamin and garrett hedlund as four troubled young men raised by the same foster mother.  when she is killed in a convenience store robbery, the quartet launches into action, seeking revenge against the perpetrators and becoming slowly convinced, through their investigation in the neighborhood, that the killing might not have been as random in nature as they had been initially led to believe.  ..the main weakness of this film is that it gives us virtually no reason to care about any of the characters.  by not showing us any scenes between the boys and their foster mother (except for one embarrassingly bad thanksgiving dinner fantasy sequence that looks as if it were conceived by a first-year film student), we are forced to take their relationship totally on faith, rendering the boys' thirst for revenge arbitrary at worst and academic at best...the acting is uniformly flat, with the characters little more than wafer-thin stereotypes, and even the action scenes come across as surprisingly mundane and second-rate given the singleton pedigree in this area.  the boys' running around from venue to venue in their detroit neighborhood, brandishing guns in full view of the populace and screaming for information about their mother's killer, is ludicrous on the face of it and often reduces the film to the level of cheap low comedy burlesque.  ..with nary a single moment that rings believable or true, "four brothers" is by-the-book filmmaking from a director who has proven that he has the wherewithal and talent to do so much more.
"who would want to kill the sweetest ****** woman in the world?".i knew i was in trouble with four brothers when i saw that josh howard (of sports night fame) was scowling hard, trying to be a tough detroit cop. not believable for a nanosecond. and then it got worse when marky mark said, "why don't you two cops get some doughnuts and coffee?"..the rest of the film veers along in that kind of lame and clichd rhythm. almost every scene in this thing is a howler. and watching it, i remembered i hadn't forgiven tyrese gibson for the travesty that was 2 fast 2 furious. still, tyrese is better than garrett hedlund, who looks like he's a refugee from the outsiders...but the movie's not a total wash; after all, it's got a great soundtrack
waste of time.i got this film because i'm from detroit where this takes place. it's a pretty typical revenge flick. four brothers want to find their adoptive mother's killer. usual smartass remarks, guys talking bs, fights, shootouts, blah, blah, blah. i guess these kind of movies will always be made and when made well they can be fun to watch. this script was mediocre at best. give me a clint eastwood or bruce willis film any day over this tripe.
why in the world is this movie still popular?.i watched top gun for the first time since i was a kid the other day, and i just have to ask, what's so great about this movie?  it's utter garbage.  the plot makes no sense at all.  who are they fighting in the war at the end?  and the war only lasts 15 minutes?  and tom cruise ends the war?  huh?  the film is also very gay at points.  what was with the guys standing around in their underwear and hugging each other throughout the movie?  and i won't even get started on the volleyball game.  the dialogue for the movie is completely lame and stupid, filled with nothing but sexual references and cursing.  it takes real brains to come up with that type of "witty" dialogue.  and finally the acting is so hammy and chessy, you actually wonder why this movie made big stars out of tom cruise, val kilmer, meg ryan, and tim robbins.  this piece of trash should have ended all of their careers.  and most people probably would have wanted their careers to end.  in the end, paramount didn't even want tom cruise on their payroll..but if you want to have a laugh, watch this film with mike nelson's rifftrax, and you'll get an experince similar to mystery science theater 3000.  it's the only way to not lose all your brain cells while watching one of the "greatest movies of all-time" (whatever).  this movie ranks up there with such films as any other tom cruise movie.  which means nine times out of ten, it is one of the lamest movies out there.  remember days of thunder?  cocktail?  war of the worlds?  the firm?  i can go on forever.  his films are all the most overrated movies.  so watch it with rifftrax or get off on the "first exit on the highway to the danger zone.  you know, the exit where the ihop used to be.  next to the denny's."
perhaps the most overrated film ever.i've seen this several times over the years and still can't make sense of why it's such a favorite. the acting is subpar, the drama cheesy and in my opinion as an active duty sailor, fails quite miserably to capture the true spirit of being in the navy. to think that lunatic tom cruise practically built a career off of this garbage...sigh..
lame and corny.when i was a kid, this was one of my favorite movies.  now that twenty years have passed, all i can say is that it is so lame and corny that it's kind of embarrassing admitting that i used to like it so much.  sure i still get a kick out of state-of-the-art (back then, at least) aircraft steaking all over the place, engaged in dogfights and all that... but that's about it.  the whole story is really half-baked, and not much good can be said about the acting.  if you haven't seen this movie yet, trust me, you haven't missing much and i'd recommend not wasting your time on it
great idea, poor implementation.i thought the concept for this dvd was great- choose a different workout every day, really work on toning the parts of the body i wanted when i wanted.  the other reviews seemed very promising.  so i was thrilled when i got the dvd and saw the different menus and the variety of workouts available.  the reality was a little different.  yes, there's a great deal of variety to choose from, but the instructor has all the rhythm and charisma of a narcoleptic chartered accountant.  the routines have no rhythm- the spacing between reps was completely irregular which made it very difficult to follow the excersizes without keeping my eyes glued to the tv screen.  the workouts are performed by the instructor while a recorded-after-the-fact voice-over kind of rambles through the instruction.  it felt very awkward to try and do- there's no flow to it...i'm sure that the instructor knows her stuff and she seems to be really good at pilates, but the lack of clear rhythm and direction makes this dvd impossible for me to follow or enjoy.
is this chicken or fish i'm eating?.with that one line, jessica simpson went from being a d/c grade level celebrity to being one of the most beloved, well known airheads.  the show itself was kind of lame, neither she nor nick is the sharpest tool in the shead, but they at least have a few entertaining moments here and there.  i don't care for reality tv shows at all, but i gave this one a shot.  i gave it 2 stars for the chicken or fish comment, and that one scene where she spent $2000+ on underwear and pissed him off.  otherwise it was just another show that you watch because it's on
the hills have eyes.i did not even received the dvd and how ami going to review the movie. please tell me how to......
somewhat entertaining, but still really stupid..this movie was only slightly better than your basic horror cliche; the nuclear testing/mutant premise seemed promising, but all the main characters were stupid/annoying.  seemingly to make up for the lack of interesting characters, the script-writers/director threw in lots of unnecessary gore.  for the most part, though, the special effects were at least well-done; however, a few of the effects were somewhat misguided.  for instance, blood on bodies that have been sitting out for awhile in the hot desert is red; wouldn't it dry to brown very shortly in that kind of heat??  acting was mediocre.  i've never seen the original, so i cannot say whether this is better or worse.  the movie is not for the faint-of-heart simply because of the gore, but it definitely wasn't very scary.  two stars
surprisingly disappointing.not only is this film not well produced, with relatively poor visuals and a less-than-quality soundtrack but it leaves one completely unsatisfied.  the violent scenes are unnecessary and provide little but visual uncomfortableness throughout the entire movie.  i was expecting something much more  based on prior reviews.   i found the film falling far short of where it  could have gone - disappointing and puzzling
don't waste your money!.the movie on the second disc is billed as the original theatrical release. this is only partly true. it was shown in 1977, but this was after it was cut to a commercial length. i am not a die hard purist, so don't get this wrong. however, the movie i loved was the one that existed prior to the commercial cut late in 1977. the moments with the character "biggs" is an important part of the story, now lost. it supports lukes longing to leave, but it also shows his longing for someone to look up to. without these scenes this simply isn't the movie i loved-the initial release of star wars before it was cut to commercial length. i guess george lucas just doesn't care about those of us who cherished the first release, which sadly now no longer exists for those who desire to see it. shame on you mr. lucas!! ..moral: don't waste your money
no george........no!.i rented the "original" star wars first, just to see if it was as bad as everyone says.  good god!  it's horrible!  it looks only slightly better than video tape.  i read a lot of reviews stating that "this is what fans have ask for"...honestly, i didn't ask for this.  nobody did.  sure we all want the choice between the original star wars and the special edition, but i think george is doing nothing but slapping us fans in the face with this release. i despertly wanted the original movies in their original form, but not like this.  i think george is basically trying to get us to admit that his special edition is better....it's not.  the way it was presented on dvd is far superior, but in my opinion, george is taking away part of our childhood with the new stuff.  for example, they remastered gone with the wind and casablanca, but did they ad new characters?  change the songs to something more "current"?  digitally enhance atlanta burning? no....but they did do those transfer justice.  they look great, they sound great, and that makes for fun viewing.  this slop that george is handing us is not what we asked for....so george, i say to you...no!  bad!  if i had a rolled up newspaper, i smack you in the head with it and rub your nose this pile of....dvd's...to make sure you know better next time.  when these films get remastered again for hi-def, i'll buy...if he gives us what we want
13 reasons to turn it off....13 - monk should stick to monk.12 - the ghosts aren't scary.11 - matthew lillard is annoying.10 - the very first scene says it all (stupid).9 - there are no real jump scenes.8 - the script is lame.7 - shannon elizabeth keeps her top on.6 - the cool house isn't really all that cool.5 - the acting is atrocious.4 - did i mention that lillard is annoying?.3 - and so is that little kid.2 - the premise is retarded.1 - you'll regret it if you don't
a horrid, not horror, film.i found this to be a horrid, not a horror, film.  this film is typical of today's horror movies: production values over the top and storyline and originality lost in the bottomless pit of the phantom zone.  the gimmicks, clichs, and the twisted ending are all part of the course in this movie: all meant to gross you out instead of mesmerizing you with intrigue and mystery.  the original and dated 13 ghosts movie of 1960 has a far better chance of doing that than this over budgeted and poor excuse for a hollywood bromide
skip this turkey and buy the original.this remake of the better than ever original is loud,crude,gory,and worst of all dull!!!!! a waste of time and not one real fright to be had. buy the original instead
this version is terrible!.this dvd version must have been a direct transfer from a video, or a bootleg by someone sitting in the theatre because the quality is absolutely horrible!  the distributor should just throw these babies away because they are not worth even a penny.  if i had to choose, i would just go out and buy the video version.  this dvd records all the pops, clicks and faded images, and is it my imagination, or is the film constantly shaking?  if you like strictly ballroom (and it is a wonderful film), buy the other dvd version - or stick to the video
dont waste your time.i look at the average raiting for this movie. # stars, now thats supposed to mean its ok. well ppl, this plotless load of junk is getting more than it deserves. i read some review saying the musicwas good, and, well, from my perspective it seemed like the music was played at entirely random moments. like it could skip from a fight scene to a dramatic we feel sorry for darkman moment, and i would almost barely knotice, if it wasnt for stupid clips they play of images that make no sense. it was like they didnt know what to show so they figured this is kinda how he feels so lets just put this here. save your money. i bought this after seeing the first, which was lame, but i though it was ok, and hoping this one would hae like maybe better action sequences or something. well this was in 6th grade. huge mistake i hated it when i first saw it. it seemed like they wanted to make a sequel but never got around to doing it. and about the actrion sequences it looked like i was at six flags watching that batman show they play. good, considering its live, but lame as far as movies get. .oh, and the villians who were supposed to seem smart or truly evil, just seemed spiteful and annoyingly upsessed with killing. i really think this is one of the most absolutely stupid films ever made. but that was untill i saw reptillian. which is kinda depressingly awfull
not as good, but still watchable....this second sequel to "darkman" maintains the visual style of the first two, has great music, a few good action moments, and a very good performance from arnold vosloo as the hero. these are the four things i liked most about "darkman 3: die darkman die," which isn't a bad movie, but it's not very good either. i'm not only a fan of darkman, i'm also a fan of sam raimi, liam neeson, and arnold vosloo. given this, i was sad to see raimi and neeson leave the franchise, but am thankful for vosloo's performance. he does a great darkman/westlake and the sequels, especially this movie, have him to thank. while the second was a great follow-up, this film is a little on the stupid side. jeff fahey, overacting in every scene, plays bad guy peter rooker, who is a drug dealer who is after darkman when a large sum of money is stolen from him. the plot digs deeper into rooker's life and soon darkman is disguising himself as rooker and befriends his wife and daughter. darkman soon makes a vow that he will not get involved with the family, that he is only after peter. but soon darkman's light side gets the better of him. the movie is bleeding with predictable moments and painfully awful one-liners. thankfully, director bradford may keeps a dark, violent tone to the movie and mostly keeps the movie serious about itself. there are a few unintentionally funny moments, more so than in the second, and this hurts the movie a little. i suppose the reason to see this film is if you liked the first two. i did, and gladly added this one to my collection. i have no regrets about it, but take fair warning: only fans will enjoy this one. everyone else will be in the dark
what can i say?.back in mid-november of 2005, i tried to buy this title and for some odd reason the computer/router whatever it was wasn't able to find my address and ended up not sending me a copy though i can't complain because i did get my money back. it's puzzling to have this kind of experience. i wasn't foreign to buying things from amazon. but now after reading several reviews i guess i should be grateful not to get one because it sounds like this particular package might be a total waste of time and money.  i love the beatles for many reason but i'm not likely to pay 60 bucks on ebay for the special mpi version. i might however wait for a better version that is sold at a reasonable price if miramax or whatever studio decides to re-release a hard day's night on dvd...i hope this is helpful or atleast inciteful
origins, the dvd experience.the book version of "origins", which i think scientific american or maybe the economist rightfully recommended as the essential general science book for 2005 is the next step from david bodanis's equally splendid e=mc2.  and because it's one step up, it's just a tad harder, especially if you're also an economist/accountant/car dealer who'd really like to understand quantum mechanics (and maybe basic string theory and how it's possible to cope with dimensions beyond the currently now unfashionable four) but skipped science at school and uni...for this particular (nano scale) niche market, the dvd was a big disappointment because it didn't even hint at the exitance or relevance of the reeeealy interesting bits like anti-matter, dark energy  matter and the current inability of anyone to reconcile alberts general theory with the sub atomic or even why it matters...however, all's not lost as the really smart 10 year old (not mine) who watched section 2; part 1 with me was totally enthralled as i imagine any one of any age who hadn't thought about or encountered astrophysics before would be...so the questions are; .was it ok or better?  yes.do i want my money back?  no.will i watch it again?  yes.would i lend to anyone?  only with a cash deposit upfront.would i recommend it?  absolutely.will it drive the creationists into an early demise?  absolutely!..'nuf said.
yawn.....this science movie would make anyone go to sleep, i think cosmos did it better
a pale imitation of the bbc miniseries, nova shame on you!.check out the bbc's "hyperspace" or "the planets" if your looking for a good miniseries on the origins of our solar system, the universe, etc... don't waste your time on this series by nova. either one of the above is far superior to the "origins" series
lackluster and sometimes inaccurate.nova isn't what it used to be.  the bbc series "the planets" contains much of the same subject matter, presented more accurately with interviews of more relevant people
barberella psychadela it's not.the opening strip scene is reminiscent of barbarella - too bad those aren't basinger's legs though. nerdy scientist falls for galactic beauty as presented by kim basinger. i have never understood ackroyd's characters. and keeping in form, he is once again as unfunny as mud. basinger tries so hard - too hard - to rescue this film, but that's no small task considering the ineptness of this way silly film. ok so she munches on batteries, and thinks she has to cook everything in the kitchen at mealtime. she seems a genuine betty crocker given that her favorite foods are nuts and bolts. jon lovitch also tries to prop up ackroyd and this weak script. however, his contribution seems way overstated to me. he doesn't have much to do. funny are the scenes inwhere the teenage girl eventually decides that her step-mother is not like other people. basinger's character has a magic purse with an annoying creepy critter in it who tells her what to do. think, jar-jar blinks. i suppose it's ok as a backdrop for housecleaning. but that's it. flat and mechanical
not what i was hoping for....i had worn out my copy of the firm's 5-day abs so i thought i would try something new.  bad decision.  there are way too many moves in a short period of time so you really don't feel one exercise before you move on to the next.  in addition, you really need to buy the "firm sculpting stick" to make many of the exercises work, which i found insulting and rather marketing-minded.  i am sending this back
bad pacing, ok workout, supp. equipments not useful.most of the moves go too quickly, does not give your muscles are full workout. if you want to remember the moves and work it on your own that's fine. but then again why don't you just buy a book and do it yourself? ..the "sculpting stick" which does not include with the video, is not particularly useful to the type of workout suggested. with or without do the same. ..also, the three 12 mins workouts was too short to make the video worth its price. i'm sure there are plenty of workout videos out there with better pacing for a full workout on your muscles and longer selection recorded. for example, i tried tamilee webb's abs, arms and legs of steel, that is much better i think
rose is a good actress but this movie was not for her..i bought the movie on accout rose was on the cover. i got home and watched and in the end i was disappointed and in tears. this movie is not for people under eighteen cause of some of the stuff she doe
yet another dvd i got for christmas!.where my gifter managed to get an original and brand new copy of this one i have no idea, the bottomline is that it is now part of my collection and i am here to say what i think of it.  it could have been improved.  it's major flaw other than the relatively crude animation is the characters, rather unlikeable heroes and hilarious villains that you strongly wish would win in the end since they are more likeable than those known as heroes.  the story doesn't change much from scene to scene, 15 dalmatian puppies have been kidnapped and must find their way home by going from place to place avoiding cruella devil and her henchmen...recommended?  not really, it has it's moments of warmth, but otherwise, it isn't one of disney's greatest films
if this didn't have pai paio in it, i could actually believe it was from 1962,.but it;s from the 70's.  it starts out pretty good with pai paio looking like a baddassss in a cool white suit.  and it actually gets very unwatchable from this pint on.  i actually stuck through this for about 45 minutes until i had to fastforward to the end, and it still did not live up to the begining, and the beginning really sucked, i just thought it had potential.  pai paio actually looks pretty good, but nothing else was good in this.  it truly deserves that 1/5, and wouold have gotten the 0/5 if they had it.  very sad movie...i paid 5 dollars and 99 cents at the local cd used place and this is seriously worth around, can't think of a price, so i would say if you payed nothing for it you will get ripped off.  so do not buy, movie starts out ok, but jimmy wang yu's screaming tiger is better.  i thought that was bad, and jason is so much better than jimmy, it is just truly horrible to watch this movie.  do not buy this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so so.definitely for the absolute beginner who has never seen a bass upclose. very little learning material. could do with more indepth explanation. would not recommend this one
not how i remember it.i think enough has been said about troll 2 in the other reviews, but not enough about the first troll. i saw it when i was 12 and thought it was hilarious and full of weird creatures. well watching it again with the family 19 years later was pretty tedious...the plot is rather thin and consists of the fairy world trying to take over this world. this begins by a troll changing an apartment building one room at a time into a sort of portal. he does this under the guise of a girl he kidnapped at the beginning of the movie. apparently he was living in the basement of the apartment building since it was built and finally an unescourted blond girl happened down there so he could begin his evil deeds. ..i imagine the troll would have had his work cut out for him considering he was the only one with a magic ring. the other goblins that came over would just sit around in the various apartments looking damp and probably wondering how long this would take. i kept wondering why they wanted to take over this world. their's seemed lush and green and wide open. why do they want to take over a world with pollution and overcrowding? in addition, there's a 400 year old guardian witch living in the building and plenty of plot devices and loopholes to keep you from questioning everything that happens.. .i also think it's necessary to mention the not-so-special effects. while it goes without saying that an 80s scary b-movie isn't going to have any amazing effects, by today's standards they really take you out of the movie. my 10 year old daughter (spoiled by harry potter and jurassic park) lost interest and didn't make it to the end. my wife rolled her eyes and grunted in plenty of scenes. the stop-motion towards the end is pretty horrendous even by 50s standards. i will say the troll's makeup was pretty good mostly because it was a person and not another of the 101 cheap puppets found in this movie.
so bad it scared me out of eating.i watched troll 2 on showtime beyond(showtime's horror/sci-fi movie channel) and like the movie itself is so bad it's laughable!..i mean the part where joshua screams out "your a genius big sister" nearly made me fall out of my chair laughing..the movie takes place in a small town where everyone is a vegan..and like the religous people there have a phobia towards those who eat meat and they are "unpure" if they eat it which ironically saves johusa in the movie by eating a double decker sandwich with meat..the goblins in this movie are creepy esspeically the one with the bolding eyes eek!..anyway thoughout the flim joshua is looking at pictures of creepy looking trolls which is ironic considering it's golibins...anyway in the movie the only way for the golibins to eat is for someone to eat something so they could eat them!..i'm not a child but that still is a scary thought!..after watching this movie i didn't look at green and red the same way again nor could i eat much...only watch this movie if you are looking for a  laugh
"be twice as afraid"...but for the right reasons.ok... i get where the other review authors are coming from here, giving this dvd, particularly troll 2 five stars and a must buy status... irony and sarcasm, and i do understand their views. i thought i'd keep it real though. ..ok, so i bought this double feature dvd for the sole purpose of finally ridding myself of the crappy vhs copy of troll (1) standing in my shelf beside all the other dvds. i was surprised that there actually was a sequel to this movie, which, in my book is an 80s classic. little did i know the horrible truth that was about to unravel before me on the screen. for troll 2 has to be, the crappiest movie and the crappiest sequel ever made! i don't even know where to start explaining, so that you good people who read this will realize the supreme suck factor of troll 2. .all the usual clichees like "low budget" and "bad acting" simply don't suffice! low budget, for one, is not even synonymous to bad movies. troll 2 is almost beyond mst3k material. i don't know how else to explain it. instead i can only ramble on. it's almost like you should watch this movie if not only for the purpose of study. a study of the precision with which they have managed avoid everything...anything that makes a good movie. my only comfort is that troll 2 doesn't relate to the original troll in any way. another thing that saves this dvd is that it's cheap, and troll (1) is actually worth the price. i just wish that troll 1 would be available on a dvd of its own. the sequel is a damned insult
sci-fi trash.well, i can't say that the storyline of the dr. moreau flicks is bad, it's an interesting blend of scientific and horrific.  the 70's version of the film is actually pretty good.  this update adds some more color to the characters, and some more advanced makeup and better visual effects.  well, if it weren't for the poor script this might be a worthwhile film.  the movie starts off with an interesting naration, but 2/3 characters are killed after about 30 seconds and we never get to know them or care about them, which isn't good.  they should've started it off in the airplane instead of the exact same way the 70's version started.  also, the editing of this movie is probably the worst i have ever seen of any film.  the best example of this is a scene that ends with dr. moreau saying "tomorrow we will have a trial" and the next scene shows the main character trying to escape on a boat and being threantened, not attacked, by badly animated mutant rats.  the next scene is the trial, and the rats never show up in the movie again and are never mentioned by anyone.  who had the brains to do that?  there are plenty of other examples, but see for yourself.  i'm not sure about this unrated director's cut, but i doubt it can save this mess.  there are scenes that cut to a completely different location involving the same characters that seemingly pop up there in no time.  the movie doesn't make any sense, and there isn't enough development of, say, oh, dr. moreau.  he is the title character isn't he?  well, he gets killed off way too early, and it's just not satisfying as he has no real defining roll in the climax of the film.  i can't say you shouldn't see this, it's a little interesting to see editing and writing's negative effects on a movie if you don't know what i'm talking about, but if you don't want to see a bad movie, don't see this
a poorly constructed nightmare.it has been a long time since i read the novel upon which this book is based, but i do clearly remember it making sense.  this movie doesn't even make sense (to quote a chicken i know).  marlon brando somnambulizes his way through the film and, instead of coming off as sinister, menacing, and dominating, he makes dr. moreau into a joke.  val kilmer's portrayal is vacuous and silly.  is the character supposed to be under the influence?  i guess he wanted it portrayed that way.  the script?  is there one?  moreau talks about having almost reached his goal.  where?  his one "son" and his "daughter" do have some fine traits, but both are also pretty ineffectual...several reviews have mentioned the special effects.  i actually saw very few special effects.  the rat-people on the boat were creepy and well-done, and some of the characters did make some superhuman moves, but mostly i saw people in very elaborate, well-done costumes, using well-distorted voices...the central character, played by david thewlis, should have been the focus of the movie, as he is the narrator.  he kept getting lost in the shuffle, and i kept waiting for him to see things that i saw, and to ask the questions that i would have asked.  i like him as an actor, but this is certainly not a memorably good performance.  it is somewhat ironic that he is the witness to animal-human hybrid horror here, but is the werewolf in "harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban."..the film does create a sense of the nightmare.  several of the characters do show glimpses of depth and genuineness, most notably ron perlman's preacher, but then he's well-practiced, from his "beauty and the beast" television series.  that was what (barely) earned this film its second star.  let's vote them all off the island, and start over.  robert duvall as moreau?  replace kilmer with matt damon?  casey affleck replacing david thewlis
bad chemistry  bad film making don't mix.this five-finger man gives this film 1 finger (guess which finger). brando gives a performance unworthy of his oscar status,  kilmer is either too stoned or too bored to even finish his lines. not even fairuza balk's beauty or stan winston's exceptional effects could save this hairball of a flick. someone call the vet 'cause this film deserves to be neutered. bad doggy; the litter box is full; and yes the lion sleeps tonight - 'cause this movie put him into a coma.
still updated even after all these years!.i have been looking for a copy of this movie for a long time now because i wanted my kids to see it. i was very young when i first watched this film and it stuck to my mind somehow. good thing amazon had it and they do make shipments to my country here in asia..daryl hannah played a beautiful and believable mermaid. tom was also perfect for the role. i can't say their chemistry on screen is as perfect as that of tom hanks and meg ryan, though, but it wasn't bad. i can't imagine any other actor for the lead role in this movie..i let my kids watch it finally together with my niece. we found ourselves teary-eyed in the end. it was just so touching, we couldn't help it. even the theme song sang by rita coolidge was perfect for the ending. for those who wanna know, the title is "love came for me". .i'm glad i purchased the anniversary edition. i have a home theater and the dolby 5.1 surround sound was just what i needed. it would have been better if dts was used but i'm not complaining..for those who are thinking of getting this, i hope you make the decision to do so. tom hanks is a certified great actor. this movie will soon be in line with the classics like "gone with the wind" and "breakfast at tiffany's". it's already a collector's item. you won't regret it! besides, love stories don't get out of style
bad spot on dvd.we rec'd the splash dvd and were quite a way into viewing it when it just went digital garbage -- all our other dvd's seem to work alright and we have a laser disk cleaner and try to run it through regularly -- i already threw away the container -- we will run the cleaner thru again and see if it clears up the problem - this is the first time we've bought a dvd that had a problem - we've always been very satisfied with the amazon service -- and products as well...thanks for asking..pgammon
overblown and boring.i'm not sure how anyone could possibly sit through this overblown, miscast, boring example of hollywood at it's worst.  gary cooper has to be the most uncharismatic and non-talented actor to ever achieve star status.  it's pretty sad to me that hollywood felt the need to cast a swedish actress to play the part of a spanish girl named maria.  were there no latino actresses working in 1943?  total waste of celluloid and time
totally unrealistic main character.let's see, you find out you have very little time left to live, so what do you do?..1. not tell anyone:  your family, friends, etc...2. cheat on your husband and spend lots of what little time you have left on having an affair instead of being with your devoted family...3. also spend lots of time making stupid tape recordings....the main character gets absolutely no sympathy from me.  she couldn't die quickly enough...and what's with the crappy end of the movie?  they don't show her demise, have everyone find out what a lousy adulturer she was, etc...seems to me that in this situation, that the doctor would have been required, both legally and ethically, to tell her husband
back to the future... of impossible romance?.if you loved the back to the future trilogy and, generally speaking, time traveling extravaganzas on the silver screen... simply forget about buying this dvd. all being well it would make you feel like a total idiot for the first half of the movie, while you try to figure out all the "time-traveling science" you've been taught so far, then space you out close to the end, leaving you totally speechless. this is not good, simply because the producers and the writers probably went crazy themselves trying to emulate the real time-traveling pros, while winding up with some abrubt, nonsense end of the movie, with absolutely no sci-fi logic at all: they simply had to eventually stop shooting, so they just thought any happy ending would have done the trick, no matter the time differences and the numberless loose ends still untied in the plot. not a sci-fi movie and not a romantic story either: look elsewhere for any of these two types of movie
spaced out reviewers.i usually trust amazon reviewers on movie reviews, but this time ....no way!   this silly, totally predictable film left us playing with the cat for our evening entertainment, hoping the movie would liven up.  sadly, it didn't. to those who rave about the film...you must be in another dimension or something.  thumbs down.
paaaaaaaa . . . leeeeeeeez.i often wonder if some if not most of the people writing rave reviews, 5 stars, are really paid, biased, professionals pumping up the movie for increased dvd sales.
the cinematheque of babylon.watching this movie and wondering why it was made and for whom.  i cannot escape the thought that perhaps since all the plots have been exhausted and all the movies were made, all that hollywood has to offer is this. for a while, i watch thinking that perhaps at some point it will add up to something, but in the end there's nothing, just the waste of braincells so graphically depicted in what is perhaps the only 'memorable' scene.  i may be exagerating a bit, i just remembered there are also a couple of vomit scenes.
ice burg victim of global warming:-(.this film had  potential to deliver but it is not worth buying. rent or buy for my two .02 cents
long, droll, boring and non-sensical.i didn't like this very droll movie.  it was unbelievable, and plot less.  there was some plot there, but it was messed with by the illogical sequences.  ..when i saw it, i thought of a bad version of "scarface."  i swear, the scene where they chop up the body was trying to pay homage to the chainsaw scene in scarface.  it was "bloody" awful (pun intended!)..i love most martin lawerence movies, and see most in the theater (or dvd's these days.)  ironically, i dislike most will smith movies.  don't know why.  but together, they are gold, usually better than martin alone.  but this entire movie was a mess.  ..what i did like: i love the "colorful" miami theme that all shows and movies in miami seem to carry.  i think there was one scene in a jamaican shop, where bullets were blowing around, and i remember seen bright, beautiful colors flowing around.  that was quite clever.  i think the outfits were interesting, though, the latino mobsters clothes looked so 80's, perhaps another wink to 80's scarface...the boys didn't seem relaxed in this movie.  seemed rushed, and trying to squeeze in as much action as possible.  ..all in all, a rushed, poor job!  two thumbs down!..mc white said:  not good
horrid experience, and way too long.while i've seen worse films, few films that i have ever seen combine action, comedy, and dialog as sloppy as this overlong, over-loud, over-stupid, over-profanic, and over-offensive piece. the editing on the action scenes, which are frequent, is undiniably bad, making them frustrating and nausiating to watch. the movie's comedy all falls flat, and is often offensive and mean spirited. the dialog is incomprehesibly bad; i don't mind that there's a lot of profanity, i mind that profanity is used to be sick, mean, and stupid. the plot from the begining is just a throwaway. from the beginging with, of all things, a drug bust on a kkk group, with frequent use of the n word to try to be funny, and an action scene like all the preceding others that half the time one can't tell where another person is shooting, i knew it was bad. why, oh why, does this movie clog over two hours? it should have been 90 minutes max, but even if it had been i'd still be saying the same things. terrible film.
sean patrick flannery i love him.... but.so there i was surfing the net... listening to suicide kings in the background.... thinking... okay so i just won the young indian jones trading card set... what else should i get that has sean patrick flannery in it! a ha!  here we go... a movie with britney murphy as well- score! well... i was sadly sadly... very disturbed that i paid this much money for a movie that sucked this badly.... if you like quirky black comedies... this movie is for you... but not for me! sean patrick flannery drives around with his wifes skeleton... britney murphy causes her fiance to kill himself because she doesn't want to marry him.... it all just sucked...  sean though... is still of course sexy sexy! and so is brtney murphy- but i think she looks better as a thin blond.. than a baby fat brunette...
total electric borefest.i owned the original vhs version...i quickly gave it to a friend of mine, free of charge...eric johnson may be considered a guitar great (i don't get it), but he has the personailty of a shoelace and it is aptly demonstrated in this instructional video. some people just aren't good teachers, no matter how great a guitarist they are. ..as an added bonus, his guitar is drenched in reverb throught the entire video, even during specific examples  demos! say what?..finally, the length of the video was way too long (or at least it felt that way. it took repeated viewings for me to get therough from start to finish)...throw in a mind-numbing finale/lecture about patch cables, cable length, pick gauge, strings, theories on physics and you get eric johnson: total electric guitar - agonizing to watch  absolutely god-awful. ..stick w/ brian setzer (the rockabilly instructional bible), james burton (hello.....elvis' guitarist!), yngwie j.(the only instructional video you need for precision shredding), danny gatton (1  2: encyclopidias of all styles) or b.b. king: bluesmaster (extremely in-depth analysis/demos of b.b.'s style by b.b.) instructional videos/dvds. even if it's not your style, these are highly informative, educational  entertaining. i highly recommend these
could have been great.you have to wonder what is going on in the minds of some of these hollywood directors these days. the script is hilarious and the film company could have had a classic on their hands save for one fairly major quibble - the casting! who in their right minds would believe that arnold schwartzenegger and danny de vito were twins. apart from the lack of any physical resemblance they don't even have the same accent or dress the same most of the time. i have to admit it did rather detract from the film as far as i was concerned. i think they should have gone for the obvious choice and cast the proclaimers instead.
now a longer version of a movie that was too long?.ok, the original is a classic and is what...90...100 minutes long? jackson stretches it out to 3 hours and adds very little to the story.  the native were scary. the quiet scenes with kong were welcome additions, they actually made him into a character...something that can't be said for any of the human characters...the insect scenes are ridiculous!! the dinosaur stampede was idiotic. anything with the young cabin boy almost seemed like it was clipped out of another movie. now jackson is adding 38 munutes to a movie that is grossly over padded to begin with?!?..peter jackson is a hack director that has no idea how to tell a story efficiently.remind me to skip his next 15 3 hour long epics
awful.the depression era introduction was the best part of this movie as another reviewer mentioned. from the moment they reached king kong's island the movie quickly spiraled to a painful viewing experience. i felt no sympathy for the big stupid ape. how can anyone feel anything for king kong? he keeps a village hostage to a tiny part of an island, forces them to provide him sacrificial women, and tortures the female star of the movie. it seems so ridiculous that she ends up liking king kong. the villains of the movie were my heroes. i kept hoping they would succeed in killing him so the pain of this awful movie would end
don't waste your money!.this video is way overpriced for what you are getting.  the video quality is extremely poor and the sound quality is even worse.  the content is extremely clinical, almost to the point of grossing you out...the 2-video set is basically the same concept demonstrated 2 times.  if you feel compelled to check this out, buy the 1-video version, which is less expensive
naughty but clever.yes. wild things is what i recommend for our jaded eyes. aren't we sick of all the crowd pleasing pg-13 shows which are neither sexy or action packed - most of all with hardly a plot? wild things is sex sex sex but with witty capital h humor and a twisted story...recent eye candy shows could learn a thing or two from this film. candy can remain sweet and sickening but a great script and a good cast (from oscar nominee matt dillon, kevin bacon etc) can turn candy into cuisine
damp squid, whale of a bad time.almost everything about this movie is bad. on the writing side, there is no plot, no theme, no characterisation. it's like a first, very rough draft, that everyone involved convinced themselves was so brilliant it didn't need re-working. it's impossible to tell, for example, if the father is meant to be brilliant but fading, or just a rather stupid impostor. he constantly makes references to literary works he believes are valid, and he teaches creative writing, but none of his comments have any intrinsic value: it's just what he personally likes or dislikes. so we're left wondering if we're supposed to see him as a pathetic literary snob or the guy who's right. quite possibly, this confusion is caused by the writer of this film being in a similar position...much of this film is like the 'wonder boys' without the charm, humour, humanity, surprise and interesting dialogue. it's a classic example of how up its own arse so much artsy film-making is. plot faults abound, e.g. others have already pointed out the absurdity of an entire audience not having heard the pink floyd song plagiarised by the son...as for the morality of making such a young actor do and say stuff he shouldn't have to . . . . in this country (uk), we have double-standards about this sort of thing, and it looks like the us may do too. for instance, here the press slaughtered, and continues to do so, gary glitter, a pop star who was found to have thousands of pictures of child porn on his computer. rightly, his career ended overnight, and the press has continued to pursue him. contrast that with benjamin britten, a classical composer. bb liked young, under-age, boys; he wooed them, took them on holidays with him and in one case at least, sexually abused a victim to the point of ruining his life. but his music is still played, his reputation intact. in fact, he's recently had a book written about him in which the writer 'explains' that his child-abusing was not really that at all, because in bb's day it was seen more as a companion/mentor kind of thing. ..this film is a good example of how double standards apply, both morally and artistically, under the banner of 'art'. but the fact is, it's a boring, witless, unrealistic, morally suspect, piece of work whose only saving grace is that it's short.
thanks laura and jeff..a very depressing and hopefully not a very accurate picture of our culture..mom and dad have had the benefit of a fine american education, exposure to the great ideas, the great books, the great teachers and this is what we get?.it's easy to see how a group of young men sitting around nibbling dates and sipping apple tea could decide these people would be better off blown to hell.
so realistic it's uncomfortable.this is the sad story of a divorce and it's aftermath. jeff daniels plays another jerk who turns his sons against their mother while seducing one of his female college students. he's the stereotypical egomaniac former successful writer who turns ruthless and hostile after his wife also becomes a successful writer. he can't handle the competition and it turns his madonna/whore complex on high gear. he even fights over custody of the family pet! ..if your parents are divorced this may bring back some painful repressed memories. sadly it's the story of my generation. people with kids should watch this before divorcing. the worst part is the confustion of the boys and the distortion of the facts by their father.
this just didn't do it for me.maybe i loved the original one too much, but this version of the story did not work for me. i especially was dissapointed in the music and the oompa loompas. stick with the first one. it was perfect
a big waste of time!!!!.i loved the original movie, and i love johnny depp so i thought this movie would be awesome.wrong wrong wrong!! first of all, the child actors were horrible, well the charlie and mike characters were ok, but the two girl actors were the worst i've seen in a long time. and what did they do to johnny depp? he was so creepy and weird. i took my nine year old to see it in the theater, and even she almost fell asleep. if you really want a treat watch the original with gene wilder
stick with willy wonka.i could barely get through the...um...er...reimagination...of the childern's classic - while the set design and special fx are state of the art, as usual for a tim burton film, the actual movie is hard to watch. why? depp's "performance" is chock full of ticks and mannerisms, off-putting, flat, self-absorbed, and finally, one-note. rather than the quirky fun of the original 1972 gene wilder version, burton's film is more horror than fantasy, often casually cruel and sadistic to the point of being far from family fare.  while deliberate on burton's part, that doesn't make the final product any more watchable. it's one grim, dismal, downward spiral slog. not much holidday fun, huh? as with most of burton's other big, expensive failures, he knows how to create a convincing world, but has no clue how to populate it with characters and situations we identify with and/or could care less about.  the final result is a film that's like a fragile, hermetically sealed curio on the shelf - nice to look at from afar, but hard to get attached to, much less involved with. what a waste of millions of studio $$$
not to be mean but there's a true absence of a development.let me begin by listing all the great things about the movie..1. it is incredibly beautiful animation.2. the music is amazing.3. i happen to like how the movie is darker than the tv series.the things i don't like about the movie:.1. the characters are not developed at all.2. you get the feeling your only skimming the surface, like a starving person being tost a crumb of bread.3. it almost seems that every seen in the movie was stopped half way through the writting process...ok you may have see that i gave this moive a 2 out of 5, well that is becuase of the story line and plot.the story line of any movie is much more important to me than the animation. the movie left me with a odd emptiness from begining to end. i just kept thinking there has to be more. but there wasn't. the best way i could describe it would be to say it was as if the movie were a lost child at the carnival that no matter how hard it looked it just couldn't find its parents. this movie is for the person who likes action and no character development fluff. but if you are the person who likes well developed characters and story line please don't buy it rent it first. i'm not saying its a bad movie by any means, just a bit empty for me.just one more thing the escaflowne series is very very good don't let any bad reviews of the movie discurage you from getting the series
the entire escaflowne universe in a can....first off, i am a fan of the original series - escaflowne. it's by far up there in the top 5 of favorite anime. it had a lot of memorable characters, good action and a pretty decent story...this is not an original escaflowne. it does not take part before or after the series. it doesn't take place somewhere in the middle. it takes most of the main characters from the series and totally retells the entire story to fit into a movie. the result? not a fan. basically, because the entire movie you see a 30 second introduction to old characters in suped up animation with no depth. for example, the twin cat girls that were so fond lord falcon, show up instead for a brief 30 seconds as singers on stage in a bar. ummm yuck. lots of the more memorable characters are subjugated to this. perhaps, if you seen this first it would be a decent watch. for myself, i was very disappointed...the good points of this movie is the animation is upgraded and the soundtrack is well done...even as a standalone product, the movie has no flow or depth to it. it's basically just a compressed retelling of escaflowne. i'd rent this and skip it as a purchase. if you want to purchase something, get the escaflowne series. you will be much happier
how are people rating this 5 stars.i should first say that i have not watched the series, but will follow that up by saying that this movie has not persuaded me to do so. i am a casual anime fan and for reference will say that the anime's i have enjoyed include dragon ball z, outlaw star, cow boy bebop and ninja scroll.  if you have only seen 2 movies in your life time and the other one was "big top pee-wee", then maybe (and i stress maybe) i could understand a 5 star review. if you are a die hard fan of anime and if all it takes is a couple of bloody scenes this may be for you. if you are 15 years old you might be impressed with this. however if you expect depth of character, story evolution and strong plot, skip this...in a nut shell some girl is depressed and wants to disappear/die, what ever, so she disappears and shows up in gaea as the wing goddess. two separate factions have been warring with each other over a dragon armor suit that holds the fate of the world. the girl is the key to the suit in a way it goes to whom ever she decides; the good guys get it the end. believe me when i say this is the better telling of that story and the less painful one...the good: a couple of good fight scenes and the animation were pretty good...the bad: the tone of a movie is very important and this story was way over dramatized. the characters aren't developed at all so you can't really bring your self to care about them, or want to pay attention to them. the movie felt like they were trying to squeeze the content of a long draw out series into 95 minutes and they failed miserably. i considered turning this off several time but felt that i should finish and form a complete opinion about it. well i have and it aint good.
unnecessarily epic....after 40 minutes of objective viewing, and shot after superfluous shot, i sat through another 30 minutes in pain. i've come to the fairly well informed conclusion that either peter jackson can only do epics wheather it calls for it or not, or lotr in all it's incarnations had immense levels of supervision for jacksons from higher-ups. kong is not an epic, it is a tragedy. tell me to watch the whole thing, if you will, but if the film is constructed so poorly 70 minutes in, i don't need to. on another note. jurassic park had better cgi than this. mr. jackson, no more 'epic fly-by shots please.
now a longer version of a movie that was too long?.ok, the original is a classic and is what...90...100 minutes long? jackson stretches it out to 3 hours and adds very little to the story.  the native were scary. the quiet scenes with kong were welcome additions, they actually made him into a character...something that can't be said for any of the human characters...the insect scenes are ridiculous!! the dinosaur stampede was idiotic. anything with the young cabin boy almost seemed like it was clipped out of another movie. now jackson is adding 38 munutes to a movie that is grossly over padded to begin with?!?..peter jackson is a hack director that has no idea how to tell a story efficiently.remind me to skip his next 15 3 hour long epics
awful.the depression era introduction was the best part of this movie as another reviewer mentioned. from the moment they reached king kong's island the movie quickly spiraled to a painful viewing experience. i felt no sympathy for the big stupid ape. how can anyone feel anything for king kong? he keeps a village hostage to a tiny part of an island, forces them to provide him sacrificial women, and tortures the female star of the movie. it seems so ridiculous that she ends up liking king kong. the villains of the movie were my heroes. i kept hoping they would succeed in killing him so the pain of this awful movie would end
not a "killer back" workout.i purchased this dvd assuming there would be exercises for both the back and abs areas.  the focus is on the abs, where the back comes into play.  but there are no exercises designed just to targot the back.  in fact, michael barely mentions much about the back except when talking about good form.  a good cardio workout, alot of jumping in the first segment- you will feel your calves burn.  a good abs and waist workout as well.  there are alot of twisting moves.  the exercises are very similar to tae-bo, and i would recommend a tae-bo video over this one.  michael only performs half of the exercises himself.  he also seems to favor one girl over the other through his attention.  i wouldn't go through this workout though, and think that it was designed by somebody who had years of boxing experience.   ..he also uses handweights, a jump-rope, and a body bar during the workout.  but its easy to manage without them.
can i go lower than 1 star?.dear amazon, don't ever recommend any grateful dead to me ever! i consider it an insult to my undeniably good taste in music and movies and the like. i tried to step outside myself and tried to understand why this "band" is so goddamn popular, and i still gladly don't get it. the worst part is i saw stupid jerry on some documentary on ifc and i enjoyed what he was playing, but this grateful dead? they're boring! not mellow, boring!! their is a difference
embarrassing.why did they even bother transferring this movie to dvd?  seriously?  the [...] child of a masterpiece, "the vanishing" sports some of the most half-hearted performances and sometimes downright hilarious performances of the 90's...this isn't a matter of comparison.  this movie, all by itself, just sucks. if i hadn't seen the original i'd just think, "what a brilliant plot, too bad they decided to bury it (no pun intended) with everything else in the movie". jeff bridges manages an unintentional bust a gut type performance as the sociopathic professor; his accent is so forced and ridiculous that one wonders occasionally if this a parody of that great, gut wrenchingly disturbing, hitchcockian 1988 movie.  sandra bullock and kiefer sutherland are themselves, which add nothing to the movie. ..and the ending.  oh, the ending.  we've been cheated.  totally cheated.  all the power that this clunker might have had is torn away in a fervor of "it has to be upbeat!" hollywood cornball syndrome.  sandra bullock is rescued, the villain is hit with a shovel, and everything is a-ok!  even though kiefer sutherland's original girlfriend has been buried alive and suffocated.  this is [...]of a great movie.
great book, horrible show.i have students watch this video after reading the book to write a compare/contrast paper. students generally have a great time slamming the series on all levels. the vital important symbolisms and parallels to immigration and western expansion are missing in this series. i can dissect this series all day, but it comes down to watch the series (with fast forward button on your remote ready in hand) for a laugh after reading the book. i think it is worth buying if you can get it under 10 bucks. ps (if you think you are going to watch this in lieu of reading the book, your mistaken, you will flunk your tests)
waste of money.if you like reality tv or soap operas, this dvd is right up your alley. jamie is indeed informative and amusing during his cooking shows. i guess i expected something like that from this dvd
hard to review this dvd.it is very difficult to review this dvd and give it correct stars. if you consider the 2d version, it would get 4 or 5 stars as the animation and colors are wonderful with a very humorous story. but the 3d version is terrible. the 3d is about the worst ever, it never really produces a 3d effect and the red/blue glasses dull and changes to colors making it almost a black and white film. none of the 3d effects really work. the best of them is the falling snow. often the viewer sees the two images ruining the whole effect and making it impossible to concentrate on the story...a recommendation is to forget the 3d version and just play the 2d version. both are on the disk. ..when 3d was first introduced, people complained that they got headaches from the 3d. this dvd definitely falls into that catagory. perhaps in imax with the gray poloroid glasses, the effects work. not on this disk
should be santa vs. the producers.i unfortunately wound up seeing this christmas misgiving on its original airing.  i have always been a fan of any christmas special since rudolph hit the air way back when. each holiday season i hope for something to come along that has the potential to become the "new rudolph".  this is so far away from that you would need the hubble space scope in order to see how close it came.  the imaging is excellent and has been executed with great expertise. regrettably the story makes santa vs. the martins look like an oscar contender.  such a waste trying to make it more desirable by hoking it up with 3d gimmickry.  you can't improve on failure. after it aired on tv i didn't see it return in later years on regular tv. i didn't miss it then and was hoping to extend the pleasure indefinitely.  can't win them all
unnecessarily epic....after 40 minutes of objective viewing, and shot after superfluous shot, i sat through another 30 minutes in pain. i've come to the fairly well informed conclusion that either peter jackson can only do epics wheather it calls for it or not, or lotr in all it's incarnations had immense levels of supervision for jacksons from higher-ups. kong is not an epic, it is a tragedy. tell me to watch the whole thing, if you will, but if the film is constructed so poorly 70 minutes in, i don't need to. on another note. jurassic park had better cgi than this. mr. jackson, no more 'epic fly-by shots please.
now a longer version of a movie that was too long?.ok, the original is a classic and is what...90...100 minutes long? jackson stretches it out to 3 hours and adds very little to the story.  the native were scary. the quiet scenes with kong were welcome additions, they actually made him into a character...something that can't be said for any of the human characters...the insect scenes are ridiculous!! the dinosaur stampede was idiotic. anything with the young cabin boy almost seemed like it was clipped out of another movie. now jackson is adding 38 munutes to a movie that is grossly over padded to begin with?!?..peter jackson is a hack director that has no idea how to tell a story efficiently.remind me to skip his next 15 3 hour long epics
awful.the depression era introduction was the best part of this movie as another reviewer mentioned. from the moment they reached king kong's island the movie quickly spiraled to a painful viewing experience. i felt no sympathy for the big stupid ape. how can anyone feel anything for king kong? he keeps a village hostage to a tiny part of an island, forces them to provide him sacrificial women, and tortures the female star of the movie. it seems so ridiculous that she ends up liking king kong. the villains of the movie were my heroes. i kept hoping they would succeed in killing him so the pain of this awful movie would end
quality of transfers is disappointing - trash along with just o.k. transfers - most can be found in better quality elsewhere.50 westerns, seems like a bargain?!  well... maybe, depending on your tolerance for sub-par film transfers.  there are some great films here to be sure, but at least a third are pretty bad transfers, and the rest are mostly just marginal at best. virtually all of the more commonly available films offered here can be found in significantly better quality elsewhere...virtually all of the half dozen or so of the films from the 1960's are total trash - you can not watch these without getting a headache - totally unwatchable!!!  for example, check out "the grand duel" starring lee van cleef in the sixties - a totally washed out, blurry disaster, probably one of the very worst film transfers i have ever seen on dvd (note: a much better film transfer of this movie is available on the platinum issued lee van cleef dvd).  on the other hand, in this collection you get an early 1940's era film like howard hughes' "the outlaw" in near pristine condition.  most of the other films in this collection fall somewhere in between quality wise.  ..but, you should be aware that in most cases these same films can be found in significantly better quality in other generally superior dvd collections - see my other amazon reviews for several examples. check out "tough guys of the west" for a much better collection of 20 similar b-westerns or check out any of the platinum issued dvds included in "the great american western" series...included in this collection are several commonly found roy rogers and gene autry films - however, these are mostly just copies from fuzzy vhs and as a result most of them have a slight out of focus look to them - you get used to it after awhile and you can watch them o.k., but just be warned that the quality is somewhat lower than your average vhs tape.  i have found that the madacy or platinum issued roy rogers films are generally as good and in some cases better film transfers than what you find in this collection (see my review for the madacy issued roy rogers dvds).  also, you might want to check out the roan group issued dvds for some other roy rogers titles not included here in this collection (see my review for more details on those great dvds)...and then you have the tex ritter and bob steele films - these appear to be actually mastered from original 16mm or 35mm film - the only problem is that they tend to have a lot of scratches and splices at certain points.  in one tex ritter film the soundtrack gets out of synch with the action and talking for about 20 minutes.  but even so, you do get a reasonably sharp image direct from film instead of a third rate, fuzzy vhs copy.  and often these films run for quite a long time without any problems and when problems do pop up it's only for a minute or two - in other words, you can mostly enjoy the films without eye strain.  even so, i will warn you that these particular early bob steele and tex ritter films are not really that great even considering the time period and the genre.  both tex and bob have made better films than the ones offered in this collection - these are mostly just "o.k." performances - nothing great.  ..if you like bob steele you should check out a superior performance in the film credited to roy rogers, "the carson city kid" which is included in this collection.  this is an early roy rogers (pre-dale evans) film which co-stars bob steele.  "carson city kid" is very enjoyable, but again, as noted above, the transfer of the roy rogers films here are not very sharp (the one put out by madacy, for example, while still not perfect, is far better than the transfer included in this collection, while the one issued by platinum easily has the best best picture of all, but that soundtrack is easily the worst!  so, take your pick!) - but, in any case, my point is that bob steele's performance as the bad guy in this film is much better than the other earlier films he stars in that are included in this collection.  .."vengence valley" with burt lancaster is in color and a great movie, but the image here is not very sharp and the color is severely faded out as if copied from a vhs copy someone left on the dashboard of the car a bit too long!  i have the version issued by platinum and it is nearly perfect with pretty good color and very sharp looking. get the platinum version and avoid the one in this collection! .."the kansan" and "abilene town" are both really great movies, but here they are both particularly fuzzy looking - again, another case of bad transfers from vhs?  "abilene town", for example, can be found in much, much better quality on the "tough guys of the west" dvd collection (see my review for "tough guys of the west").  "the kansan" is also available on alpha video and while alpha has a very mixed track record for some of these films, their version in this case is much better than the one in this collection - see my amazon review)...the early john wayne films are also a mixed bag - most are fuzzy looking, but some might actually be from film instead of vhs copies - it's hard to tell.  "mclintock" from 1963 is basically trash in this collection - very fuzzy and very faded color. please also note that "mclintock" is being released very shortly (or has been released by the time you read this) by the john wayne estate on dvd - you will probably want get that one!..better film transfers of some of these early lone star production john wayne films (at least not any worse and in some cases significantly better) can found on the roan group dvd, "the early years collection." i have a much better, near perfect dvd transfer of "angel and the bad man" (from good times) compared to the fuzzy version you find in this set.  ..a couple of other films are rare in that i have never seen them offered on dvd before, so you might need to get this set for those.  "billy the kid trapped" and "arizona stagecoach" for instance are ones i had never seen before on dvd - i found both to be very enjoyable and are from film transfers, but again with a lot of splices and scratches at various points - but still very enjoyable and very watchable.  i don't think any of the tex ritter films are available elsewhere.  the same bob steele films in this collection are also offered on alpha video dvds, but i don't know if they are in any better condition on alpha than what you find here in this collection, but my guess is you would likely be better off with the alpha versions...so, the bottom line is that you should get this if;.(1) you need a good copy of "the outlaw" - it's the only film here that is in pristine condition..(2) you need to have the few films that only appear in this dvd collection and nowhere else. .(3) you don't want to spend a lot of money, and don't care about quality, yet you want to sample a lot of early b-westerns to get some idea of what the genre looks like. actually, on second thought, you would be far, far better off in getting the 10 dvd 20 movie collection "tough guys of the west" if that is your goal.  that collection gives you a much better bargain in terms of quality than the "50 western classics."   ..here's another tip for you.  if you are looking at b-westerns for the first time you might want to check out the hopalong cassidy films offered by platinium - there are 40 films total on 5 dvd volumes that you can get really cheap!  some vendors sell these for less than two dollars a disc (each disc has 5 films on it)!  do the math - with shipping you are looking at about $1 per film.  and they are in absolute pristine condition!  check it out - the hopalong cassidy films are among the very best b-westerns ever made.  the red ryder series is also available on dvd issued by vci and i have seen most of them - they are great films with pretty good film transfers - you will not be disappointed in those...here is the complete list of films in this set:  ..john wayne:.angel and the badman .blue steel .mclintock .sagebush trail .hell town..roy rogers:.the carson city kid .colorado .young bill hickok .in old caliente .rough riders round-up .sheriff of tombstone .my pal trigger .cowboy and the senorita .bells of san angelo .under california stars..tex ritter:.rollin plains .sing cowboy sing .the mystery of the hooded horseman .arizona days .song of the gringo .springtime in the rockies..gene autry:.round-up time in texas .man of the frontier .riders of the whistling pines..bob steele:.paroled to die .the oklahoma cyclone..bruce bennett:.daniel boone, trail blazer..vengeance valley starring burt lancaster .billy the kid trapped starring buster crabbe .kentucky rifle starring chill wills .painted desert starring george o'brien .it can be done amigo starring jack palance .gone with the west starring james caan .the outlaw starring jane russell .white comanche starring joseph cotton .phantom rancher starring ken maynard .the grand duel starring lee van cleef .mohawk starring neville brand .abilene town and 7th cavalry starring randolph scott .arizona stagecoach starring ray "crash" corrigan .broadway to cheyenne starring rex bell .the santa fe trail starring errol flynn.american empire starring richard dix .the kansan starring richard dix .gunfight at red sands starring richard harrison .stagecoach to denver starring robert blake .the sundowners starring robert preston .china 9, liberty 37 starring warren oates .judge priest starring will rogers
one star for violence--five stars for heroism.i "enjoyed" viewing this film and seeing "the good guy" win. but, "there must be a better way" to resolve conflicts, "a better way" to punish bad guys,  "a better way to deal with evil" than just go out and kill everyone involved!  we live in a violent world with terrorists and suicide murderers and car bombings and killing our troops in iraq and the sunnis killing the shiites and vice versa, etc..etc.   i always believe there must be "a better way" besides everyone killing the other guys.  so, that's what i have against this film...as for the film itself, i enjoyed the musical theme and the acting of clint eastwood and the acting of all the other members of the cast. it is a "good film" except for the violence.   and, yes, "the good guy" does win in the end---i'm happy about that!  and, i enjoyed the photography also.  so, yes, definitely see the film but as you do, could you possibly think of "a better way" for resovling issues rather than the violence depicted in this film?  email:boland7214@aol
good but german version from amazon.de is better.....than uk se.just received the german 4 disc digipak. good news. played 10 mins of both - no problems. menus are all in english (or german) all the extra's on the english r2 se's are here except for the photo gallery...the sound is very good and the restored english mono is better than the mgm 5.1 also on here with the commentary and german mono. the 5.1 sounds muddled compared to the mono which is strong and has good clarity and separation...picture. no problems i could see on my 6ft screen via infocus 5700 projector from an arcam fmj-dv29 dvd player. player is set to progressive playback and did not have to change anything...only watched first 10mins of each but doing a-b comparisons with the english r2 mgm se's the german ones are noticeably better, they look less washed out, contrast is not set so high and colours are a lot more pronounced especially on fistful, which is why i bought this set, but also on few dollars more as well...they are also cleaned up a bit more as well as most importantly few dollars more is at last the full version, which no mgm dvd is worldwide.....
save yourself the trouble...as someone said in an earlier review, the movie is split up into two parts.  the first part, training camp, was good. i enjoyed the movie up until it switches to vietnam.  after that, i found it unwatchable. the main character is so annoying, i kept hoping he would get shot instead of his supporting cast. if you're looking for a good war movie, look elsewhere.
not worth your time.i was unfortunate enough to have stumbled across this in 2004.  i was thinking it would be a good sit down and watch type of movie, but it was really lackluster.  ..the acting is wooden, the script is very lame, and worst of all, the action isn't very exciting.  i expected a much better movie from director richard donner.  there is a battle scene, and there are action scenes, but they just aren't exciting.  when the action isn't exciting, you better have a good story.  the story here is alright, but certainly not enough to save the movie...i don't hate any of the actors, they are decent when they have something to work with.  here they had nothing to work with, so they obviously didn't do too well this time...this really isn't worth your time.  i gave this to the thrift shop after i got it, and i feel sorry for the person who bought it there
this just didn't do it for me.maybe i loved the original one too much, but this version of the story did not work for me. i especially was dissapointed in the music and the oompa loompas. stick with the first one. it was perfect
a big waste of time!!!!.i loved the original movie, and i love johnny depp so i thought this movie would be awesome.wrong wrong wrong!! first of all, the child actors were horrible, well the charlie and mike characters were ok, but the two girl actors were the worst i've seen in a long time. and what did they do to johnny depp? he was so creepy and weird. i took my nine year old to see it in the theater, and even she almost fell asleep. if you really want a treat watch the original with gene wilder
euuuwww......creepy!.this movie creeped me out and not in a good way. johnny depp is an awesome actor and i usually find him sexy but in this stinker i find him really creepy and gross. maybe it's the michael jackson-ish look he has going on with the black wig and white face. could they have picked a more horrible look for ww? it looked like they took him to a costume store and put a 10$ wig and 5$ clown makup on him! i love tim burton's other movies but this one sucked bigtime! it gives a new perspective on willy wonka but this willy is someone i would keep kids away from. this movie is childish if you're an adult and pales compared to the original. if you're a kid it's way too dark and scary and has some adult humor which will leave kids asking "auntie zoe, what does that mean?" when are screenwriters going to figure it out? either write a kids movie or write a grownup movie!!! it's really hard to do both in the same film. it seems like when writers try to make movies that appeal to adults and kids, they end up appealing to nobody! maybe i am biased because i loved the original gene wilder version. i would have been open to seeing a remake if it was good but this movie was dissapointing. it's amazing how so much money and effort go into special effects and expensive sets and the script itself is hollow with lousy characters. the whole thing just had a creepy vibe with almost sadistic undertones. the only reason i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because i love depp and burton, if you are not a fan of either, don't waste your time with this steaming pile of poo!
stick with willy wonka.i could barely get through the...um...er...reimagination...of the childern's classic - while the set design and special fx are state of the art, as usual for a tim burton film, the actual movie is hard to watch. why? depp's "performance" is chock full of ticks and mannerisms, off-putting, flat, self-absorbed, and finally, one-note. rather than the quirky fun of the original 1972 gene wilder version, burton's film is more horror than fantasy, often casually cruel and sadistic to the point of being far from family fare.  while deliberate on burton's part, that doesn't make the final product any more watchable. it's one grim, dismal, downward spiral slog. not much holidday fun, huh? as with most of burton's other big, expensive failures, he knows how to create a convincing world, but has no clue how to populate it with characters and situations we identify with and/or could care less about.  the final result is a film that's like a fragile, hermetically sealed curio on the shelf - nice to look at from afar, but hard to get attached to, much less involved with. what a waste of millions of studio $$$
osama.the video is rather slow and will be difficult to capture the attention of a grade 12 audience due to the subtitles.  a translated version would have been much better i feel but i will try it this semester with my students and see how it goes
not for younger children.i bought this dvd for my third-grade twins who are having difficulty memorizing math facts, and don't quite understand the relation between these math facts and the real world.  i thought this dvd would be perfect, explaining basic math facts with humor and real life examples.  but their explanations are way over the heads of this age group.  in explaining the concept of "carrying over" while adding, for instance, here is what is said and written out on the screen:  "carrying over means you take the digit in the tensplace of the digit place sum, and carry over that digit to the next digit place to the left in your addition problem.  you do this whenever the sum amount in the digit place is greater than nine."..yeah, *i* get it, but it is not the simplest way to present it to an elementary grade child...i'm not certain what grade level this series is for -- perhaps middle school and above? -- but definitely not for those just starting out
coloring is terrible!.i'm not reviewing the show itself, but rather the colorization. (if you've seen the show, you know whether you like it; if you haven't seen it, you can read the many other reviews.) the show is lighthearted fun and not to be taken seriously, but if i'm bothered by the colorization, it must be really bad. unless you like jeannie with orange hair and people who look like they've drunk a bottle of ink, skip this version and get the bw set.  then you won't be constantly distracted by weird and wrong colors
overrated and overacted.i missed this movie when it first came out and now i just can't understand what the hype is about.  aside from debra winger's excellent performance and uncanny resemblance to the lovely and talented zooey deschanel, it was difficult to see what the point was.  the story had no real shape, the characters were a collection of tics, and it's horrifying that those children end up with a narcissistic monster.
awful.the first movie worked because it highlighted how the thieves planned and executed the amazing heist. this one fails because 95% of the movie has nothing to do with showing us a theft. it's like they figured 'we showed a theft last time - so let's focus on the story this time'. that's all well and good except for this movie - the heist is the story. so in other words they forgot to show us the very movie we went to see. so instead of seeing how these guys work - we get to see lots of junk. not for a second does the audience believe the oceans crew is in danger because the story has no substance to it. on the plus side catherine zeta jones is ridiculously hot - so that's great to see. on the down side - julia roberts looks terrible (as per usual) but this time she plays the character tess who plays the actress julia roberts!!!??? this whole scene with bruce willis is awful and ridiculous. i cant believe they filmed it - let alone wrote it. i half expected the scene to turn into a blooper reel and the director apologizing for trying out this bad idea. anyway - overall this movie was boring and garbage. i expected to see a heist film that showcased how professional thieves work their trade. instead i saw a movie that had nothing going for it other than beautiful talent. hollywood figured we should love this movie because it had style. i guess hollywood won because they took my money again.
an arrogant waste of time.i liked ocean's eleven but this movie was just ridiculous.  someone seemed to think that if you get enough big celebrities in one place and try to make it "stylish" you'll have a good film.  unfortunately, the plot, dialogue, and even the internal logic of the plot is just poorly done.  the clever banter isn't clever.  the plot is slow and dull.  and without giving too much away (although you really should pass on this movie!) there is a plot twist involving the julia roberts character that is so ridiculous as to be arrogant.  overall, a terrible film and a terrible waste of everybody's time
sequals are never as good.following in the footsteps of oceans eleven, in one word... horrible.  the plot was really weak, and the ending was completly unexpected, in this case, that was not good.  there was nothing wrong with the actors, they were all good, it is just the plot was horrible.
overhyped.plot falls together nicely, but one can easily figure the culprit with a little concentration.  if one can get over the musical theme which is played incessantly over and over and over... one might be inclined to rate the film higher.  i couldn't and won't.
disappointing.i think what's annoyed me the most is that evie has gone from a talented, and exciting person to a major cow. all she seems to care about is herself and her own wants.  and this whole relationship with daniel made no sense whatsoever.  daniel as loyal husband just didn't work when one couldn't see the connection between them.  on her side, it all just seemed to be about possession.  on his, who knows?  the acting was weak there...the rest of it was quite boring.  this series was not gripping like series 1 and at least half of series 2 (that got annoying with evie's selfishness again).  and the dialogue in general and the acting was getting more and more stilted and dull
not my cup of tea.i rented this movie because i like luke wilson and i was in the mood for a romantic comedy, but i was very disappointed. there's just about no chemistry between wilson and kate hudson, and she was just terrible. throughout the entire movie, i could practically see the acting wheels turning in her head--her portrayal as a somewhat prudish, somewhat mousy character was both unnatural and incredibly annoying. if not for her bad acting, i would have given this movie a higher rating, because it did have its funny and some sweet moments (if you can ignore the implausible plot). there just wasn't enough "good" to compete with hudson's "bad.
kate hudson is the cute all-american girl-next door  type.albeit with an attitude. she's stuck in a way too predictible  formula comedy. all that is left is the particulars. a novelist, alex is under fire, literally  to produce a novel quickly to get the money to pay off loan sharks who want to kill him. he hires steno, emma  she  moves almost literally into his life as he begins to crank out a novel; with her critical comments along the way. it is soon obvious that the novel is paralleling their going relationship. yes, of course, they are falling in love..the movie flashes between the present day  the 1920's gatsby-like setting of the novel. the problem is they are all too aware that this is happening. that they know that this is causes the movie to lose much of the charm it could have had if the two stories proceeded with  emma  alex blithely ignorant of what was happening. art imitates life. or is it life imitates art? i could squeeze 21/2 stars
worst movie ever made.self indulgent, purile, child-like, pure unadulterated garbage of the highest order...a truly horrible movie.
collateral.it's amazing just how quickly i decided this movie really sucks. a music video without the music! for the usa today, mtv, no attention span generation! with exclamation points! however, just to be fair and because i had nothing better to do, i endured 20 minutes. give me a medal! tom cruise looks better with mustache, beard, gray hair. jamie foxx's talents are wasted here. it's writing like this that makes us realize that aaron spelling was much better than we gave him credit for.
it's hard to buy into this one..we all knew form the previews of this movie that tom cruse is a hit man and jamie foxx is a cab driver. and, that tom commandeers jamie and his cab for a night of killing. the problem, for me was when the mild-mannered, soft-spoken cab driver turns into a macho operative and then a super hero. ..max (jamie foxx) has been a cab driver for twelve years. although he has dreams and aspirations; that's about all they are. after twelve years he is still a cab drive. yet, when he picks up a sophisticated lady lawyer, he charms her with his quick wit and knowledge; to the point that she gives him her phone without him even asking for it. i did not buy that for a minute...his next fare is vincent (tom cruse). vincent wants to hire max's cab for the night and is willing to pay well beyond max's usual night-time take. yet max resist. (why? i don't understand this.) reluctantly max agrees to vincent's request but only after vincent really pushes the issue. then, everything changes when max -- by accident -- finds out that vincent is a killer. and, that vincent plans on killing more people with max as his wheel man...remember, max is a mild-mannered, passive type of person. so he not only fears for his life but he is scared out of his wits. and so, he allows vincent to intimidate him into going along on the killing spree...of course all does not go as planned...without giving away the plot (if you can call it that) max is forced by vincent to confront some very bad people -- on his own. yet, while being scared out of his wits and surrounded by gun wheeling henchmen; max is able to bluff the very bad man by putting on a macho act. i did not buy that for a second...after more killings, max is still scared but decides that vincent must be stopped. so, without regard for his own life (anymore), max makes an all out effort to stop vincent. that, of course, does not work. vincent leaves max in a precarious situation and continues to go after his next victim. so max, in his now obsession to stop vincent, overpowers a police officer who is arresting him, takes the police officer's gun, and goes after vincent to stop him. i did not buy that for a millisecond. and i am glad i did not buy this movie.
a disappointment in a way....for some reason , or at least the way the album was introduced, one may assume that there is a lot here to enjoy. unfortunately it is not the case. the album is more for floyd's fans who are eager to have all the small details.well, personaly i don't care that much about these details, all i want is the true staff, for that i would recommend to those who are hesitating, don't buy this dvd, buy the cd...or wait for the true dark side of the moon
careful as you might feel cheated.there's no one complete song on this album. i was fooled and hope my advise may prevent others from falling in this trap. i love pink floyd and hoped to listen and see they perform but nothing like that happens in this dvd
staying lame.a better title for this cheap-budget film is "staying lame," since it is nothing more than a shell of a plot featuring two well-known actors.  when i say actors, i may be stretching it a bit, since samuel l. gives a wooden performance every time, while ben "good will hunting" affleck performed best as j lo's arm candy...but the movie is a pitiful back-and-forth revenge saga, unbelievable, reminiscent of a ping-pong match.  it is a "the firm" wannabe, a bruce willis entendre copy and not worth the $4 it cost to rent from your local video rental store.  ..hopefully, one day, both main actors will go to acting school, or better yet, stop making movies altogether.  but then, there is always the remake of "gone fishin'" starring danny glover and joe pesci that would be perfect for sammy and benny.  that, or both could act together inside the jaba the hutt costume in the final prequel of star wars.  ..just don't expect me to rent it when it comes out.
beautifully shot, poorly acted, terrible dialouge.i really like the aesthetic of this film, but not much else.  the dialogue in particular is really trite.  the characters are all hackneyed caricatures - john lurie as an unconvincing pimp, tom waits as a burnt-out dj, and roberto benigni as a crazy italian guy.  i didn't believe these might be real people for one second - they are very clearly "characters".  the film is beautifully shot in black and white, but jarmusch leaves out a few things that would make this film more convincing.  waits and lurie meet in prison after each was set-up for different crimes, but the film never delves into why they were set-up.  we see very little of the prison aside from their cell.  we don't see the escape until they're in the tunnel.  we never see any police or dogs, we just hear them.  the coming together of nicoletta and roberta is ridiculous.  ..2 stars for the cinematography, 0 for everything else
kill me now..great casting, but poor choice of a stage script to translate to film.  it's so aggravating.  i want to chew my own leg off half way into it.  i know part of it is everyone is a "talker" of a various sort.  they're all a different type of scam artist for this reason in how they sell.  i just don't think it works.  otherwise talented dialog delivery that comes off totally contrived.  the best actors in this are playing cliches of themselves.  it gives stage to screen adaptations a bad name.  mamet's an extraordinary genius-writer, but this did not belong on the screen.
"a promise is a promise".it could happen to you was a bit of a disappointment, considering the makeup of the cast: nicolas cage, bridget fonda, and rosie perez among others..the movie brings to the screen the story of a policeman who after winning 4 million dollars on the ny state lotto, decides to share half of it with a waitress he met the previous day.  .the acting is surprisingly (!) below average, the dialogues are way below average, while the plot is not bad at all.  .nicolas cage's character is too naive and too slow, and that was just sad/pitiful!.bridget fonda was unexpectedly plain and bland..rosie perez's character was overly exaggerated to the point that it got tiring and annoying very early on..as for wendell pierce and stanley tucci this film does not seem to be their thing; they don't seem to belong.  subsequently, they are not convincing in their roles at all..finally, somebody shoot the "narrator," please!.though the potential for a great movie was definitely there it fails to take off.  a shame really...  no masterpiece here..if nicolas cage is what you had in mind, check out the amazing movies city of angels and/or the family man.
really really really bad.off-hand, i can't think of a worse movie. (and i think nicolas cage has done some truly awesome work in other films--hey, he's making a buck, here.) that's all. 1/32 star, if possible
core workout.when i ordered this product,i failed to realize that you needed the stability ball in order to do the dvd.  i did not want that type of workout, so wanted to return it.  i still have the dvd, as amazon has been horrible with their customer service and the return!!!  i had problems with the return information on the internet, so contacted cust. svc. - they have repeatedly said the only way i can return the dvd is by a return label that they will mail to me immediately.  it's been well over a month and i still have no return label, after contacting cust svc. multiple times.  no more ordering via amazon for me
philadelphia.denzel washington is probably my favorite actor. even in that dog of a movie called the manchurian candidate, he shone. tom hanks? well, lemme quit hating the guy. this is a well-intentioned movie, tom did a creditable job, and we had extreme close-ups with funny colors to camouflage the spots where he overreached. i was also pleasantly surprised to see antonio banderas fly in the face of his latino studliness by playing a gay guy. a passionate one, though, since he's still a latino, after all. ..actually, this is a hollywood "message movie," and you know what that means. it's about as subtle as michael moore. those who agree with the message flock to be beaten about the head by it for two hours. those who the filmmakers would like to see the movie, those who don't agree with the message, stay as far away from it as possible. ..there's a scene in the library where nobody wants to sit at the table with aids boy. the way they stared at him reminded me of "lao wei in china" experiences. denzel's character was reminded of segregation, even though he's too young to remember it, and started to care about tom hanks' character. ..aids discrimination is bad. actually, any discrimination at all is bad. and that's the movie's message. i agree with the message, but still. that's all we've got. ..as a totally irrelevant non-sequiter, if the name "sam francisco" means anything to you, you've seen subtle commentary on discrimination. ..i love a great courtroom drama. this one was merely good. with so much of an agenda to squeeze into a two-hour film, they had to take a few shortcuts here. sad, ain't it? but even so, a well-intentioned film that i'm glad i saw. once. not twice. once is enough, thank you.
over rated underwriten and over acted.well i bought this series agaisnst the star rating it has and i can only say that in my humble opinion it is badly written the acting is ham,and the actors of a standard that do not rate on a scale of 1 to 10 and i do not mean they score higher than ten. i cannot understand its  five star rating as comparing it with other series such as medium, numbers,waking the dead,it should never have got passed the pilot.if i could i would rate it 0 stars.if there is a secound series i will not be buying it.
the power of amazon.it isn't exactly fair for me to have given this only one star as i haven't purchased this product, nor have i seen it. the point is that i would have had it not been for the overwhelming heads up about its poor quality from so many reviewers. clearly, fox needs to sit up and take notice...this reminds me of the early days of cd remastering. anybody remember the first release of jethro tull's "aqualung"? we're not even in the early days of dvd remastering anymore, so fox should know better...thank you to amazon for giving consumers a more powerful voice, and to everyone that writes helpful reviews
20th century ripoff!!!.i specifically waited to buy this on dvd hoping to get a todd-ao version and not just the cinemascope version.  the freaking laserdisc looks better than this!  i, for one, will not be buying any more "special editions" without reading the reviews in amazon or elsewhere when it comes to 20th century ripoff.  this release reminds me of all the 20th laserdiscs that were first released when laser was just starting out and how poorly the transfers were treated...now it seems we're right back to the good old bad transfer days of yore.  yuk, i recommend that no one buy any of their discs (especially the upcoming crappy versions of star wars non-anamorphic, non-5.1 sound original movies).  these people suck big time!.t
visual diappointment for a great format.like several others, i agree that the cinemascope version was well presented, but what a disappointment as far as the todd-ao digital transfer! the original release i bought in 1999 gives a much clearer and brighter todd-ao version that gives you a much better idea of what the original may have looked like.         i enjoyed seeing "the miracle of todd-ao" again, but similarly the realism that was present in the original was lost, either due to poor quality of stock or inabilty to be able to digitally correct and sharpen the image. (i find it hard to imagine that fox couldn't resore it better).there was an apology printed on our region 4 version.
the miracle of ... what?.this is my first time in this forum..i've seen the film of the 2nd disc and i found the copy...not only bad but unnoticeable..as a miracle the last three fellows have seen the copy in good conditions. it is possible that fox home video have changed and made new copies of the 2nd disc. if this is not true it is possible that they have discovered a fantastic ophtalmologist. ..i choose the first option. ..are you so kind  -via fox- to inform us how to change the bad copies in order to have all the collection in good conditions ?..yours..r
socially bankrupt and a decline in humanity....if you think that two girly retards acting dumb and getting fired everyday is funny hit "no"...if you think that this sucks hit "yes"...thus says the metal master 92..
highly disappointed.i have yet to actually watch more than the first 10 mins. the quality is so bad i refused to go any further. for the life of me i can see how any studio worth its salt could release anything so poor; where has "pride in your work" gone. i could hardly make out the actors in this movie..i skipped forward by chapters just to see if some change had taken place, but to my dismay there was none. i am not one of those critics always writing bad reviews, in fact this is probably my second ever. i just had to warn other buyers so they don't get shafted like i did..in all fairness the movie itself may actually be great but for me what is the use if its un-watchable. its almost like a bad bootleg movie (i refuse to watch those too). i am sure they could have spent some more time and money to remaster it and get all the graininess out and bring clarity to this film..all in all this is just my opinion and i hope it helps someone save their money, however if you don't mind the picture quality get it because i love the trinity saga
terence hill, bud spencer, lionel stander in the west..also known as trinity rides again/ la collina degli stivali..  the print of this 1969 italian western film is very poor.  grainy and greenish sometimes.  right away you will notice that terence hill and lionel stander (a star is born [1937], hart to hart tv series [1979-84], hart to hart tv-movies [1993-96] ) have their voices dubbed by someone else.  sometimes you hear stander's real voice.  stander plays a circus ringmaster.  with his assistance he will help terence and bud spencer take down the bad guys in the west. difficult film to enjoy without terence hill's real voice.  victor buono also in the film
skip it!!.as a japanese horror film enthusiast, i was very disappointed. i feel it is a blatant rip-off of the grudge/ ju on. parts of it are very scary, but it really made no sense. i'm glad i didn't pay money for this dvd and watched it on on demand cable, instead. blah...
slow, dull, incomprehensible.won't attempt to review the plot. other reviewers seem to understand it and i don't.  if you like slow, dull, incomprehensible japanese horror films, this is for you.  much too much unfathomable exposition between the moments of real horror, which, though well done, are few and far between.  the ending is even more bewildering than the rest, and that is saying something
laughably bad...ha ha ha.. i can't stop laughing about how terrible this film (and i use the term film very loosely) is. what would ever posess such a great actor like al pacino to star in this horrible farce? ..the story line goes nowhere and plot is non existent. my advice to the director.. go back to film school and learn about plot points and utilizing the basic three act structure to build suspense. ..seriously.. how could anyone like this boring, mellowdramatic, nonsensical, hogwash? it's as if it was a film by committee. a bunch of "executive-co producers" got together in a plush conference room somewhere in la and while sipping their latte's and intermittantly using their blackberry's to paige their personal assistant about what type of champagne they'd like for lunch, threw out their best ideas for a spy thriller.. i know, how bout' we get colin farrell..wow!.. that is sooo totally an awesome idea!!..and that's where this film began folks.. and ends...don't waste your time, don't waste your three bucks at blockbuster, don't waste a rental cycle at netflix, don't waste any good memories of the great al pacino you  may have, and whatever you do, don't buy this film for your dvd collection
so, where's the extras?.nothing. not even a trailer. what a wasted opportunity for a commentary by west (who does do them -- he did one for when a stranger calls) or a retrospective featurette...all you do get with this extended version is additional dialogue between cusack's character and a female law enforcement officer in a hanger, footage of a prison riot during the opening credits montage and a few more graphic shots of hapless inmates being killed during the course of the movie
thumbs down.regardless of the new extras and restored scenes, this dvd has a terrible video transfer. horizontal edges have more edge enhancement than even the infamously bad swep1 phantom menace dvd. the overall picture is reduced to near vhs quality from the excessive ringing...absolutely avoid this z-grade transfer unless you have a 13" tv or don't care at all about video quality
i call shenanigans!.shame on you disney, for trying to bleed me of my hard-eard money...i call shenanigan
back to the well, and this one was shallow to begin with....i hate to admit i actually own this thing on vhs.  and unless my mind is going more than usual, i have this cut of the movie too...double (and more) dipping by the studios seems to be the way of dvd.  we get at least four issues of terminator 2, but none of robinson crusoe on mars.  i personally am sick of it...director's cuts, unrated editions, and other snaky ways of trying to separate my money from my wallet.  no wonder i've taken to borrowing nearly all my dvds from the public library...no, you generally don't get them the day they come out.  but honestly, when was the last time you purchased a movie from hollyweird that was worth keeping?  don't do it
superman - the animated series is a classic!.this third volume of superman -the animated series is really a tribute to the late, great jack kirby. darkseid is introduced with some of the other new gods that jack had created. this is because the animators of the series, like bruce timm were fans of kirby's and were inspired and influenced by jack. you won't be disappointed as a fan of the superman series either.i know i wasn't. i've been a fan of all of the dc warner brothers cartoons. the stories and art are well done.
superb series marred by poor dvd quality control!.i really wanted to give superman volume 3 a full 5 stars, but unfortunately the quality control of the dvd release is poor, hence the 1 star rating.  the dvd set i purchased skipped at the green lantern episode.  the replacement i got also skipped at the same place.  in addition, the two-sided disc format with which all three dvd volumes have been released is a damage prone format.  luckily i was able to get a full refund, but at this point i'm not sure if or when i'll try my chance at buying this set again.  ..the lack of quality control is too bad, because volume 3 contains some of the best episodes of the whole series.  if you are fortunate enough to get a dvd set free of defects, then you are really in for a treat.  bruce timm and company bring the same high level of storytelling to superman as they did on batman: the animated series.  of particular note is an ongoing subplot involving the villain darkseid throughout the series.  it finally gets put front and center in several episodes of volume 3, and leads straight to the very powerful and dramatic series finale.  i felt that the finale could have been written out across three episodes instead of two due to the scale of the story, but nevertheless it is a great ending for a great series
john wayne.how did this guy ever act, such bad acting...ugh! i just can't stand to watch a john wayne movie
the man who shot liberty valance.i have seen this movie a lot of times and this dvd is the only time that i did not hear the song sung by jean pitney. maybe they forgot to add it when they made this dvd and it was very disapointing so that is why i only gave it 2 stars. maybe you can look at this problem for me.a great movie.                    thanks  noel.
great artist deserved a better film."modigliani" (2004) is a self-indulgent, pretentious and largely fictional portrait of a tragic artist. writer-director mick davis goes overboard on the symbolism while revealing precious little about the man and his work. ironically, the viewer has a better understanding of pablo picasso than amedeo modigliani. despite his boundless enthusiasm, andy garcia is simply too old for the title role. an irritating fiasco that deserved its straight-to-video fate
disappointed.i purchased this dvd mainly for the hip hop sections.  i was very disappointed to find out there is no hip hop dancing on this dvd.  madonna grimes is the instructor for the hip hop section but it is basic aerobics and floor exercises.
sideline secrets.this movie combines the worst traits of a vanity production combined with a "let's make a movie" amateur hour style.  the plot  is ludicrous, the script foolish and inept, the acting so crude as to be embarrrassing.  the whole thing makes you wince.  there are scenes staged more or less in the style of ed wood with bits and pieces of business from who knows where, but without wood's sincerity and conviction, both of which make that director's inepitude and crudity both touching and original.  but  this movie  is merely bad.  what is worse, it tries to confront issues which, in better work, should be important.  the problem does not lie merely in the fact that it is a low budget movie.  green plaid shirt, for example, was made for very little money.  but it is everything that sideline secrets is not:  movingly and convincingly acted, brilliantly directed, touchingly written, and at times profound.  it's worth watching over and over.  it was hard for me to watch sideline secrets even just once
don 't bother with this one....i am a staunch supporter of young film makers, and love a good "coming-out" story; however, trainwreck as another viewer called this, doesn't even begin to describe how bad this film is.  i've seen better high school and community theater productions! the acting--particulary the mother and step-father sounded as though it was being read for the very first time...with the right cast, the script might have had half a chance, but even that's questionable with same old tired gay cliches and predictable stereotypes
what a piece of crap! i gave this one star, but it deserves none...i am not sure what the filmmakers of this train wreck were striving for when they made this low budget movie. i think the film is nothing more than an excuse to film young male actors nude. the film wants to be something it is not--it wants to be a mystery film when in reality it is a no-class softcore porn flick. to call this movie cinema is an insult to filmmakers and to viewers fooled into watching it!.  needless to say i think this film has few, if any, redeeming features. where to begin? the plot is weak asking us to believe in characters doing things that no one with one ounce of logic would do (for example, the mother leaves home for a few days to visit an aunt knowing her husband recently slugged her son in the face without provocation). .  i did not believe for one single moment any of the situations that were happening. the acting? hmmm. okay, i'll give the two young male leads some credit here. they made the best of a bad situation. in fact, most of the the young actors were passable (just passable), however, the adults are another story entirely. i would venture the entire movie's dialogue, especially the well-intentioned actress playing "devon's" mother, was looped. the voices don't sound right. the acting ability of the actor portraying the step-father was about as subtle as the smell of a fertilizer plant... i.e., he reeked! .  this movie has cardboard characters possessing no real sense of believability. for those who claim this movie is camp is doing that genre a disservice. i read a few reviews that complained that the young male actors weren't hot enough-- what a ridiculous notion! those comments miss the point of this film entirely. this was not supposed to be a story about hot men, but about teen exploitation. in effect, what this story tries to warn the viewer against is exactly what the film becomes. the actors were used and used badly by this film's production team..  i lay the blame entirely at the feet of the producer, the writer and director. this amatuer drivel is the worst kind of schlock available to buyers. i could go on and on about how bad this movie truly is. as a writer i can say this is one of the worst films i have ever seen. save your money. there are pleny of other gay-themeed films that are worthy of your money and your time. it is not often a film makes me so angry. stay away from this one!
it was ok....but the guys could've been hotter...i understand the low budget...stuff like that happens, but the voices didnt match. the mothers voice didnt seem real at all. it sounded like it was from a child. no way would an older woman's voice sounds like that. i like it how devon's character has to understand his new and emerging feelings, and realize that he's not the only one that feels that way. it's nice to know that his soon to be ex-girlfriend is the understanding type. she's even involved in the end when it comes to uncovering the truth about devon's step-dad. that's a true friend. .i felt so bad seeing brian in such a bad shape when devon rescued him after he was beaten up. i was gonna cry. he said that he was raped and that's just one topic that always gets me. my heart just goes out to the victim. i'm glad that earlier in the movie he becomes willing to share his feelings more with devon, and actually calls him back after they get into their first fight. brian cried once he hung up the phone and that always shows a more sensitive part of the man and that's such a turn on for me. .good movie...i've seen better when it comes to acting, but it was still good. i'm glad that i bought it, but would've liked to have seen more of the devon and brian relationship. oh well. good job. b
make it stop.... please......!!!!.uhmm....yah... this is a low budget "film", but low budget doesnt mean it has to suck.  i've seen tons of low budget films that were absolutely beautiful pieces of art.  it's impossible to even figure out where to start in reviewing sideline secrets; for even untrained actors this is bad, it seemed that the voices were completely dubbed like in an old japanese movie, and i think i even saw someone moving in the background in the supposedly tense office scene when there wasn't supposed to be someone in the backgroung.  i will give whomever a tiny bit of credit though for turning a livingroom  a garage into what was supposed to be a club - and at the end of the home movie, i was pleasantly surprised to see the gogo dancer was actually attractive (quite so too!) as opposed to the rest of the young cast in this trying ever-so-hard to be a soft-core porn\thriller.  in all seriousness, this thing gave me a horrible migraine.  if you are stupid enough to actually buy this (thankfully my roommate rented it) invest in either a bottle of advil or a sledge hammer - you'll want to use both on your head after the first 20 mins...
pitiful.i saw this at a friends house--so thank god i didn't pay any money to see this bit of idiocy.  i can only assume any good review you read was written by someone with a financial stake in the film!  the guys are not hot...not even lukewarm for that matter.  the acting is terrible.  please...anyone who had anything to do with this, don't continue in the film industry.  if it was possible to assign negative stars, i would do so for this awful experience.  run away
good acting, but i just couldn't help being bored.this 1991 film was directed by sean penn.  and, after watching it, i'm not sure if he has any talent as a director.  he had a pretty good team of actors to work with and a good story, but the film seemed too long, too contrived and never tugged at my emotion. ..set in the early 1970s, this is the story of two brothers in a small midwest town.  david morse is a police officer.  he's happily married to valeria golino and they have a baby.  viggo mortensen is cast as the other brother, just home from vietnam and a real troublemaker.  patricia arquette is cast as his girlfriend.  there's a lot of time spent in developing the characters of these two brothers.  too much time if you ask me.  i didn't need to see scene after scene after scene depicting this.  the story moves slowly and has an inevitable conclusion.  i just couldn't help being bored. ..exactly why it is titled "the indian runner" is never clear.  we see an opening scene in which an indian kills a deer.  before the deer dies, the indian sucks in some of the deer's dying breath.  that's a very interesting concept.  but it didn't seem to have anything at all to do with this story
trite, predictable, simplistic....overall a disappointment.as you can tell by the header, i was disappointed by this movie. since kurt russell plays the lead, i should not have been surprised, because the parts he plays are generally rather predictable and simplistic (tango  cash, snake plisskin, etc). i just don't picture kurt as lead actor in a gritty, realistic drama...but, eternally the optimist, i hoped that this might be the exception. it wasn't...the story involves two la detectives, one a grizzled and thoroughly corrupt veteran (russell) and the other a somewhat principled but weak-willed and easily manipulated rookie, bobby keough (scott speedman). russell's character (eldon perry) is controlled and protected by an exceedingly corrupt superior officer, jack van meter (nicely played by brendan gleeson), who uses perry to further his profitable and flagrantly illegal interests. ..if you have ever watched "the shield" on fx cable network then you will be familiar with this general setup....a morally ambiguous detective is used to further his superior's agenda.....but here is the problem: the shield (a television series) is vastly superior in every way: plot, acting, characterization, dialog, direction, etc. to this feature film. it is like comparing filet mignon to cheap hamburger. once you see a quality, nuanced drama like the shield, this movie and all like it are rendered unwatchable. ..characters in dark blue are caricatures with almost no depth. they guzzle whiskey and laugh about their flagrant crimes. the plot and dialog are contrived and unrealistic. there is no subtlety....no intellectually stimulating complexity. eldon always does exactly as he is told: if mass-murdering thugs (employed and protected by his superior) are to be sheltered from arrest, simply go out and murder a couple of stray ex-cons and let them take the rap (posthumously) for the real criminals. never mind that neither of the ex-cons is even close to being a plausible suspect. no one would be fooled by this ruse, except perhaps in this mindless movie. ..eldon gets his partner keough to perform one of the cold-blooded murders ordered by van meter, and thus begins their downfall, because keough has a spontaneous change of heart and suddenly cannot accept the guilt of his actions. one minute he is guzzling whiskey with his cronies and laughing about lying to a shooting review board, and the next he is overwrought with guilt. not at all likely in real life, but it suits the plot. ..things gets even sillier when the partner (speedman) then teams up with the assistant chief's (ving rhames) predictably beautiful ex-mistress (michael michelle) to try to arrest the real thugs and use them to bring down the whole perverted mess. heaven forbid that he simply come forth and provide evidence to accomplish this end. what follows is a lengthy, confused, and poorly choreographed pursuit of the thugs and a predictable gun battle with equally predictable outcome. ..the ultimate farce, however, is reserved for eldon himself, who drives around south central los angeles during the peak of the rodney king riots trying to find and arrest a black suspect....which he easily accomplishes....and then drives away without a scratch. this reaches the level of surrealistic absurdity and is an insult to the true horror of the riots...equally unconvincing is eldon's spontaneous change of heart at the end of the movie, during his promotion ceremony (such irony), when he delivers a rambling, preposterous and unconvincing indictment of his father, himself, and his evil superior....which is simplistically and immediately accepted (in true movie fashion) by all who hear it, and who then immediately jump to arrest and condemn the naughty superior. this is silly, implausible, and an insult to any viewer above the age (and maturity) of a 10-year old. jump up at your next promotion ceremony and deliver a rambling condemnation of your superior and see what happens. this type of naive nonsense occurs in only one place: the movies....bad ones. ..if you were thrilled by tango  cash, and thought snake plissken was a brilliantly-portrayed anti-hero, then by all means hit the "buy it now" button for this dvd. but, if you want complexity, subtlety, realism, plausibility, and infinitely superior acting, plot, characterization, and direction....do yourself a huge favor and use your money to either subscribe to fx on cable, or buy/rent dvd's of the shield series....filet mignon is always better than cheap hamburger
dreadful movie from the big hair 80s.a dreadful movie depicting men as macho s#$! and women as tarts.  this was made in an era when people wore revolting tight stretch denims and hung out in pool halls and bars.  it was also made to capitalise on the popularity of patrick swayze who had just appeared in the over-rated 80's teen musical "dirty dancing". ..a very pointless movie is "roadhouse".  it does not deserve a bare bones dvd release let alone this new special edition.  is there really a market out there for rubbish like this, or am i the only one with taste in movies
one of the worst movies i have ever seen.saw this on the box last night. i sat through the whole thing just to see if it would improve - it didn't. i kept wondering whether this was a radio play that someone had decided to film. the dialogue is wooden, the plot is pathetic, the whole set-up is unconvincing. it looks like something the actors did in a couple of days due to contractual obligations of some sort or maybe to cash in on the whole quot;vegasquot; craze - which ranges from csi to quot;the coolerquot;. (incidentally, quot;the coolerquot; is another one to avoid.). i would give this zero stars if i could
hard to stay awake....don't get me wrong here.  i am a fan of anderson's work in general, especially boogie nights and punch-drunk love.  but i just could handle hard eight.  usually anderson's slower pace is a welcome change for me as i really enjoy character driven dramas.  the acting was pretty good, but i just thought the script lacked anything of interest.  maybe next time, but i can't recommend actually buying this one unless you want a complete anderson collection
pretty but dull.this one looks like a good idea and the film is pretty to watch but the story is bloody and confusing. i had no idea what was going on and after about 30 mins i really didn't care. it was a blood bath in a horrible future city that had no point at all. the cgi was cheap looking but mixing it with live actors was a nice touch. if the plot were better it would be a film worth watching
an incoherent mess.this is a wreck of a movie. ..the plot is completely incoherent, even on repeated viewings, and apparently the same holds true for people who are already familiar with the material, from looking at what some of the other reviewers had to say...i was not familiar with the backstory, which made it an even more confusing experience for me. i don't know how any reviewer could possibly praise this movie, because movies are first and foremost entertainment, and the film makers couldn't even string together anything remotely resembling a narrative. as others have said, there are scores of dead ends, if the characters have motivations there's no effort to explain them to us, and some of the acting is so bad it borders on the painful...i bought this movie because a formerly trusted reviewer wrote that it had some flaws but would be a fun experience for sci fi fans. nothing could be further from the truth, i will never trust that reviewer again, and i would advise the fanboys to stop hyping this movie. even most bad films have some redeeming qualities that make them worth watching. this one does not -- it's a complete, utter waste of money, and i wish i could demand the film makers give me a refund.
visually interesting but empty calories.note that the movie contains human actors and the majority of the cast are computer animated characters.  i can only assume this was done to save on union fees to actors and make up.  its a pretty moview with lots of potential.  unfortunately we don't know why horus is goign to be killed by the gods, we don't ever know who or what john is or where jill came from.  you get left with a lot of dead ends which is a bit disappointing considering the potential that was her
unfinished.the film looks unfinished. the animations are uncompleted and the film struggles to hold a story running...however; it has some interesting sci-fi features which makes the film worth watching... if you are a sci-fi fan with waaay to much spare time; that is
pretty, but vacant..immortel (ad vitam) (enki bilal, 2004)..while i was not overly impressed with bilal's nikopol trilogy on the page, i figured a film made out of it could be a pretty fun ride, and with bilal himself at the helm, i had high hopes for it. most of them, unfortunately, were dashed in the first few minutes...the one thing everyone agrees on is that the film looks quite nice. and it does-- some of the cgi faces are so realistic they put me in mind of the best scenes in the final fantasy film. and the integration of actual actors and cgi characters is often seamless. the "sets," though, are second-rate bladerunner wannabes. there was a lot of potential in them, and most of it was wasted...the acting, even when delivered by some pretty high-powered acting talent (charlotte rampling, for example), is atrocious. the two main actors, linda hardy (who, aside from this, has yet to land a major role) and thomas kretschmann (soon to be seen  in the film adaptation of the celestine prophecy) are both wooden. rampling injects a touch of vivacity into her role now and then, but it's not nearly enough...the plot is... well, i can definitively say there is a plot. and that it is, in fact, connected to the nikopol trilogy in some way. but when you don't meet the character of nikopol until half an hour into a hundred-minute film, that should tip you off that things aren't staying completely faithful to the book. there are scenes you'll recognize, if you've read the nikopol trilogy, but i can tell you from experience: having read it does not make this movie any more lucid. in fact, it may add to the confusion...in short, aside from the visually appealing aspect, i can't find a single thing about this movie to recommend to, well, anyone.
why on earth is this so damn expensive ???.i repeat: why the hell is this being sold for such a ridiculous amount of money ??? if anyone ordered this from this seller for this amount...load a gun and end it now ......-chri
"o" please!!!!!!!.for me this movie is a painfull thing to watch. i wish that i could give this 0 stars. the infamous fake "o" scene kind of recked true intamacy for me. it may be true that women do this but it is one of the worst kind of lie imaginable. ..one of the truths for us guys is that when we are cuddiling with a woman we fanasise that we are with the first girl we fell in love with. ..just fyi.
not much for laughs and even less for plot.wedding crashers is the kinda film alot of people will love because it is stupid but alot of others like myself, won't enjoy. two womanizers fall in love, one because he finds out that his gf is not actually a virgin, like first off, what does virginity have to do with love?  second, who would actually believe that she was telling the truth when she said that she was a virgin?  then owen wilson's character fall in love with rachel's mcadams character and well, that's the usual predictable romance plot. the problem with this film is it's not that funny. it seems to think it's better then it is. i don't think i hardly laughed during this film. the part about the "supposive" gay guy like people think he is gay so therefore of course, because it's this kind of film, he ends up being gay and of course, he tries to hit on vince vaughn's character in a scene that is beyond creepy. lets just say that "gay" guy is prob one of the worst actors i've seen.  then we get a cameo from will ferrell, alot of people i know find this guy "so" funny. but i don't get it. it just wasn't funny to me. u know, i loved the classic, "american pie" that was just stupid for its own good but it delivered the goods to make it a great comedy! this film wasn't so much funny as stupid.  for the most part, i'm not going to remember this film in 5 years from now because it's just an average film
cool!!!.i remember seeing this film with my uncle of mine. i really didn't like the film to much. the film wasn't really like his other 80's films. the story line was really slow not much of an action movie. this movie was more like a "ladys soap opera" rather thin a action movie. imo..dont get me wrong there was acouple of parts in the film that were awesome but still the movie wasn't that good. i dont suggest picking up the dvd unless your a big collector on vanddame stuff
if you'll laugh at absolutely anything, then you may like this.this is your standard, generic, run-of-the mill comedy, with ben stiller doing his usual pratfalls etc. and jennifer anniston doing her best to look as unattractive as possible.  stiller marries some woman, they go to some tropical island for their honeymoon, he catches her having sex with some guy, and he goes back to new york depressed.  then he meets polly, and they have absolutely nothing in common.  they go through the usual problems (yawn), then at the end they sort of get together, i guess...if you'll laugh at absolutely anything, i mean, if you still find knock-knock jokes hilarious, then you may find this amusing.  truthfully, it's a lousy, unfunny script, these people have absolutely no comedic sense, and the pratfalls and slapstick shenanigans all fall pretty much flat.  there's nothing worse than watching a movie where you're sitting there thinking, "oh, that was supposed to be funny", and not laughing.  do you find it hilarious that a fat guy falls down on a freshly waxed floor, even though he obviously didn't slip or anything?  do you find it amusing when someone speaks in a really, really thick accent so you can barely understand him?  are you left in stitches when someone asks their looney best friend to do a serious business presentation for them, and they act like a complete loon?  i mean, come on.  this crap was old when they were doing it on the carol burnett show 30 years ago. ..anyhow, if you're completely satisfied just watching whatever lightweight, brainless fluff happens to be rolling across your television screen at any particular moment in time, then you'll probably be no more or less satisfied with this than anything else. it's probably better than reruns on the cooking channel, but only by the slimmest of margins
jennifer aniston saves the day....again!.along came polly is so silly and annoying but of course the lovely jennifer aniston makes this film almost worth while. i probably would have turned this movie off if it wasn't for her. aniston has charisma so even in a crummy movie like this one, she tries to make an awkward situation somewhat ok. ben stiller is another story, he always picks the same, stereotypical role. i guess stiller thinks he is not worth a decent part. oh well, along came polly will not send me on a second viewing anytime soon. i recommend the good girl or reality bites instead
ouch.well if you're expecting any kind of something about mary/meet the parents quality comedy, it aint here. stiller and aniston appear in this although i would like to think when they read the script (if they did?) they rejected it and were then offered more money than they could turn down.  maybe stiller has turned into another adam sandler thinking that him just being in the movie makes it a quality comedy, i hope not. another animal oriented automatic laugh  producer falls flat with this time a ferret being the actor, which is an awful failure. did i mention the atrocious "salsa" dancing bits? the only decent bit is phillip seymor hoffman playing the sidekick to stiller that still doesnt make up for the rest of the generic comedy witnessed here. this one was obviously shot out of the meatgrinder too quickly and it shows......waste of talent for an hour and a half anyone? no, i thought not.
wish i could rate it a 0....i understand that some fans would like to see more of their loved characters (this series is one of the best as far as i'm concerned), and i can understand the need in filling in a gap especually if the show hasn't been aired in a while on tv: but i cannot understand anyone who buys this dvd for any reason...you do not need this dvd to "fill the gap in your collection." they did the same thing with chobits in episode 7, another damn recap. there's no point in watching it. the series is great, stick to the episodes both before and after this dvd. ..trust me, i know how tempting it is to either rent this episode, get it on netflix, or go out and buy it outright... but don't. you'll only be sorry. there are a myriad of reasons why the company made this dvd (posted elsewhere) but what's important is that it is a waste of time and money...great series (a+), this dvd = f.
buy this one last.ok, i like this series, buy honestly, it did not need four recap episodes in a row.  the naration doesn't give any new insightsor reveal anything about the plot.  if i had known that i would have bought this disk last, if at all
vol. 4 is extinct......what happened?  instead of continuing on with this fantastic series, the animators decided to use one whole dvd volume to recap all events up to this point.  did someone in the production team realize that the series was going to be one dvd short in filling up the box set  they decided to remedy that?..get vol. 4 only if you have short term memory issues or like looooooooong flashbacks.  otherwise skip to volume 5, you'll be glad you did
rent or borrow this only!!!.i was disappointed in this volume. in the first episode, tsume's recollection, it was practically the entire first episode replayed. i would have liked to see some more in-depth monologue (thoughts) around the emotional aspect of what the characters were going through as they recalled them. there was a little of this but it could have been much better thought out vol 4. i feel this was a missed opportunity for some indepth character development. the characters are so rich,it is a shame. the episode mantage (as i'll call these "recollections")i felt that was best put together was hige's. i wish they had new schenes or angels that were part of the recalled events,new sequences at the very least. this would have served the same intention (to summarize the story thus far) but would have added a deeper dimension to the characters. fortunatlly i rented this whole series before i decided to buy it.  i came across volume three first, thinking it was a stand alone movie. (i was in a hurry.)oh course i was completely lost. clearly this was the climax of the series. so i returned to begin from volume one. when i got to this volume i was shocked. i spead through it, partly fast forwarding. waiting for any thing new!  nothing but a piece of dialouge or two! what a waste! and at $18.00-40.00 volume, don't bother!  i'll only buy this if i find it in the greatly reduced bin for $5.00 or less!  thank you reviewers for your warnings!  bandai,why did you cheat us like this?!
if it looks and smells like...it probably is..signs that you are about to make a bad purchase.  1 star is the highest rating. i of course didn't read anything. i saw the show on cartoon network and immediately ran to best buy to purchase every dvd available in the series.  funny thing is, there was a gap in the display where volume 4 would've been.  i shuffled through the box covers and found a 4th different cover.  finding no other volumes i took to register took the dvds home, only to find out i had purchased volume 1,2,3,and 5???? watched 1-3 immediatley.  can't break continuity, must proceed to another store to buy volume  4. get to store and hmm...volume 4 recollections???? okay maybe they have 1 recap episode, it happens.  get home look at back of box.  this is the same description on volume 2???  and my soul was consumed as i broke the seal rendering the disc completely unreturnable and discovered the awful truth that this was a 4 episode recap of the previous 14 episodes.  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhh aaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrroooooooooooooooooooo  oww owww  aaaaaarrrrrrrroooooooooooooooooo.  release the hounds of hell on the ones responsible for this abomination.  the show is great. if you want to be cheap just buy this disc instead of the first three, though you will lose the soul of the story.  you have been forwarned
emminently skippable.add me to the folks who thought this would continue the storyline and were disappointed. there's really no reason to get this one unless you just want to own them all. all of the footage is cut from older episodes with a few extra bits of dialogue added. ..wish i'd checked for reviews before picking it up.
rip off.no new material, just a recap of things already seen.  a complete waste of money.  interestingly, the description on the back was exactly the same as vol.2 .  maybe they were trying to send a warning.  if you can find a way to get your money back, do so
rip-off remembrance.i know the title of this volume of wolf's rain is "recollections", but bandai has went a little overboard. i expect at least one or two episodes in an anime series to be a recap but here we have an entire dvd, 4 episodes of recycled material from past shows!!!! there is nothing new here. even the infamous last 2 episodes of evangelion didn't go so far as this and they were running out of money. what is the excuse here? to pay 20$ for an entire dvd of stuff i've already seen. it's almost like they were making one of those awful anime movies where an entire 26 episode series is squeezed into 2 hours. there should have been a warning on the dvd box that there is no new material contained in it. it makes me want to write to bandai and demand my money back. if you have been following wolf's rain since the first volume, definately skip this volume. you'll be wasting your money.  ..i would recommend miami guns episode 2, which parodies recap shows by having one after only one episode of the show.
dissapointed in this version of the secret garden.i discarded the dvd after watching it. if you do not want to have the impression of witchcraft in your home don't buy this version of the secret garden.
inferior to bbc version.this version of the secret garden should be titled "ms. burnett goes to hollywood".  it's overwrought and clichd.   if one has been raised on a steady diet of saturday morning cartoons, this film will appeal.  otherwise, get the bbc version.  while it was obviously made with a much lower budget, the bbc version is far more faithful to the original story, the actors have the correct regional accents, and it captures the magic much better.
south park:  the down years.definitely rated five stars if your under the age of ten. adults beware.  these guys have run out of ideas since the first season and are proceeding on the fumes from their fart jokes..i hope trey and parker make vast amounts of money to help pay for voice impersonation lessons..besides the smugness, i am tired of all the voices in south park sounding all too similar.
a decent film.definitely not a bad film, but  a masterpiece is different..the plot is non existant, even if it should be a real story.the music is good, disco mainly. the characters are alright. mike myers performs well, being the owner of the club, into drugs, socialit and gay sex. overall, you don't regret having spent 90 minutes watching it, but you don't think you will watch it again any time soon in the next 10 years
sweet homophobic alabama.hesitation over the title of this review was purely for consideration of people who might have taken offense at the use of homosexuality in the traditional role as a comedic device for dehumanizing people.  in this fantasy fashion designer barbie role play kit, we are presented with two suspect homosexuals, the flamboyant  black assistant fashion designer, and the quarry closet  homosexual who has to have his disorder pointed out to him, preferably in an embarrassing public denunciation.  barbie  has to  learn  the  need for her to  script  and  typecast sexuality around  her because she is the sensation (fem fatal) for persuasion predominant in the sphere of people around her.  a countrified fantasy fashion designer barbie killer instinct--role play kit.   and it is perhaps an interesting microcosm of analysis to vaguely note the teddy bear appeal assigned to the openly gay black character, artistic, talented and unflinching.  it is the idea that for women, gay men make the best friends, that i won't quote yet i seem to have heard it somewhere in the cultural media stream at some time in the past.  thus a possible depolarizing of "sexual prowess" is covertly used to adjust traditional racial stereotypes, (and that term is taken straight from multicultural theory).   further complicating the plight of the black male character in the film, is the civil war reinactment-buffooning in the presumably lingering prejudicial south, where no doubt the image of african americans as sexually iconoclastic, bandages wounded  white male libido traditionally injured by jibes of phallic innuendo.  surely considerate people everywhere are tired of this dredging up of unpleasant or bawdy associations; circumcision is perhaps the original anthrospecific-insult (precursor to sexual dysfunction then marital dysfunction and the whole syndrom of social ills that erode social fabric from its core) but anthropologically the film is enriched elsewhere.  ..irving's character jenny garp, feminist author, cites being made a "sexual suspect", clearly there are procedural tolls long since put in place to accustom these suspicions of men and women.  half asleep through the whole movie, i forget the witherspoon character's name, but she essentially indicts a suspect homosexual male at one point, out of an urge perhaps, to solidify a group cathartic that had pleasantly gone on over the life of the individual in that community as a dissatisfactory standard of humane and non-discriminatory practice.  barbie's tantrum must be a blood letting, her role is too prominent for softer and tactful, retiring or inhibited social display...she must be the "bell of the ball", the "queen bee" with attendant phalanxes of maidens, a sort of warrior aspect appreciated and encouraged in the feminine; whereas dominant female politicians  must stride more carefully to avoid becoming vilified on a masculine playing field.  there are no masculine defenders of the imasculine, no garps to befriend gay football players.  historic southern  racism is lampooned, only to be replaced with the sexism of preferential or select social stereotyping and discrimination based on repression spawned feminine outlets of gay labeling, a favorite innocuous quarry for young girls influenced by such movies.   it's a man's world, so go kick the "queers", it's perfectly safe.--is the message.  really it is just a comprehensive green light for offensive young women to go around tarring everybody with the gay label they don't particularly approve of--such sweethearts, somebody slap them.  the gay prompt has grown to such dimensions in the mass medias adverse stimulus conditioning we had to endure the whole "brokeback mountain" odyssey and cultural crisis.  something just keeps wanting to load it into everybody's heads...murphy brown is the elder role model for fashion  barbie, what its like to grow up, become a crochety, semi-retired blonde who has scaled political obstacles, become mayor, wear a suit, and combat the depreciation of appearing older than a plastic toy fresh from the hot injection  mold, while she dotes over the marital selection of her son. bergen is what happens to barbies when they grow old, a question that any would be barbie surely asks, once the question has been loaded for her through symbolism, because just as surely, the pretense of a "barbie" precludes higher order thinking skills, any anticipatory or empathic reflection--barbie being the conceited thing it is.  that conceit is no more abundantly clear when the quarry queer, a meek and unassuming character is viciously stereotyped, "why don't you just admit you're a homosexual!?"  why don't the movies just admit they're [....] mind control, written by apprentice flunkies who basically jerk-off the emotional susceptibility of innocent victims who paid money for maybe something more enlightening?..barbie has the decidedly impertinent and socially devastating master stroke saved for when after tremendous wedding preparation, long distance coordination with the big city, hundreds of people, relatives, costumes, food, etc. (a large diamond of course, conspicuously selected in a macabre scene with jewelry store ghouls (...full staff after midnight on overtime...right...only the very best for princess)--night of the living dead materialists in their empty catacombs of display cases), she changes her flighty little mind in the nick of time, and before a well timed downpour that punctuates her contempt for the wedding and the wedding party.  rese witherspoon needs these infant terrible outlets, her puckish and perky hypercriticality is what this [....] cesspool of a culture thrives on...or so it would be pawned off on us.  you won't like this next paragraph, oh great ones, but never assume all the munchkins where you pop in to do your do-do (make films)  are salivating and wringing their hands to come to greet you, kiss your shoes, or get your damn autograph...salt lake city must be summoned, like the great unwashed suddenly up for review by some nether world superiors alighting, to appear as extras  in the upcoming romp legally blonde ii, (radio ads november 22, 2002 call for the comely and college aged, dark suited political types, and young children).  sounds like the mothership giving instruction for disembarking, all who remain behind are condemned.   and don't you dare walk your walks where you live and cross paths with the film industry's eminent domain, the larger than life have minions of hounds carrying clipboards to accost all who stray into where the "magic is made", ogden utah's 25th street and set for the tv drama 'hardwood', or 'viagrawood' or whatever its name was.  the perception is: we are a needed, but despised adjunct to opulence, a rancid and rabble public chattel for them to cull and elect from our insignificance (they pretend to entertain and in fact constantly insult) one or two anointed surfs to stardom.   who wants to be the next american idol?  or, `the one'.  `..or thinks they can dance?'... `...or cook?'    i think its now a rancid (mostly citrus) entertainment media too.
weak film with a spectacularly bad ending.i notice that most of the amazon reviews of secret window have been written by fans of johnny depp, and that fact probably accounts for the higher than deserved ratings given to the film. while i have nothing against depp, and actually think he's pretty good value, his emotional range is fairly limited. he does quirky very well, and funny also pretty well. and that's about it. i can't remember the last role he played where he was forced to connect emotionally with another character - he almost invariably plays the loner. i'm quite prepared to be proved wrong about this, as i'm by no means a depp afficionado. but the films i have seen him in - edward scissorhands, sleepy hollow, pirates of the caribbean, charlie and the chocolate factory, fear and loathing in las vegas, blow - pretty much all fit into this category...having said that, secret window does not provide depp with much of a chance to show his range, as it is about as subtle and enlightening as something neither subtle nor enlightening. depp plays mort rainey, a successful author who has holed up in a cabin in the sleepy town of tachmore lake after a bitter separation and ongoing divorce from his wife amy (played by maria bello). one morning he is confronted by a sinister redneck, john shooter (john turturro), who accuses rainey of stealing his story and publishing it under another name - the "secret window" of the film's title. rainey attempts to prove that this allegation is untrue, but predictably finds himself unable to do so, as things start to go disastrously wrong. turturro's performance exudes malice, while bello is fine as the emotionally confused ex-wife. depp though, seems miscast. he portrays surface panic adequately, but genuine fear and paranoia are beyond him. however, i'm not sure any lead actor cast in this role could save what is a cliched and obvious thriller that provides very few thrills. the direction (by david koepp) is fairly leaden, and, as others have already stated, the twist is both ludicrous and horribly telegraphed.
seen it all before.these types of movies are becoming quite the trend in hollywood. fight club started it (which was an awesome movie). then the sixth sense (which was also pretty good). after that, it all went downhill. the brown bunny, the machinist, the others, hide  seek, etc. surprise endings with a twist, characters that don't exist that are only in the main characters imagination, daed characters that don't know they are dead. these movies are all about surprising the audience with the already overused plot twists. i predicted that john torturro's character was a figment of depp's imagination within the first 20-25 mins of the film. why would an actor of depp's status take part in a movie of this substance
so bad.awful...truly awful.  joanne sellar and daniel lupi (producers of boogie nights and hard eight) should be ashamed of themselves and so should the weinsteins for producing this piece of crap
the critics were terribly mistaken!!!.this movie lacked truly experienced actors in serious, and romantic roles.  sure chris and sandra have starred in romantic movies, but they are unoriginal, and just like the next.  chris o'donnell was the last person who should have been picked for the role of such a noteworthy and distinguished american author.  this movie puts ernest hemmingway to shame.  which is a complete disaster.  where was the build-up of true love?  this movie bounced from one scene to the next, without ever convincing me agnes and ernest were truly in love.  this movie did not deserve the accolades it received from the critics.  it has the potential to be excellent, if there were different actors in the roles of agnes and ernest.  it had the potential to be good if it hadn't been so "hollywood-ized."  if you're interested in ernest hemmingway's life, read "a farewell to arms."  it's far better
i couldn't have been more disappointed.spend your money on one of leary's performances, not this painfully unfunny waste of 90 minutes.  if you've ever watched a comedian struggle mightily to be funny and fail, you know the sort of discomfort i felt when watching these no-names flail on stage. it's telling that the only names of consequence--stewart and leary's cousin o'brien--literally phoned it in. a typically awkward detail: the director cuts away to keifer sutherland reaction shots maybe a dozen times, like he's the president at the lincoln center honors or something. it's utterly bizarre. leary deserved better. i spent the whole time wishing i were watching him do standup--instead of watching him watch his inferiors. his brief closing remarks are amusing enough, but it's too little too late.
exact bits leary stole from hicks.leary is a hack. he wasn't "influenced" by bill hicks, he stole material. that makes him a hack. how can you leary fans argue with the definition of the word hack? take it up with webster's dictionary. ..the exact bits leary stole are described in the book american scream on pages 201-202. bill hicks was incensed when he heard leary's tape. ..on behalf of bill's memory, give credit to the original.
disappointing.there are two things wrong with this dvd.  the first is that this program is a roast of a man who is known for his rants not bantor so the whole thing comes off flat because this is not the style of humor that leary or his friends are known for.  the funnies person turns out to be his priest.  second this is severely edited.  there is an unedited version of leary's rebutle in the special features and they cut all the good jokes from his rebutle out of the main program.  one can only assume that the rest of the program suffered the same fate (as the jokes are not good and do not flow).  also, the editor even cut out pieces of jokes from leary's rebutle.  this means that some jokes were missing the middle and made little sence in the main program.  if you like dennis, go get his dvd with a classic "no cure for cancer" and enjoy what he is good at, not what comedy central put together for him.
too much music, little story..early movie apperance by the lovely (but somewhat underwelming) laura harring sees her and cast of dancers performing numerious music numbers in this spanish musical that tells a story.  while the music and dance is impressive.  it sort of floods the story up too much, so that at the end,  you say "what was that about.?"  i guess it was supposed to be a romantic comed
censored...again! thanks for nothing, mike!.what is mike judge's problem?? this volume has also been censored, just like volume 1. is this what is meant by director's "cut"?! as already mentioned here, woodshop was butchered for no apparent reason. i'm not even going to watch the rest, as i have to expect other episodes to be censored also. it's a slap in the face for all the bb fans out there. these dvd sets were mike judge's and mtv's chance to reconcile with the fans for years of censorship on the show when it aired on mtv but they screwed them up again. shame on you miken judge and mtv
another director's cut?.woodshop - the boys sure as heck fire sawed up the teacher's chair, it was the last thing they sawed before beavis sawed his finger, however in this release, it has been omitted!  you can even see the chair on the floor in bits.....throughout the years of beavis they did have some strange modifications such as this on mtv, so this could be it, but everytime i've seen it, the chair was sawed.  they should have included all of the variations of the shows on the dvd, or at least the most common / longer variation!?!..these sets downright suck, and the fact that my daughter's favorite episode, closing time (where they toss food into the ceiling fan) and one of the funniest episodes, steamroller are no where to be found on them is more idiotic than the boys are, mr. judge you really are a dillweed.....i wish i could take a dvd recorder back to 1993 and record the entire series from the get go, because not having the music videos in between the action is not the same.  it is nice to have them without the videos for a quick laugh, but true fans appreciate them in their entirety
not very good..whoa!  i rented this movie, because i can remember seeing publicity photos and/or previews, of the tall actor, with his nose in some sort of bandage. i expected this to be some sort of screwball comedy, with physical comedy thrown in for good measure!..damn, i almost fell asleep.  i am like the review before me; except i was alone.  i kept looking around mouthing the words:  "is it me?  it's them, right?" as i gestured toward the convoluted conversations coming from my home viewing screen.  sorry, but watching two white guys discuss wine for 2+ achingly boring hours is not my idea of an award winning movie!  i guess the saving grace is seeing the asian woman, and imagining the "freaky" activities going on behind closed doors.  but what a schmuck that guy was, as it was the weekend before his wedding.  ..also, i didn't appreciate how there was no damn explanation of what these two goofballs were doing, driving across california, to various wineries.  what the hell was going on?  this is how some horny white guy spends his last weekend of freedom?  how about living a little, going to a strip club, or even taking in a broadway show?  but sitting in restaurants, and tasting booths?  nah ahh!  homie don't play that...and neither does mc white..mc white said: an extra star for the asian hottie.  other than that, two thumbs way down!!!..please note: it was this movie that caused this reviewer to go through his 300+ queue of on-line rental dvd movies, and delete all non -absolutely sure i want to watch them" stinkfest movies.  i'm not taking a chance on any movie again!  so glad i don't go to the theater anymore and pay outrageous ticket prices for this garbage!!
well, where do i begin?.being a novelist, i thought at the very least i might enjoy it from that perspective, but no. i was bored to tears. i watched this with my then partner, and we both looked at each other like, "what the heck is this about?" we made it about 3/4 of the way through when we finally turned it off and rented another movie on ppv instead. it was boring, tedious, and monotonous. i suppose it was trying to eclectic, but in my opinion, it failed miserably
whiny slackers poke reality with stick - reality bites back.reality bites seemed fresh when it was first released, giving voice to a generation - with the unfortunately derogative soubriquet of "x" - that was overeducated, underemployed, plagued by the flashy, trashy commercialism of mtv, and stunningly superficial in its wholehearted embrace of pop culture and rejection of serious moral or philosophical discourse it might have stumbled across in college.  ..it was a good start because transitioning from the idyllic and unreal world of college to the crass, cruel arena of materialism can be tough, providing limitless opportunities for challenge and personal growth - the very stuff of real movies.  instead we have a swan dive into a pizza hut commercial held together by a plot so shop-worn it would have been considered exhausted in 1930...winona ryder is winning as lelaina, but one can only imagine the sats of football players at a college where she is valedictorian.  her "documentary" is appallingly narcissistic, reflecting the characteristic gen x notion that - "if it's about me, it's art, and it's important."  ethan hawke does an excellent job as troy, the very archetype of self-satisfied, supercilious entitlement.  we are expected to root for him, but it's hard to refrain from hoping he gets hit by a bus...stiller, who directed - a talented fellow almost impossible to look at - plays michael, the "anti-troy."  smooth, successful, and very much plugged into the contemporary franchising of gen x culture - if culture is the right word - he's an executive at an mtv-ish corporation.  that he improves lelaina's preposterous "documentary," rather than destroying its alleged artistic integrity, is the film's dirty little secret...viewers surprised by who wins lelaina's hand will also be stunned to learn that professional wrestling is fixed and liberace was gay.  indeed, when you strip away the thin veneer of pop culture references this is really a very traditional movie.  janeane garofalo is outstanding as always, and john mahoney shines as the tv morning chat show host who looks sweet and avuncular on camera but is in fact, a bastard.  his performance says more about the likelihood of finding anything even remotely resembling reality in film - or on tv - than the rest of this film put together...in fact, reality is great, this picture would have benefited from some
definitive portrayal of generation x (for what that's worth).many reviewers and critics said it best...what do you do when the "hero" of the film (ethan hawke) is a complete a---hole, winona ryder is a horrid documentarian that would give ed wood, jr. a run for his money, and stiller, who is supposed to be the bad guy, actually isn't that bad of a human being?  and winona's friends are the smarmy, arrogant, generation x punks who think they know everything (when the reality is (forgive the pun) they don't know jack).  past generations would quote tolstoy and shakespeare, generation x quotes tv commercials, scooby doo cartoons, star wars, and bad sitcoms.  generation x is probably the most insincere generation ever, detaching themselves and calling themselves "ironic", when all they really do is indulge in pretentious pseudo-intellectualism.   is this film an accurate portrayal of them?  yes, in some ways.  is the film worth watching?  yeah, at least once.  stiller gives a decent performance, it's nicely shot, and garofalo actually almost gives her slacker character depth.  this is probably due to the fact that garofalo actually has some substance herself, as opposed to the character she plays..check it out more as an artifact of its time more than a cool film.
brilliant actings, predictable story!.i've seen ethan hawk's best performance ever in this movie. it was great. wiona ryder and other actors were great too but it was not even a memorable movie. it has a predictable sipmle story that made no sense at least for me. maybe i'm not right but in my opinion, this movie does not worth to buy. does not even worth to rent. but gh the movie itself does not worth anything but it's soundtrack issome channels may show it occasionally. it's worth to be watch once at tv!.by the way, i forgot to mention that this movie has a great cd soundtrack, really great. worth to buy
indeed, reality bites.if this is the generation i am supposed to belong to, i want to disown it.  ben stiller's directorial debut centers on four friends recently graduated from collage, and are now trying to find their way in the world.  the movies messege is that we are a lost generation, but that is not are parent's fault (where this movie tries to lay the blame).  the kids in this movie are just lazy, more or less.  and they spend their free time trying to make meaning out of their lives.  indeed, troy (ethan hawke) even tries to ratinalize stealing a candy bar by saying society ows him.  winona ryder plays waify lelina, who makes a documentry out of recorded footage she has of her friends.  one day she meets michael (ben stiller) who is their age but has made a good career out of the tv industry.  ethan hates him for his honest approach to life, and so the battle for lelina's love begins.  i really wasn't too impressed with this movie, it just made it seem like my peers are just wallowing in self pity for the sake of being the cool, tortured artist; when they should get off the couch and go get a job
this film sucks.two guys at a college prep school make wagers on seducing naive young girls, and then meet their match when they agree to see which one can seduce the most popular and devious girl who has her own agenda to everything. i think this film is really sucks but i loved cruel intentions 1 and ci2 but this film sucked
soooooo bad !!!!!.yesterday, i was in a dvd store when i ran into this. as i had enjoyed the first movie quite a lot (and despite the second one which was awful) i decided to buy cruel intentions 3. back home, i sat on my coach and started to watch... after 5 minutes, i was already wondering why on earth i had spent money on such rubbish..this movie has nothing in common with the first one or the second one. it's the story of katherine merteuil's cousin, cassidy (which doesn't have the class of katherine and dresses more like a hooker), and of a friend of hers, jason (played by kerr smith, seen in dawson's creek). bye bye the luxurious mansions and appartments in new york and the picnics in central park... the story is here set in california, under the palm trees. the characters are sticky, insipid and unclassy. the movie goes in every direction. there are no surprises at all, everything is clear from the beginning..it's the very first time i'm so disapointed by a dvd i buy (and i have quite a lot...)..do not buy this ! it's worth nothing !!!!
its just ....ok.the first "cruel intentions" was highly underrated. there was a strong chemistry within the cast (obviously since reese  ryan married!) and the characters weren't one dimensional. even evil kathryn was capable of pain that sarah michelle gellar managed to convey in brief moments which was perfect for that character. but cassidy for ci3 falls way short of being three dimensional. she's just cruel for the whole film and showed no weakness. everyone has a weakness. however, i will say that the character patrick somewhat intrigued me. he went beyond the game of cruelty and ...well, i won't give away what happens, but i was very disturbed by it. as for kerr, he was alright. its not his fault his character was kind of dull. anyway, the film is "ok". its worth watching if you run into it on cable, but i wouldn't buy the movie.
why pay more for less?.i'm puzzled as to why anyone should pay $59.39 for these three dvds that currently retail on amazon for $11.24 (signs), $14.99 (unbreakable), and $26.99 (sixth sense*) totaling $53.22?  ..*there is also a less expenseive "collector's version" of the sixth sense that only costs $14.99 if you'd rather not pay the $12.00 for the "vista series" extras...i'm also skeptical as to whether the version of unbreakable sold here has as much content as the vista series edition sold seperately that contains 2 discs (i assume this edition does not because this box set only includes 3 discs, 1 per movie).  ..i love the movies, but where's the price break on buying them all together when the package is $6.17-$18.17 more than purchasing these dvd's seperately???
poor quality piece, but....i was extremely disappointed with this dvd, in both content and quality. . .i expected a wider range of archival video footage from his preformances and some selections are in fact taken from same performances.  fourteen live performace songs is an extreme understatement of his ability to capture his audiences, be it for a television broadcast or live concert.  the anthology is padded with distracting talking head video footage taken from the documentary and the fades between frames were less then desired...but....the "bonus" documentary was redeeming.  "half mile a day" is definitely the stronger half of this dvd; perhaps the documentary should in fact be the primary material with the anthology being the "bonus" selection...i ranked this dvd at two stars because i purchased it for the performance footage and not the documentary
sorry tom.......i'm giving this movie two stars because of the supporting actors, and, the book from which the movie is taken.  i believe those are what the rest of the reviews are truely applauding without realizing it...tom hanks is a wonderful actor, and, seems like a nice guy, but, he needs to figure out what movies he is 'right' for, and, which ones he should turn down.  ..tom, tom .... that accent...ouch!  sounds like you never tried actually talking to someone from alabama.  if you really did...well, honeychil', accents just aren't your thing - don't do no more of 'em!..they should have asked an english actor - they do spot on southern accents.  maybe, it's time for a re-make with jude law.  forrest was not a handsome man in the book, but, apparently, that doesn't transfer to the screen, so, get a hottie who can do an accent.  tom's just makes my ears ache!
deja vu all over again.the fuss over forrest gump still amazes me. this movie basically rips off better movies in almost every scene. still somehow it managed to win best picture over pulp fiction and the shawshank redemption in 1994. out of all of the movies that were released 1n 94 this one wouldnt even make my top 20. nobodys fool, quiz show, the lion king, and the list goes on. the only reason that i would give it props is for(at the time) was the special effects, which now are dated. after gump zemekis directed a episode of tales from the crypt where he used the same technology and was easiest the worst episode of that year. i used to be a huge zemekis fan. used cars, romancing the stone, back to the furture movies and death becomes her were i thought were strong movies. but arounf back to the future 2  i thought zemekis started to rely to much on special effects and it shows on this film. to the objective viewer re-watch this film and think about every scene and try to remember where you have seen that scene before. i guarantee you after you do that you will see this movie in a totally different light
forest gump.this is one of,i feel,the best films tom hanks has made over the years.
what a soundtrack. too bad the movie couldn't keep up..this movie is one of cinema history's seminal examples of a soundtrack carrying a movie to success. "saturday night fever" from a few years before is another example, but that movie could actually stand on its own. jennifer beales' torn neck sweater and table dancing routine aside, i don't think this one could...i understand this movie is near and dear to the hearts of a lot of 80's children, and i will agree this is one of the all-time great soundtracks of cinema. the problem is, the movie's plot is a slow-moving, wasted opportunity...physically, beales is sexy enough to keep your attention, and her portrayal of working-class girl in a man's job striving to express herself was a pretty novel idea when this movie was made. but her unsympathetic personality and mediocre acting undermine her character. come to think of it, the acting all around is a bit weak...but that's not the problem. the movie suffers from two fatal let-downs. the first is the plot itself. feminism-affirming depictions aside, it's pretty simplistic, unimaginative stuff, even for a dance movie. what's worse is how slow it all moves. the drama sequences in-between dances drag on, straining your patience and sympathy for the character's plights...the other more tragic flaw, since it is a movie about dance, is the cinematography. while it's certainly not the worst cinematography ever, (check out "the limey" next time you want a headache.) the dance sequences look like they've been salvaged from scraps on the cutting room floor. we're supposed to be moved by beales' character's natural talent, but for most of the movie we never get to see her do much except walk and pose in a crazy mashup of bad edits. by the time the final dance scene finally comes along, the drama of her audition performance is ruined by drawn-out, bad editing. it almost seems the judges let her into juliard simply because she was able to stay in the air for longer than a minute...perhaps i'm a purist for asking for good dancing onscreen to consist of more than rapid-fire editing. but if it's a movie about dancing, one would think the least they could do is show dancing. many movies before and after flashdance managed to get this right ("saturday night fever" certainly did, to its great success), but maybe nobody told this movie's director. it's a shame
hindsight is 20/20.believe it or not, i actually wanted to watch this movie.  i've seen almost everything else adrian lyne has done and respect his shallow talent enough to be interested in his early efforts...(i watched _jacob's ladder_ because i remembered an intriguing preview on a vhs cassette i watched as a kid and learning that it was a significant influence on _silent hill_ sealed the deal; my girlfriend owns a copy of lyne's version of _lolita_; _fatal attraction_ was a girlfriend induced rental; i watched the tv version of _indecent proposal_; i haven't seen _9 1/2 weeks_ but i read the book.) ..flashdance is also one of those pieces of pop culture that are so influential that you recognize references even if you've never seen it.  and i always wanted to hear the song "maniac" in its original context, so when i found it on an acquaintances shelf i popped it in...so, how was it?..not too bad.  not great by any means, or even really that good (_lolita_ and _jacob's ladder_ are both quite good) but interesting enough to keep me awake after a long day of work.  the plot is a by-the-book "believe in your dreams" story with really lame dialog, but its development is intercut with extended dancing sequences that are so long and frequent that at times it felt like i was watching an abstract silent film.  i don't know squat about dancing, but the choreography seemed innovative, at least for its time...i can't even remember the names of the characters, but all in all, i have to admit that it was kind of neat...also, if you watch it with the subsequent 20+ years of movies in mind, _flashdance_ can be seen as sort of an omen of all bad things to come from hollywood:  it's a movie by a director whose only previous experience was in music videos and commercials, one whose screenplay was an early effort by hack joe esterhasz and was produced by jerry bruckheimer!  taken collectively these elements are probably responsible for about 60% of all crap movies made since
neat computer hacking, but the plot was weak....being somewhat of a computer geek myself i could relate to the characters dealing with all of the network stuff and obstacles they faced trying to break into the banks systems.  this was actually pretty well done and did not require any leap of faith as they really had to work hard to pull it off.  this part was well thought out and i enjoyed it...the problem is with the family/hostage situation.  it just wasnt as suspenseful as it needed to be and there was no sense of panic. maybe i was looking for a little more emotion or anguish from the family. they were just too matter of fact for me.  plus, when harrison ford and his "buddy" were perusing through the bank it just seemed a little weak that security wasnt tighter at this time.  i mean... even being head of security you would expect any visitors he brings would have to be very well checked out seeing as they can do just about anything they want once in these rooms. i know its a movie and we always have to allow a little leeway with things...but this sort of killed it for me...overall, its not a bad film but it is certainly not must see material. grab it for a rental at the most. however, you could skip it and your life would still be about the same.
this filmis shot too too dark.i love ford harrison movies and this is not a bad story but the film is shot in such dark showdy lighthing by the cinematographer that it is unwatchable that it ruins the film and all the acting, directing and writing in it.
dull and idiotic.besides pretty much knowing the ending shortly after the beginning, the movie is just dumb. the characters for the most part are flat, the twists are unbelievable, and everything in the story lacks any reality. the incredibly high tech bank is run on a rack of pc equipment, but somehow is now run remotely and all of the maintenance terminals are missing. as if the full rack of gear needs some green screens in order to work. sorry. then of course the hackers need to do a home invasion in order to get physical access to the system. hmm. and then they take several days, only to stumble when the maintenance terminals are missing. so, in a flash of brilliance harrison ford rips out the scanning bar from an all in one printer and plugs it into an ipod. and then tapes it to the screen so that they can capture the screen output. because everyone knows most people like to watch numbers scroll on the screen and there is no such thing as cat or pipes. but, if you believe you can pull some stuff out of a printer and click it into your ipod and suddenly have a portable text capture device, well i guess the rest of it makes sense. but then, the wireless video cameras all had fisheye lenses. which makes sense because there is a wireless toy car that takes all of them out temporarily, since it obviously uses the same frequency. which we know because in the beginning of the movie it causes huge interference on a computer screen. since after all, most computer screens connect to the pcs using a wireless transmitter. that cable you plug in the back is really just an antenna. and you will believe that only bad guys get hurt when automatic weapons spray buildings and older computer guys can beat the crud out of younger armed psychopathic criminals with british accents. and that there is great wireless coverage throughout the empty areas of washington state, so that you can drive in a car with your laptop and have constant internet access. ..so, what was there to like in the movie? hmm. it was consistent. nothing made much sense from the start to the end. oh, and one of the computer guys looked like he actually could be a computer guy. but of course he was killed for being nice. or in the way. or whatever...watch bladerunner for the 15th time instead.
ughhh!!! shave them 'pits kate. they be stinkin'!!!.movie was fairly boring.beckinsale is also pretty dumb.what kinda actress doesn't shave her armpits when she knows she has to do a nude scene.a total turnoff!!
the book is fascinating; the movie fails it..i'm a retired attorney. i enjoy crime novels and the movies that bring them to us visually. however, this movie simply is a pain to watch, if one enjoyed the drama of the book. the book "blood work" is very detailed and the solution to the "who done it" is very well hidden. i won't bore you with details but if you want to know how the movie compares with the novel, read the review by "km southern" dated oct 19, 2004, that is available below. she is right on. the movie has so many flaws that even without having read the book upon which it purports to be based, it is a poor choice
clint! button that shirt up right now!.it's good to see that in his twilight years, old squinty eyes, clint eastwood is growing comfortable playing grouchy old dudes, because, well, he is a grouchy old dude. this movie is anemic from the beginning. taken from a wonderful novel by michael connelly, clint plays an old grouchy dude who's just gotten a new ticker because his last one gave out while chasing a serial killer. run, run, run, thud. next, new ticker intact, clint is hired to find the murderer of a cute black woman by her sister, another cute black woman. oh, and cbw#2 plays the guilt card on clint, because he's got his new ticker courtesy of cbw#1. so there's a little bit of investigative work, a little but of huffin' and a puffin', and finally clint discovers who the serial killer is who was responsible for his first ticker giving out and the murder of the donor of his second ticker. jeff daniels plays a doofus that lives next door to clint. what a stretch. special warning: clint takes off his shirt yet again in this film as he smooches on cbw#2. it must be in his contract or something. no one, and i mean, no one wants to see saggy clint with his shirt off. for a much, much better clint movie, go rent "unforgiven"
a waste of time.this movie may look interesting, but it is incoherent and trivial. not really worth watching
look grandpa, it's a mainstream b movie.......this movie is almost like evil dead meets ever after and van helsing, while sleep hollow provides the backdrop.  this movie is like a mainstream b movie.  there were times i found myself laughing out loud at how cheesy or genuinely funny the movie was.   i would say matt damon and heath ledger didn't do a bad job acting, however both of their performances aren't anything to get excited about either...it is worth watching this movie just to see some of the set design and some of the special effects. but there are other movies in this department that deliver in a much better fashion.  i don't think this movie did very well in the box office and i think i have a theory.  this movie was promoted with a pg-13 rating, which means anyone who is over 13 or with someone as old as 13 can see this movie.  well some of the graphic violence in this movie was crazy.  i can see a parent not wanting their under 13 year old to see this violence, and an adult might wanting more graphic violence.   i don't know, i felt this movie was pretty brutal for a "light-hearted fantasy adventure".  come on man, let's be honest with the viewers of america, this movie was morbid.  i can list some moments:...1) a man is shot in the back of the neck and there is plenty of blood.2) a child looses his eyeballs via mud.3) spider webs come out of a horses' mouth and eat a child .4) a woman's face cracks and the decay of death is reveled under her skin.5) a man is lanced with a broken flag pole.6) several decapitated heads.7) a kitten is killed by a huge fan.8) horses are lit on fire..now the violence didn't bother me, a movie is a movie.  i just find it so interesting that there is such tightness around movie ratings.  for instance, the f bomb automatically makes a movie rated r.  however the former elements are put into a movie combined with a spooky-fantasy aspect and it is a family film.  oh well i suppose this is why i never made it in the movie business.
not the worst movie i've ever seen..but close...i was stuck in a snow storm in the mountains of eastern california and was able to get to a movie store.  bad choice.  i liked shovelling snow quite a bit better actually
awful, incoherent mess..this movie's only redeeming quality is the visual effects... as an artist, i have to admire their efforts. but other than that, the movie is just unwatchably bad...there just isn't a coherent plot. the movie jumps from place to place, throwing in random events that leave you staring in confusion at the screen. every time you think the story has settled down from its bizarre wandering, another case of poor editing shows up to shatter that illusion...add in bad acting, awful "humor", and you'll be looking at your clock wondering how much more you have to sit through
comedy central, listen up.patton oswalt is funny and my two stars is not because of his performance. it's because of comedy central mangling the dvd version...the show was originally broadcast on comedy central, and as such it was cut down to about 40 minutes so it could fill a one-hour time slot with commercials. ..the dvd has the original show, and then in the bonus section, it has "deleted scenes," which are the parts of the full-length concert that were cut for time. ..so, you can watch the time-edited show, or you can watch the out-of-context segments that were taken out. but what you can't do, and what i have to think any chimpanzee able to use sign language would know you would want to do, is see the original full-length show in its entirety...so, cheers for patton, boos for cc. i won't be buying the dvd and that's why.
absolutely horrible.i watch a lot of stand-up comedy and this by far has to be one of the worst i've ever seen.  the jokes are all old and stale.  .oswalt opens with a few lines about midgets.  at this point, while these jokes weren't particularly hilarious, the show looked to have promise.  it was all down hill from there.  .he jokes about president bush, and for as much as i can't stand bush, hasn't it been overdone by now (or politics in general for that matter)?  and then there's the baby jokes, which even though cliche', are usually still a bit funny.  however, this guy manages to make them not-so..i know i've seen oswalt somewhere in the past before and it wasn't this terrible.  however, this performace will be burned forever into my mind as a comedy atrocity
worthwhile.as slasher flicks go, this one wasn't that bad. the only obvious negative is the killer/creature. it too closely resembled swamp thing and the outfit was too silly. but the story was good and entertaining.the acting was professional. the sheriff was a characature. how did all of the killer's victims disturb the land? why was he killing everyone and why did he not kill the young lady at the end. the actual murders were a bit overdone. gore does not necessarily equal quality storytelling. there is something missing to the plot. the relationship between the blossoming teens did not develop enough before he became hamburger helper. this movie was worth what i paid for it, but not much more
so bad i threw it away.this movie is true garbage.  it made no sense, had no real plot, did not offer any clever deaths or humor, or gratuitous skin.  the ending leaves you feeling stupid for having watched it all the way      to the end.  i had to wake myself up 3 times during this movie, i wish i had just stayed asleep.  the horror, the horror.  actually, the sheriff was kind of wierd and creepy because you knew he was not acting (there was no acting) and you worry that someone like that is walking around out there.  i think the people who liked this movie are trying to sell their used copies that are good for landfill only.  .basically, the plot was about to make some headway at the end, but then they ran out of money or maybe their 486 computer they were using to edit it died.  or maybe they got bored and walked off the set.  becuase their was no explanation of who killed everyone, and everyone except the innocent girl was dead.  it had a chainsaw killing and lots of scythe beheading, but i just could  not care.  if i could give this movie negative stars i would, but 1 star is the lowest.
the film deserves no credit. disney thinks that people are too stupid to read the great stories that they changed..i am so mad at disney and their movie "hercules" because they changed the film just because they think they will get away with changing stories. i like greek mythology, but the movies have not been good at all. and this weak effort is not going to do anything about it. the plot has been changed completly, pegasus is never mentioned in the real version, he is not trying to impress people, he had no trainer, the lion and the lion skin is not mentioned, the hydra fight is because of a different reason, ugly characters, hercules was never in love with a chick, hades is not a bad guy but he is not good either, and all kinds of things that i won't mention. ..don't buy this movie because it is completly different, why don't you read greek mythology instead of watching this
bee boop, boring!- not for cardio lovers.searching through the amazon firm dvd's, lo and behold! new ones! i was very excited to get this. once the dvd arrived, i rushed to play it. it started with a "boogie/hip hop" kind of warm-up.... and kind of stayed there. it just lacked any intensity. now, there was some latin dancing, some disco dancing, and a boogie/hip hop cool down, but nothing to break a sweat with..  i would recommend this for someone who is just beginning to work out, or someone out of shape.i was really disappointed, because it was hosted by allie delrio, in my humble opinion the best of the best. her smile was wonderful, following her was easy, but it just lacked that firm energy. plus, the workout cast had only allie and allison. the other folks were people never before seen in firm videos. one lady in the back even did these mini-dip twist things with her knees over her toe box! (a huge no-no).  recently, goodtimes video, the company who used to own the firm, was just purchased by gaiam (the folks behind am/pm yoga). if this is what they are doing to the firm, i am going to stick with the old ones i got. i sure hope not-as the owner of 30 firm workouts, i am used to quality and excellence with the firm
a disappointment....i love the firm workouts, and i love the instructor allie, so i was so excited to try this new workout.  i was unfortunately extremely disappointed...this workout was not complicated, but it also wasn't much of a workout.  i didn't get my heart rate up at all, and didn't break a sweat.  some of the moves are just not very good, and having to repeat them everytime we add on got really annoying...the disco part was my favorite, but overall, this is a workout that i can honestly say i would rather have the money then the workout.  i will keep it and periodically do it on a very light day or in addition to another workout, but that's just because i have it.  ..i've tried a couple other of the new firm workouts that are more worth the money...this one i am sad to say is not.
don't bother, why bother....i would like to go to the trouble of explaining why, in detail, this is not a good movie; however, since amazon habitually goes to the trouble of deleting my other one star reviews, i will go to no such trouble
it's got its high points!.will ferrell has done alot of good comedy in his day! however, this film may be laugh riot for half the film, the rest of it just seems to drag on and on. the plot is extremely unoriginal and i just found too many things in this film were unrealistic. i wasn't expect realistic from this film to begin with. most of the people i talked to thought it was ok.  that's kinda where i am with this. i mean, parts are really funny! like the villain and the part where ricky is driving the car slower then a tortus but he thinks he's going really fast. but the humor stops half way and we get a cheesy film about a guy trying to relive what he was good at and being successful again.  that to me, was just stupid. this film wasn't horrible or great, it was just ok. in a couple of years from now, i probably won't remember a thing about this film. it just didn't leave much of an impact
god awful.i'm stunned...every once and a while a movie comes along that is so deeply in love with itself and so deeply flawed that you are left sitting there in slack jawed disbelief.  this is one of those movies.  pretentious and "look-at-me-i'm-so-quirky" yet so remarkably inane and trite.     ..to be fair, the movie is not technically bad, and in more capable hands could have been something really special and "meaningful".  instead, however, the incessant self-absorption, the cliches that pass for "wit", and the smugness all just combined to make me (right around the ten minute mark) root for tragedy to strike:  "oh, large truck in the background, please, please drive into the foreground, swerve, and hit a character...any character."  and don't even get me started on the first year film student level dialog that ends up squeezing every ounce of well-intentioned meaning out of this lemon so that there's none actually there.  ..this is a vanity project and it shows.   miranda july wrote, directed and starred in this - so we pretty much know who to blame.  and to read that miranda july is a performance artist - well, that pretty much explains everything right there
if toxic waste were a movie it would be this movie.it blows my mind that there are so many ecstatic reviews for this movie. it is one of the worst movies i have ever seen. bar none. i felt physically ill at the end of it. i guess there are parts of it that could have been interesting in the hands of a good writer and/or director but unfortunately miranda july is neither. she cannot write her way out of a paper bag. some people mentioned the sexual content w/children. those parts were for lack of a better word "icky" yes. i'm no prude though and its not as if i object to a filmmaker exploring those topics, its just that they were extremely poorly written and acted in my mind. every part of the movie seemed stiff, stilted and artificial to me. let me put a caveat here. i don't mind slow movies, small movies, introspective movies, offbeat movies or anything along those lines(see "eternal sunshine of the spotless mind" a simply brilliant movie). this movie was simply execrable in every phase, writing , directing, acting). it occurs to me though what the dividing line might be between those who love this movie and those who hate it. ( there are very few between it seems ) in the movie and in real life miranda july is a "performance artist". in the movie she has a crummy "installation" which is not recognized by an art curator ( who pays for this grievous oversight in the form of sexual humiliation ). a person who thinks this kindergarten level installation is some kind of overlooked masterpiece that deserves attention will like this movie. one who thinks of it as pretentious and artificial will not. count me amongst the latter. despite all the plaudits and huzzas for this film take my word for it. the emperor has no clothes
pretty, but not very educational.once again baby einstein has a great idea and misses the opportunity to make something both fun and truly educational. the visual quality of this dvd is beautiful, and my son likes the puppets. my problem is that whoever designed the concept development did not have a solid understanding of how children learn language. this is a major flaw with many of their dvds made for children over 9 months old. this dvd has a loose structure which is meant to help a child develop concepts of various forms of waters--rivers, oceans etc, but the makers failed to align images, words, and puppet shows in such a fashion as would allow someone who had no experience with these things to develop a working understanding of what features make a river a river, or an ocean an ocean. many of the images selected seem to have almost nothing to do with the chosen theme of a segment, or are related in such a way that only an adult or older child who already has a working understanding of the topic would understand. same goes for the puppet shows. some are wonderful, but others involve humor or situations that are far out of the realm of a pre-verbal babys experience. i wish baby einstein would bring in psychologists or educators when they design their dvds as they did with numbers nursery.
another baby scared by the goldfish!.i actually came on here to see if my son was the only one who burst into tears when the goldfish came on (he's 10 1/2 months)! he does startle easily though and perhaps that is what's going on. i had left the room for a second when it began and came running back when he started screaming. daddy accidentally sent baby mozart back to netflix (instead of his star trek dvd) so we were branching out into our baby einstein collection. i think we'll put this one away and try some of the others
razing raising arizona.now, don't ch'all get me wrong, i enjoys me an offbeat comedy as much as the next person.  heck, i myself am as "offbeat" as it gets this side o' the cuckoo's nest.  and yeah, i chuckled two, maybe three times during the course of this one and a half hour movie.  but that ain't a good laughs to minutes ratio, boys `n' girls.  problem is, i prefer my offbeat comedies to be funny...i'm funny that way...i s'pose i can see why some o' the people of airheadzona might think this is a great comedy...after all, airheadzona's collective i.q. rating is commensurate with its average temperature during the dog days of summer.  but what excuse does the rest o'yous have?..not to worry; i'm a-gonna buy each and every one o'yous a real, fully-developed sense o'humor for christmas this year. (provided the comedy store has `em on sale. i doesn't like to pay me full price!)
embaressing..while "riot act" (2002) is probably the bands most strongest album yet, the tour that followed definitley was not...onstage pearl jam don't even look like themselves anymore, well at least on the 2003 tour..the deliverence and shoegazing performance leave so much to be desired, its only a worse follow on from the 2000 american tour where the band looked exhuasted and bored, after what looked like a pretty impressive previous european tour of the same year...probably the reason is that the band are't 21 anymore, and have become slack...hopefully with rehearsals, eating properly, and new inspiration they will make their next tour back to their best, and end this drudge which has made them look silly in recent times...don't buy this, their last decent tour was 1998 or europe 2000, so one day hopefully we will see a dvd from those times or prior to that...new album soon.........
pearl jams dvd collection (all 2 of them are a bore).pearl jam are more of a band of the 90s, and really they should of stayed their and done something else different because the last decent album they released was "yield"..thats not to say "binuaral" and  "riot act" are terrible albums its just the production on both of them is bad, eddie vedders singing is a bore and the songs just are'nt their, thats not to say you should not have them in your cd collection - hah!..as for this laughable pearl jam at the garden dvd, well that just reinforced why pearl jam are a band of the 90s, and back then they were an energetic and proper enthusiastic live band...since then it blatantly seems they have become slacker and boring, fatter and unexciting and older (which is no excuse) to be such a bore on the stage..you would never beleive how bad this band has disintergrated over the years...no passion whatsoever, they just look like they are their for the moeny - which of course is a huge shame
a "cleaning up"  would've been nice.if you've seen previous world series vhs tapes, then you're not missing anything if you pass up the older series dvd's because they are merely the tapes put onto dvd. it sure would have been nice if they had "cleaned up" footage somehow because i see the same rough spots and ticks, etc that i saw in the vhs tapes when they first came out.  some new or different footage would've been a treat to those of us who have seen the vhs tapes before. each world series shows far too much "fan reaction" and the sort while not concentrating on the action afield enough; the 1989 series film was the worst by far.
come in, ladder 49 - your time is up..hey, you know something?  you know those guys that jump into burning buildings and rescue people? do you know they happen to be rather brave?..well, if you did, you can walk away now because you've basically seen the entire point behind "ladder 49: firefighters are so brave, aren't they?"..call me a cynic all you want, but i want the movies i watch to have a little more story than that. oh, wait - ok. come back - there is a story behind ladder 49 after all. it's just not a very good one...so, brave firefighter joaquin phoenix joins up with other brave firefighters, and the majority of the movie is centred around them, and the ha-ha-larious "manly" antics they get up to, including an "induction" ceremony that only the most stupid, gullible people in the universe would fall for, and throwing beer kegs over one another. 'cos they're guys, see? and all the while the worst possible fires break out (with no explanation why.. jeez, you'd think there would be some little fires or cats to rescue from trees or something?) and every time joaquin's moaning wife's worried face is shown because she's sure he's going to die this time...and that's basically it. the thing is, the characters are so bland and uninspired, the plot so cut-out-and-keep that we can't help but feel we've seen this sort of thing a thousand times before. its more like a mid-afternoon tv movie than a big budget blockbuster, and having great actors like john travolta and robert patrick in dull co-worker roles is such a waste of their talents that it beggars belief...big stars, big money - on a movie that's as exciting as a ladder in a pair of tights. a real waste...the_curmudgeon_hates_you@yahoo.co.u
disappointing.i have the water dog dvd and book and purchased the game dog dvd and book.  the book for both is outstanding.  the game dog and water dvd is the same video on dvd.  do not waste your dollars and purchase both dvd's.  it is a waste of good money.  purchase game dog only.  i have not seen gun dog but wanted something more with upland dog training.  maybe gun dog is the trick.
evangelion rip off.this series was so frustrating to watch, at least for those who are familiar with evangelion ( a far more superior anime). everything in dual was stolen from evangelion, the main character was a shinji ikari rip off, and the two girls were exactly like asuka and rei. even the mechs they had looked like evas. its a pity that people would give this 5 stars. the length of it was also lame, it had 13 episodes, yup 13! and i think they chose 13 because its an unlucky number and the stupid fans would think this is creepy (something evangelion always has been).
the worst movie ever.my family and i love anne of green gables and cried through most of it.. we do not have a problem with the first 2... but............ we have been watching the series 1.30 each week and come to the last dvd the coninuing story and boy is is the worst acted and story movie we have ever seen... i do not know what happen to anne ( megan fellows) she was dead in every which way you look at it, no sparkal, no love no joy or happeness in her eyes or face at any time, she acted like a 50 year old women, we know she grew up but a person who has sparkle and joy and laughter in their eyes never loses that, and her voice in a few years has become deep and old.. we are so disappointed and so upset with this dvd... how can ones acting and joy be gone so fast... hel
extremely disappointed!!!!.i fell in love with the "anne of green gables" movies when i was a little girl because of they were such lovely interpretations of the l.m. montgomery books. meagan follows is anne shirley. when i found out that a third installment of the series was coming out, i could not wait. however, what i received left a very bad taste in my mouth. "anne of green gables - the continuing story" was horrible! the story was terrible and did not live up to the previous installments that drew you in to the story. with this film, i really didn't care about the characters the way i had in the past. the only thing i did care about was the fact that anne and gil were finally together, but was still disappointed by their rushed wedding - something i had been waiting for for a very long time. i don't think that we, as fans, had the opportunity to really enjoy their wedding the way we had always imagined we would. i also hated the fact that the character of jack and his son, in a way, came between anne and gil. sometimes i felt like anne was cheating on gil with her interactions with jack. i wanted to see anne and gil have their own children and raise them in the wonderfully heartwarming way they were raised, not with all of the melodrama of wwi...i truly wish that a better ending to an extraodinary series could have been made, but i guess i'll make do with the first two movies. i can't say enough great things about those films! ..the only reason i am giving this film one star - i would like to give it zero - is because some of the original cast is back. it was great to see anne, gil, and dianna once again!..if you are a fan of "anne of green gables" and "anne of avonlea" (aka "anne of green gables - the sequel"), don't bother purchasing this last installment. although i'm sure you will want to see what happened to all of your favorite characters, your hopes will certainly be dashed and disappointed by a poor story and poor dialogue
so incredibly disappointed.....i have to echo the comments everyone else seems to have made about this movie. what a disappointment, both from the point of view of a fan of the movies and a fan of the books. i could almost have gotten on board with the anne/gilbert in wwi thing if they had just used some of the story from rilla of ingleside (let's remember that her children were in wwi, not gilbert!!!!)... but they didn't even do that. when l.m. montgomery has given us so many fantastic stories, why invent your own? that's not what anne is about at all!!! ..i think it's all the more disappointing for me because rilla of ingleside is my favorite book of the anne series. if they had to do wwi, why not just use that book? it is one of the best stories ever written, in my opinion. i cry buckets every time i read it. if you haven't read it, but you loved anne of green gables (especially if you were disappointed in this movie), read rilla of ingleside!!! it's fantastic. of course, i'd recommend reading the whole anne series. and the emily of new moon series. and anything that l.m. montgomery wrote, actually
not a nicer place.the first two "anne of green gables" movies were terrific. interesting characters carried you to a nicer place. this movie has more turmoil, rather than charming predicaments. this movie did not continue the characters of green gables for me. ..this movie should have been made with new actors, rather than the greene gables cast, so that fans would not expect the charm of avonlea to continue; which it does not here. however, if you have not seen the first two anne movies, this film may be fine for you, and better than other things on tv today. i first recommend "road to avonlea", seasons 1-6
couldn't get into it.....i own a ton of workout dvd's and thought i might try this one due to the ten minute interval toning sections. i like to use these as add-ons to my cardio vids.  however, i tried the entire video twice and could not get over the instructor... her chatter was really annoying and i felt like she was teaching a kindergarten class.  i am not easily annoyed, and was surprised by my dislike of this dvd... i am definitely selling this one on ebay
stunning visuals, dismal premise and narration..visuals are stunning, editing is superb - so if you need a visual guide to the bible, this is pretty good. unfortunately, that is where the good ends...bruce feiler sets out on a quest to visit all the biblical landmarks of its first five books, but the trip has an inherent weakness - mr. feiler is a skeptic. he is taking a journey of faith but rationalizes each and every step he takes. for example, ascending the mt. ararat, where the bible says the ark of noah rested; he wonders where all the waters would have come from in the first place. he wonders - melting ice-caps? in other words, bruce feiler is looking for a rational explanation for the great flood! ..if bruce feiler believes that there was a garden of eden as the bible says (his very first stop), then he must also believe that god made the heavens and the earth, as the bible says! if he can create the heavens and the earth by the word of his mouth, he can also perform miracles. you cannot pick and choose what you believe based on your so-called rationality - either the bible is true in its entirety, or it is not. if it is not true, then it does not need bruce feiler's help to prop up its so-called "stories". ..this aspect of bruce feiler journey is oft repeated - and very perplexing.  why set out on such a journey if you do not believe your guidebook? more examples? bruce feiler suggest that since the sinai wilderness could not support the number of people the bible says crossed over from egypt, therefore the numbers must be wrong. how about the manna being nothing but the gum of some wilderness tree in sinai? i could go on....but you get the point. after a while, this becomes very annoying...if you are a believer, this is not for you. i would not recommend it for my children.
walking the koran.if your christian dont buy this,it has nothing to do with the 5 books of moses,also no true idea on religion
room for improvement.walking the bible (i do not have the book that the dvd is a companion to) to me was, in a word, vague.  for example, the scene standing atop mt nebo, made on a foggy day showed little and told little of the significance of that place.  how far from jerusalem was it?  what are the other mountains like nearby are they taller, shorter, or the same height? which way is jerusalem?  is that the dead sea off in the distance? what can be seen from there on a clear day? what cannot be seen because the mountain is too low? what is the land like there for farming in comparison to what is across the river?  where did israel cross over from there?, was it in a place where moses could have witnessed?  the dvd has a bible reading and some spiritual comments, but that is it.
there are better frech movies.coming out is not an excuse to make poor movies like this one,it is slow nad ok when you are 20, but other then that is not really whort it, if you haven seen it, dont worry
one of the worst movies ever made.i saw this movie yesterday thinking it'd be exciting. i sure am glad that i survived after watching this terrible excuse for a movie. there's no story line, the acting is pathetic, whoever gave vin diesel the idea that he can act. like an earlier reviewer observes it's about who's dumber the guys who made this movie or the ones who gave it a good review
ghetto monkey, modification morons with mufflers.i would rate this piece of film trash a "0", but unfortunately, that is not an available option. this stupid movie did not start the scene, but it did contribute to it. this review is to all of you ghetto monkey morons who think that because you have ground effects and an obnoxious sounding muffler, that somehow you have transformed yourselves into mario andretti and a ferrari; i have some astounding news for you, the average citizen thinks you are an idiot with a license, and should be barred from ever contributing to the human populus. no one is impressed with your driving antics that endanger the rest of us on the roads and highways. in fact, everytime i read that one of you idiots died in a tragic accident due to your own ignorance and lack of driving skills, i actually celebrate with my friends, and we relieve ourselves on the grave, because there is one less stupid person on the road. do the rest of the world a favor, save your money, don't make your car look stupid and ghetto, which in return, makes you look stupid and ghetto,learn how to drive safely, turn your hat around (facing forward), pick up your retarded looking baggy pants, put a belt on, and hide your underwear, (that no one wants to see, but laughs at you while you walk past) and speak a normal language that includes words besides "dawg" and other non-understandable neanderthal sounds that clearly indicate your lack of education and stupidity
this movie would have been acted better if they used real retards!!!!!!!.i can't give it any less than one star but what the heck, the girls were hot so there's the one star. other than that i am literally dumber after watching this movie! i swear to god! i passed out after watching this film because i got so stupid i forgot to breathe! they should stop beating around the bush and hire retards from the mental home to play the lead roles because lord knows they would have done a better job! even if they just ran around the set yelling "1,2,3, potato salad, march!" the dialogue would have been 1000 times better. message to the producer:.give it up loser!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this could have been one of the best films of the 80's.this could have been one of the best films of the 80's. all of the components are there. ford gives the best acting of his career. the production is elegant and holds up as often breathtaking even by today's standards. two things however really bring this movie down. ..the major negative here i believe is polanski's insistence on starring emmanuelle seigner. this is one of the sexiest women i have ever seen grace a film, but it is the understatement of the year to say that she can't act at all. in fact, i think that she might have just about turned in the worst acting performance i have ever seen in this film and it totally destroys ford's performance. when the film was over i thought about it and came to the conclusion that there is really two halves here. the first half is dynamite; the second with seigner is a totally different beast, your average stupid kid thriller. watch this film and dare contradict my statement here. get beyond her obvious good looks and tell me she just was not meant for this part. it's so bad that  ford fades into the background in any scene that she was also in...ok, the second negative in this film are these two agents that keep popping up. there is no explanation ever given as to how they knew where ford and seigner would be time and time again. it really ruins what could have been a very nicely done and subtle plot. they were never needed and muddle an otherwise great story...i am really kind of mad with polanski here. he destroyed what could have been one of the better films he has made. and this statement comes from one who worships the ground polanski walks on.
just say no.this movie is no "heathers."  it's not even "mean girls."  as hard as it tried to be witty, shocking, dark, and satirical, it just made me want to bang my head against a wall to make the pain of watching it stop.  maybe i'm just too old for this drivel -- although i could watch "clueless" and "the craft" until my dvd player breaks -- but whatever entertainment value this movie was trying to push, i just didn't get it.  the movie wasn't funny (which is sad to say when one of my favorite comedic actresses, carol kane, couldn't even elicit a smile out of me), the plot was full of holes, and the writing seemed very rushed and contrived.  i wasn't expecting greatness when i watched jawbreakers, but i was at least hoping for 1 1/2 hours of mindless entertainment.  unfortunately, the "entertainment" piece was dropped and i was just left with "mindless.
wow.boy this movie was weird and psycho. i happen to like the weird movies but it was way off the psycho side for me. friends try to cover up an "accidental death" from one of their friends when they try to pull a prank that goes horribly wrong. things like this, i try to stay away from. although i am glad i saw it so i won't always wonder if this movie was actually watchable or not. now i know. i gave it 2 stars because the movie did have it's charms.
movie made popular only by antisemites.i've been reading many of the reviews of this movie, and i can't help noticing how many people were giving this top ratings. people who watch and love this movie are totally unaware of the real situation in the middle east. this film shows the humanity of two average-joe muslims who are called up to fulfill their promise...to go into a crowded area, and kill dozens of people! those who rave about this movie, saying how it's not propaganda at all do not know the truth. a very in-your-face propaganda scene shows the two protagonists leave their destitute arab-ghetto and enter the "urban metropolis" of tel-aviv. the only message people get from this scene is, "oh, those poor palestinians; look how poor they are." while those territories are actually poor in real life, the way that scene was shot doesn't make you think, "why are those areas so poor in the first place? the arab government has promised year after year to build up muslim economy and welfare." the story unfairly pins the blame all on the israelis; their growth in economy and industry led to the downfall of the muslims'. so how do the arabs retaliate? they go according to their religion, they blow themselves up in a public area, killing many jews surrounding them. the viewer is left feeling sad at the end of the movie, because one of the characters almost got his friend to not kill himself. but at the last moment, he "fulfills his destiny". the drama here, according to the viewer, is generally, "that's so terrible. in the end he died." what they don't say is, "that's so horrible. he killed all of those people. he killed himself just so he could take as many jews with him as possible." and that's the truth...this movie, however "moving" it may be to many, still avoids the truth, bringing out unjust and antisemitic propaganda to the film industry in a "well filmed and thought out movie." personally, i think anyone who naturally enjoys this movie, because of the drama of seeing two terrorists kill themselves, is an antisemite himself. this movie's moral isn't to spread peace and to feel sorry for those "poor palestinians", it's "to spread hatred and death among the jews". the mere fact that this film got nominated for best foreign film is mortifying; it shows just how low the movie industry has sunk. in fact, it also shows how low society in general has sunk as well...do not even fathom of viewing this terrible, terrible film
over the hill....and past his prime to b-movieland he goes. van damme? ho hum. now free to embrace the old superheros retirement home along with pals stallone, schwarzaneggar  segall et al, damme(it)'s cardboard acting (indeed the entire flick) which delivers action that rivals a race between two slugs and character development, envisages twiggy-like thin-ness. watch this movie as you would drying paint - in anticipation of fini
poorly written script with three good leading ladies.though too fluffy and light-weight, 'chasing papi' is not as awful as some opinions might suggest.  produced by none other than 20th century fox, one of the major hollywood studios, it has enough budget to create the colorful looks and joyful soundtracks.  sadly, the film just doesn't know the right way to use three surprisingly refreshing latina-american actresses, and that's the real problem...well, but i think the opening chapters are awfully bumpy.  think about this.  thomas is dating three women at the same time; a chicago laywer wearing glasses, a street-smart miani cocktail waitress, and a rich, sheltered, spoiled daughter in new york.  normally, this kind of guy cheating women, well-meaning as he thinks he is, is called romeo, and i suppose most women would despise him, but because this romeo, or thomas, is so irresistible, the three women  cannot stop thinking about the possibility that she is the only one meant for him.  i wanna ask whoever gave the green light to this project -- are you living in the 21st century?..but to be fair, that is only the introduction, and wait a while.  the real point of the film is the ad-hoc coalition to get over the embarrassing situation (like thomas fainting and an fbi agent watching it!), which eventually develops to the friendship between them through joining in a beauty pagent or dacing on the stage...the film uses up its tricks pretty early on, and funny moments come very sporadically.  in fact, the characters, stories, and gags are all too familiar today, and look exactly dead art, like pie-throwing.  with short running time of 80 minutes, the film still looks padded out, and i didn't talk about the 'dream' sequences (including that of a chihuahua) that have nothing to do with the story...as i said, the three leading ladies roselyn sanchez, sofia vergara, and jaci velasquez do act with gusto, and they did admirable job for their characters always remain likeable.  and i like roselyn sanchez, who has curiously attractive charms like sandra bullock, and was the only good thing in terrible film 'boat trip.'  i just don't understand why hollywood must keep on wasting them in this awful films again and again...innocuous, fluffy, but that's not the problem.  the problem is that they could think of only hackneyed ideas to fill the 80 minutes.  and they used as many as four writers.
stargate sg-1 season 9 dvds.as a long fan of stargate sg-1, why wait so long for season 9 to be released only for short segments to have been removed from the episodes?  are the customers being sold future syndicated versions of these episodes?  i must say, i'm not pleased...mgm, sony, fox and amazon, what's up
beating a dead horse.i tried it and i didn't like it...i'd almost say read my review of the x-files 9th season and just replace any character names and whatnot, but i won't.  as another reviewer stated this show should've ended after seven years.  through the show's seven year run they had a cohesive  story that kept me coming back every week.  the ga'uld were an origional idea for a villian.  apothis and anubis being of course the stand outs.  i still think they should've had a bigger story involving so'car rather then just an episode or two...starting with their decision to make the lost city an ancient outpost and put jack as a general the show just lost everything.  as boring as season 8 was it was still better than this...when will tv executives get it?  end a show while it's still strong.  unfortunately they love to milk a show for everything they can get.  i'd like to say props to scifi for canceling it, but they should've done that two years ago.  of course jack isn't on this season which adds to the crap that is season nine.  add in some bad new characters, one of whom tries hard to be jack it's not even funny, and a rediculous new villian and you have the makings of bad tv.  if they wanted to do this crap they should've created another bad spin off.  i wouldn't of watched it, but a lot of people would.  oh and that's another thing, what's with all the atlantis references?  i personally don't care what goes on in another galexy on another bad tv show...the writting has completely gone downhill.  i never finnished the memory altering device episode because ten minutes into it i figured everything except for who killed the girl, and i just don't care.  and what's with having another villian who pose as gods?  if you're going to create a new bad guy at least make them completely different.  course the main bad guys on atlantis are basically vampires who liik like marolyn manson.  i could go on, but instead i'll just say if you haven't seen this season then just don't bother.  it's not sg1.  you can't take away three main characters over a couple year span, then take away your main bad guy, replace them with lame characters and expect it to work.  it just doesn't
disappointed in the box set great series.i am both disappointed in amazon and mgm , first the so called box set was released 3 weeks  earlier  at sam's club  for $27.00 but it was the thin pack so i did not buy it because i own the other (8 seasons) in the (box) set amazon was to release it in a few weeks so i waited and pre bought what i thought was the box set , not the thin set well when the package came in i was disappointed  i went to sam's i was going to buy the thin pack and return the amazon order. well sam's club sold out of the season 9 right away..now i have something i paid too much for and it does not match my collection...mgm must have a bunch of idiots working for them if they are going to offer something like this they should keep in mind there are fans out there that already have the entire collection. on the other hand you can buy all 8 seasons from sam's for $27.00 each in thin pack now. i like stargate but i am not going to buy all 8 seasons again.
cheap switcheroo....originally placed the order for the non-thinpak release as amazon had listings for both the original-style 5-discs box set and the "new" slimline thinpak...seems mgm decided not to release this box set in the original style; annoying to say the least.  they've previously released seasons 1 through 8 in the old-style.  sg-1 is now a cancelled series -- so what's the harm with releasing the same style for the last two releases (season 9  10)??..this is not unlike the simpson's box sets which were changed in season 5 to "head shots" of simpsons characters.  after much protest, their distributor came out with original box set-style releases...smaller package... less inserts... looks puny on the dvd rack next to the other eight seasons... same price.  gotta love that marketing plan!..i'm returning mine and waiting on the hopes mgm will come to some sense and release the final two seasons old-school
nice idea, but sexist and a horrible translation.we expose our babies/toddlers to a wide variety of cultural sources, in several languages.  therefore, having seen similar products it seemed logical to purchase this one, given it is touted as a multilingual introduction to their environment (our little ones are trilingual: english, spanish and asl, and they ignore us in all them!).  big mistake.  the video not only reinforces but solidifies the sexist portrayal of love so prevalent in other baby einstein (be) items.  in earlier be products one could see only female hands manipulating objects as they presented them on screen.  male hands were never present.  this video goes many steps furhter by featuring male figures only in the background, or at best, an elderly man briefly interacting with a child.  everywhere else you see multiple females lovingly playing, caring or otherwise being nurturing to children.  males are only seen (with the exception of a black couple in bed while kids jump to play with them) in a distant background in entirely detached attitudes, or at least distant, dry and quiet poses, such as talking with a much older (male) child.  it is as if they are shown there as part of the domestic landscape, however as movable and inane as potted plants, whom you can move and place at will.  i felt insulted by this condescending and disqualifying view of male love and nurturing abilities...asides, when you go into the spanish version, it is (for a professionally produced video) riddled with mistakes.  three objects are mislabeled.  in the first, when a cup - the plastic or paper tall type , not the coffee and saucer version, it is called "la taza", when in reality it should be "el vaso", as unlike english, where it is interchangeable "vaso" is  the specific word for that item.  the second - much worse instance, still in the kitchen was to introduce a bowl.  there, the clueless scripter translated it as "el bol", a clear and poor corruption of the english word into a one commonly used in spanglish, instead of calling it "tazo'n", as its correct name is.  the last one i saw was in the yard (i'm suprised they didn't call it la yarda!: "looka mami! get la troca and go a la marketa a buy a boncha de carrotas!").  this time they called an obvious swing (two ropes and a seat in between) "la hamaca", when in reality hamaca means hammock.  fortunately, we are native speakers amnd are abel to catch these pitfalls, but many people relies upon these products to teach their kids other languages.  ..in sum i was discusted with the whole thing.
not worth the money..i am a huge fan of baby einstein.  my son loves them all.  he is 2 and a half, and still watches them.  i love them also, because they are so nice on the ears.  i can't stand the background noise of most kids shows.  especially over and over and over!!  but baby einstein is pleasant and nice to watch.  but baby wordsworth is stupid and not worth 1.00 at a garage sale.  we have not even made it through the whole thing one single time.  my son won't sit still for even 5 minutes of it.  save your money.  if you want something to help you with vocabulary, we love baby babble.  it's a must!  my son learned several words from it
too slow.i am a lover of all things einstein, and a speech therapist so i was excited when i got this dvd.  unfortunately the pace is so slow, and they only show the sign for each item two times about five minutes apart.  it is not nearly enough for a small child or a child with delays to pick up.  i can barely watch it, and its the only one my 11 month old doesn't watch, and i think we have 6 dvds
i wouldn't recommend it to anybody..i like marlee matlin and some of the other dvds in the baby einstein series so was looking forward to this one.  it is unfortunately not that great for teaching sign language (i prefer both "my baby can talk" and "signing time").  the worst part of it is how long a child has to wait for the actual content; there is no way to skip the commercial for "disney's little einsteins"
worst be we own.my son, husband, and i really do not like this dvd because (unlike other baby einstein dvds) this dvd is too focused on cheap looking computer animation. there are very few puppet scenes, and the ones they have are pretty quick and lack much depth. the music is pretty bad, too. i prefer the music of baby mozart or baby beethoven. this sounded synthetic and computer-generated, not "real." i found this dvd to be boring and couldn't keep my attention or that of my son. my son (15 months) can't watch this entire dvd. he gets very bored and sick of the monotonous sign language instructions  (which take up most of the dvd and are pretty fast in pace).  i was underwhelmed and wish i hadn't purchased this dvd. it is not like previous be dvds.  i suggest baby mcdonald, baby da vinci, or baby mozart to those who wish to purchase a be dvd.
not yet received.i have not yet received this item.  hopefully, it is on its way.  it has been over three weeks
not lord of the rings.i bought this movie soley because it was a "peter jackson"..while i found it intersesting and well filmed, it's not a movie that i will ever bother watching again. the limitation of this movie is, that it's a true story. the sureal lives of the characters are well portrayed, but the conclusion is abrupt and, while not graphic, is still sickening, especially when you know that people can behave like that and be out of prison within five years! if it was a work of fiction, maybe the girls would have been hanged and therefore given the viewer a sense of satisfaction. but, as they say, truth is stranger than fiction
never available - don't bother.i had the same problem as everyone else in getting any of the infantastic dvds from amazon. i waited over two months, kept getting reassured that they were still coming, and then discovered one day that they had simply canceled my order without letting me know. not only did no one ever offer to check with the company directly for the source of the problem or actual anticipated wait itme, but amazon continues to post these items on their web site with a delivery date of 7-11 days, which is at best a misrepresentation, and at worst a complete lie because they are well aware that they can't provide the product at all at this point...i don't really care whose fault it is that the product is never available - amazon needs to stop posting these dvds for purchase until they are confident the orders can be filled in the time noted.
amazon does not really carry this item.i agree with the reviewer below who asserts that this item is always on back-order.  after waiting for this item for several weeks already, i was today told by amazon that there would be an additional one-month delay.  i have canceled my order and ordered these videos directly from infantastic
depth, but not 3d.i bought this today (razor 3d the ultimate 3d experience) and have tried 3 dvds with it, used all the different settings, and so far it offers more depth perception, but is definitely not jump-off-the-screen 3d.  i was using a regular tv.. 32" crt sanyo, and again i could tell a difference in depth but it is confined to the square boundary of your television.. it is absolutely not come-out-of-the-screen at all.  plus it kinda hurts my eyes.  i was disappointe
3d with any new plasma screens.this dvd 3-d box set, is great to add to any collection..it is more focused on bring computer effects to life..i have been to imax and can advise that the effects are just as good...only 1 big problem: ..if you are luckly enough to own a projector or old tv set around 5 years or older. you should be able to set back and enjoy...for some unknown reason the 3-d box set will not work with hi-end tv's or most plasma screens out today...if you buy the box set, be carefull, as the set is very unlikely to work with your screen...i bought 2 sets: both sets did not work on my plasma screen..                 both worked well on the projector
the ultimate 3-d collection h3d viewing system.well.....  .  i'm not happy with :(.  the dvd's are cool indeed but the so cald h3d viewing system.  i don't like, why ?!.  sure i can see depth, sure i can see 3d with it,.  but, not like in the pictures on the h3d viewing system box, nothing comes out of my tv or the so cald .come-off-the-screen effect, that's for sure....  and it's not that i plugged it wrong !.or... i have bad eyes :
this dvd is awful.this dvd is terrible and i regret purchasing it. the worst thing is that during the cardio workout, the instructor is not going to the beat of the music at all. she is so off. i personally cannot stand when workouts are not synched with the music. and the video looks like it was put together on a shoestring budget. do not buy this video if you expect a nice, high-quality workout dvd
don't buy this 1-disc release..i bought the japanese 2-disc edition from amazon's japanese site.  the only thing that is in japanese only are the kiddy games everthing else is in english with removable jpn subtitles.  the jpn edition is ntsc and region 2.  if you only have a region 1 dvd player try to find a copy of the old tarzan collectors 2-disc edition release
not a 2-disc edition!.the movie?  awesome.  the dvd?  another disney rip-off...touted as a two-disc special edition all the way through the packaging of the cinderella two-disc special edition, disney silently changed its mind and charged an outrageous price for a single disc.  even the coupon inside the cinderella dvd said that this would be a two-disc.  why did disney change its mind last minute?  no official word (and no apology when i complained), but you can bet the answer starts with a dollar sign
where is my 2-disc special edition ?.where in the world is the 2nd disc to the tarzan special edition i was told about in the commerical?.this is complete false advertisement..i bought this dvd thinking there where 2-discs..disney really messed up on this one..they need to send all owner's of this crappy so-called special edition a free copy of the next tarzan release(which will probably be a 2 disc dvd) or refund unsatisfied customers money back..i will think twice about buying certain disney movies in the future.  ..i am also upset about the "new groove edtion" of the emperor's new groove..this is for the most part the same dvd as the previous released..down to the content and even the menus..the only thing really new is 2 more deleted scenes...i am totally upset about this situation..i can not return these dvd's to the store because the dvd's are opened..the only way i could know this was not what i wanted was to open the dvd's..as a customer what do you do when the stores have a no return policy on open dvd's...total disappointment
born to lose.does deniro even appear in this movie?  talk about false advertising.
dont buy this movie!.i bought it because of robert deniro and the low price. it wasnt worth it. the picture quality is horrible, it looks like a bad tape... the color is constantly changing and the picture is very grainy. the sound is nothing to brag about. and besides all of that, the movie sucks. robert deniro has a total of about 2 minutes of screen time, and he says maybe less then 10 lines.  and whats even worse than that- the dvd that i bought had a picture of deniro that wasnt even from this movie! sat away from this one, spend a little more a better movie
one double cross too many....mamet does not write reality in my opinion. you hear some of the quotes and you tend to think: "who talks like that?" ..however, it is intriguing to hear it come from this ensemble cast. with an inferior cast (like the one in spanish prisoner, which i still liked the first time i saw it) it would have been wasted, but the three leads (gene hackman, delroy lindo and danny devito) give it a crisp take that i found to be refreshing (even if the script was contrived). ..joe moore is an old master thief who thought he did his last job (i guess he doesn't realize the "rule" that a last job for a thief usually involves killing your boss in a double cross), but is lured into another one by mobster bergman. he has a crew, including long term partners bobby blane (delroy lindo), pinky (ricky jay) and wife fran (rebbecca pidgeon). their job this time around is the robbing of a shipment leaving an undisclosed airport bound for switzerland. however, there is a problem. bergman wants his nephew jimmy silk (rockwell) involved, maybe to get his feet wet, or to watch that they are not doublecrossed. he is reckless and without patience. he is not eager to learn and thinks he is wise beyond his years, but he is not as stupid as he appears to be. this wildcard is the reason that the crew begin their double crosses. ..mamet intrigued us with his take on the con-world with his excellent house of games. he also did a very good job with the spanish prisoner. but this plot seems to be tired, especially since i saw "the score" with robert deniro and ed norton a month earlier. they have similar plotlines and while heist is superior in terms of dialogue, the score had more of a payoff and better pacing. there are also things about the movie that bother me. the first is the yet again hollywood obsession about placing a young woman with an old guy. yes, hackman doesn't always look his years, but he's past 70 and pidgeon looks more like his daughter. it's creepy to see them together. the other is that joe moore is a skilled thief who must have spent decades as a thief. he has nothing to show for it. i don't think so... ..sam rockwell also does a good job. he is the straight man, he is the observer and is always overshadowed by the leads but he does hold his own. the disappointing characters are pinky (they double cross their mobster boss and he doesn't run?) and fran. they also bothered me in the spanish prisoner. their static talk drive me up the wall and the last thing ricky jay looks like is a thief of any sort. ..as in house of games and spanish prisoner, there are twists and turns everywhere, but many of them are fairly predictable. there are no "ooohs" and "aaahs" from the audience as if they are fooled. maybe we are just too use to seeing mamet films that the shock of a double cross wore off a long time ago. without this surprise factor, the heist becomes a flat film with no real interest....rating: c
just not good.this movie sucks. ending is predictable. the line about being as quiet as an ant pissing on cotton was almost good. reservoir dogs--now there's a heist film
just another heist movie.quot;heistquot; is, well, an heist movie like so many others. this one goes completely by the book and is uninspired at all levels. gene hackman gives a standart, average performance as the burglar who starts having problems with his mates. this is a quot;who fools who?quot; picture, it has some required though predictable twists at the end and the character motivations remain unclear. in fact, the characters themselves remain unclear, since they don`t speak all that much and the dialogue is poor. acclaimed director david mamet glues scene after scene with little creativity, so most of them turn to be boring and lifeless. this just seems like a weak episode of some late-night cable b-tv series. dull, unsurprising and shallow, one to avoid
this just didn't do it for me.maybe i loved the original one too much, but this version of the story did not work for me. i especially was dissapointed in the music and the oompa loompas. stick with the first one. it was perfect
euuuwww......creepy!.this movie creeped me out and not in a good way. johnny depp is an awesome actor and i usually find him sexy but in this stinker i find him really creepy and gross. maybe it's the michael jackson-ish look he has going on with the black wig and white face. could they have picked a more horrible look for ww? it looked like they took him to a costume store and put a 10$ wig and 5$ clown makup on him! i love tim burton's other movies but this one sucked bigtime! it gives a new perspective on willy wonka but this willy is someone i would keep kids away from. this movie is childish if you're an adult and pales compared to the original. if you're a kid it's way too dark and scary and has some adult humor which will leave kids asking "auntie zoe, what does that mean?" when are screenwriters going to figure it out? either write a kids movie or write a grownup movie!!! it's really hard to do both in the same film. it seems like when writers try to make movies that appeal to adults and kids, they end up appealing to nobody! maybe i am biased because i loved the original gene wilder version. i would have been open to seeing a remake if it was good but this movie was dissapointing. it's amazing how so much money and effort go into special effects and expensive sets and the script itself is hollow with lousy characters. the whole thing just had a creepy vibe with almost sadistic undertones. the only reason i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because i love depp and burton, if you are not a fan of either, don't waste your time with this steaming pile of poo!
stick with willy wonka.i could barely get through the...um...er...reimagination...of the childern's classic - while the set design and special fx are state of the art, as usual for a tim burton film, the actual movie is hard to watch. why? depp's "performance" is chock full of ticks and mannerisms, off-putting, flat, self-absorbed, and finally, one-note. rather than the quirky fun of the original 1972 gene wilder version, burton's film is more horror than fantasy, often casually cruel and sadistic to the point of being far from family fare.  while deliberate on burton's part, that doesn't make the final product any more watchable. it's one grim, dismal, downward spiral slog. not much holidday fun, huh? as with most of burton's other big, expensive failures, he knows how to create a convincing world, but has no clue how to populate it with characters and situations we identify with and/or could care less about.  the final result is a film that's like a fragile, hermetically sealed curio on the shelf - nice to look at from afar, but hard to get attached to, much less involved with. what a waste of millions of studio $$$
for rent only.a weak action spying movie from the 70's. good to rent only, for the days when you really have nothing elso to do. quality of the picture and sound of the dvd is just basic. don't waste any money buying this dvd
surprisingly stupid.the acting in this is fabulous...the sets are wonderful...the pacing is good, for this kind of fantasy-based thing...however, the values preached are little short of hideous...the "family man" (jack campbell) is given a graphic choice between two lifestyles: the hyper-hedonism of a mega-merger stockbroker, and the frantic dailiness (diaper-changes, picking the kids up, etc.) of a suburban housedad...remember: when given a choice between (a) or (b), choose (c)...these two choices are both soul-destroying, and to force anyone to choose either/or is the depth of sadism...and the end of the movie suggests that he can have both--hell squared...why would anyone want either
i'm sorry... i find this badly written. spoilers!.yes, this is a supernatural psycological thriller... but far from a good one as far as i'm concerned...i love these kinds of stories and i went to see this film with a lot of excitement... first because it has a interesting subject. second because it has a great actor. i thought denzel washington would never associate himself with a bad script... but i was wrong...but denzel is always top notch. the rest isn't...by now you already know the story. a good detective... a killer who happens to me a demon who happens to pass from person to person just by touch... the hunt... blah blah blah......the script is idiot from page one..the killer (as we will see as the story develops) travels by simple touch. so... excuse me... why doesn't the killer passes to a guard as he is going to be executed??? i mean... the guy is sooo powerful (and mobile) that i find it unbelievable that he gets to be executed in the first place...but... ok... let's give the screenwriters a break...somewhere in the middle of the film, the demon enters a cat. ok... so he can enter all kinds of animals. fine...later on, the main character learns that in order to defeat the demon, he must kill his body in a place where there is nobody around. his brilliant idea: the forest. full of animals...was i the only one who did not know the ending before it came????..want more?..in an interesting twist, the protagonist kills an innocent man and later on... his own brother. and no one will believe the truth! how is he gonna get out of such a mess???..in the world of storytelling, there are only two ways of getting out of such an impossibly difficult situation: either the screenwriter is brilliant and finds a believable way to save his character from the master mess built by the screenwriter himself - so he should know! (and then we get some sort of positive ending despite everything...) or something deep inside the protagonist fails and he loses the battle against evil (despite the fact that there was a way out)...first line of solution: die hard, the fugitive..second line of solution: s7ven, chinatown...we have none of that here...instead we have an evil god against a simple man (great starter for drama, right?) ...but the man gets weaker and weaker and weaker... and the demon gets stronger and stronger... to the point where we get the fact that the demon is invincible long before he actually wins. and the great turnaround never comes...obviously we all hope he will be defeated... and that's why i kept myself seated all through the film... because if there was a way out... it would be brilliant. if the character dropped the towel... it would be thought provoking to say the least...but no... the ending was easy and predictable. the screenwriter could not achieve one of the two possible lines of solutions. he wrote the first thing that came to his mind and hid himself under "the story ends bad" label. without any depth...every villain has a weak point. it is up to the hero to explore it (may he loose or win). the only problem the hero faces here is a stupid lack of data. we have the data the moment the demon enters a cat. that's why we know how's gonna end...what about the girl who helps denzel? what about his nephew? shouldn't they be part of the ending too? don't come with the "this is an open-ending" kind of talk!..do i sense a smell of desire for a sequel?.quick! gas masks!!!! or... as a.c.doyle would write: "quick, dr. watson, the needle!"..despite a stupid screenplay. denzel is always great.
no complete season, = no sale.so, yet another random "collection" instead of the complete seasons, huh? testing the waters again, are we, studio execs? well... tenshun! ..we want the whole tamale, boys! that's right, phil silvers was an american original - the top banana, baby! he deserves the full treatment - deluxe all the way! all the seasons, all the episodes, in all their crowning glory! otherwise, forget it! now go out there, you fancy studio dudes, and do it over again properly!..at ease
shocking.this is a truly horrifying movie, and while some of the responsibility for this lies with the director, clive barker, the true genius of terror is the hairdresser for the film, mrs.gwendoline sutchbery-snipe, who is the proprietor of the "roots and all" beauty salon in luton town. mrs.sutchbery-snipe has been terrifying the area for close on three decades with her ghastly taste in hair sculpture, and in this film we find claire higgins, the famed stage actress, who recently won another olivier for best actress in her role as hecuba in frank mcguinness's eponymous play, teased and twisted to resemble david bowie during his ziggy stardust period.  equally frightening is the young ashley laurence, who sports a bouffant explosion modelled on the look made famous by jennifer beals in "flashdance".  julia's victims are all suffering from rather advanced male-pattern baldness, and mrs.sutchbery-snipe is quoted as saying that she wished to give these libidinous males 'all the brutal sexual appeal of a young sean connery' - unfortunately, thanks to a comb-over here and a cauliflower-ear there, these actors seem more akin to an aging bob hoskins..*.another key element in this ghoulish experience is the casting of andrew robinson, previously featured as the psychopathic villain in the original "dirty harry":  his complete and utter lack of any acting skill is deeply horrifying.  dominating scene after scene with his unmotivated snarl and empty stare, robinson fills the film with the stark existentialist angst that makes "the bold and the beautiful" and other daytime soap operas such bone-chilling, life-denying works of anti-art..*.the special effects were supervised by trevor "jackaroo" wicksmith, who previously worked on the long-running australian television series, "skippy: the bush kangaroo"; skippy's marsupial pouch was often featured in this series, as a place of safe storage for various objects key to the complex plotlines, and trevor's special effects crew manipulated the (subsequently revealed to be fake) paws that stuffed the said objects into the said pouch.  in "hellraiser" trevor was called in to lend his special touch to the scene where ashley laurence battles a strange pink rubber monster from hell for possession of the glory box - the box skitters across the floorboards, being batted away first by ashley and then by the haplessly uncoordinated monster, until final ashley snatches it away from the monster's fiendish pink plastic grasp...'exciting' is not the word for this thrilling contest. .*.devoid of empathetic characters, and bereft of any rational motivation of plot, "hellraiser" is shocking for all the wrong reasons
wish wish wish never bought this dvd.i tried the abs workout and because it's twisting you in a weird way, i injured my tail bone. that was in february of 2004. since then, to this day i have pain (similar to arthritis) in my tailbone that gets aggravated from various activities, so i have to really watch out. i have better days and worse days. once it does get aggravated, i'm doomed for weeks till it calms down. it's so annoying since i'm only 31 and it hurts right now even when i'm walking (i feel like i'm 71)..i wish i had never come across this dvd!!!
disappointing!  so 80's!!.i bought this dvd after seeing a recommendation by a celeb in a fitness magazine.  bad idea.  i have several fitness dvd's from various outlets and this is the worst ever.  tamilee even gets confused telling you 4 more - oops 6 more when counting reps.  it is formatted for vcr not dvd.  it is not inspiring or motivating.  your money is better spent with other products
disappointed customer.i was expecting more because of the history on these tapes/dvd's. this one was disappointing as you don't feel like you did a workout. i like the older ones better with tammy
disappointing.the ab portion of the dvd is good, although i fast forward through the warm ups and skip the cool downs altogether. the buns workout is not challenging enough except for the first set. the last one is a step-type exercise so if you don't have something you can step up on, you can't do it. the dvd itself is not very professionally done. tamilee miscounts, doesn't look at the correct camera when speaking to the audience and often fumbles her words. abs of steel maybe, buns of steel, no way
leisa hart is better in the "steel" videos than tammylee.i really try and like this lady tammylee but she is not ideal for a woman like me to try and look like, her booty is too round and seems like she has a big booty complex....she has some great moves and does some fun work, but leisa hart, the instuctor on several other "steel" videos seems more enjoyable and likable...nothing against tammilee, but this video set didn't do it for me
1 star review for the set, not the show.i'm usually pretty easy-going and tolerant of things, even discs that freeze or skip here and there, providing it isnt too annoying. my season 1 set of knight rider had a bit of these in a few of the episodes, but i was always able to fastforward over the offending few minutes and just get on with things. man i am so annoyed about my copy of a-team season 2. i love the a-team and i just want to watch the episodes but i cant get anywhere with this set. disc 1 is just useless. the 1st episode on side a plays ok, 2nd episode goes okay til about six minutes from the end then dies, cant be read. episode 3 on this side cant even be acknowledged by any dvd player ive tried. similarly on side b, first episode on that side okay, 2nd one cant be read, third one goes about 16 mins before dying. give me a break! i paid money for this thing!.i see other people have had similar problems, but not everyone, which means i was just unlucky with my set..can anyone help me though - how do i contact universal about this? i cant find any relevant email addresses on their websites. has anyone complained about a similarly faulty copy and received a replacement? if anyone at all can give me some email address by which i can contact them, please do, because its really annoying to have paid good money for something i can not use..thank you
a-team rocks!  universal doesn't!.this box set was a horrible rip-off.  i love the show and this season has some great episodes, but i couldn't watch them all because the dvd keeps skipping and sometimes becomes just plain unreadable.  i have a playstation 2 which can read practically any type of digital disc known to man without problems, but it can't read this.  it's not just one disc, either.  all of the discs had problems.  i believe that this is a result of the two-sided disc, because try as i might, i couldn't find a single scratch on any of the discs and after i cleaned them thoroughly, they continued to skip in the same exact places.  i intend on writing universal to try to get a replacement copy, but in the meantime, i am very disappointed with the quality of this box set
poses, not pratice.i read all these great reviews and must admit i was really disappointed.  i thought it would be a yoga dvd i could do with my child and she could have fun while i got at leaset a litle of my workout in.  wrong.  it is more like a visual encyclopedia of kid quot;yogaquot; poses.  the yoga guy talks about the pose and quot;kid chatsquot; a bunch, but rarely is the one demonstrating the poses. i do not want to suffer though it again for an exact quote but basically he says things like quot;camel pose is great, do you want to be a camel???  camels this and camels that, bla bla bla camelsquot;.  the whole while sitting there looking at you not doing the pose he is talking about and just talking while looking at the camara.  not even telling you what to actually do, just talking up the virtues and fun of the next pose.  i would give it a 5 if it were a 2 part dvd with an actual yoga routen you could do that put all these poses together.  the host talks longer than you do the pose it felt like.  definately not a break a sweat or high energy dvd.  lots of down time and chatter with no flow or routen.  it will not remain on my shelf.  if you are looking for a dvd with tons of talk and lots of gaps between movement than this is the one for you
the story of rubin carter, according to rubin carter.the first thing you should know about the hurricane is that it was based on two books, one of which (the sixteenth round) was written by rubin carter...the second thing you should know is that rubin carter is not a man of exemplary honesty...the third thing you should know is that the other book (lazarus and the hurricane) on which this movie was based was written by two of the canadians who bought into carter's hokum, as have so many after them...i will not go into a point-by-point list of the patently false claims that carter makes in his book, since other posters here have already done a good job of that. instead, i'd like to offer some reactions to those here who have given this movie glowing reviews. these are divided into three groups...the first is composed of those who did not know they were taken for a ride. if you belong in this group, i do not fault you. hollywood has a way of perpetrating some very repugnant deceptions on the unsuspecting public. but let me ask you this: if you were presented with hard evidence that this movie is just one big lie put forward by the title "hero," would you still rate it highly?..if your answer is "yes," then you belong in the second group, those who gave this movie a thumbs-up on the basis of its being a powerfully moving drama, and never mind the glaring factual inaccuracies. to this group, i have this to say: if a filmmaker wants to present a true-life story, he has a responsibility to see to it that he has his facts right. it's called integrity, and it means placing truthfulness far above profitability. you say this is a dramatization and not a documentary? well, even a dramatization should be done with some integrity. i can go along with some minor embellishments here and there, but when a movie is based on a series of disgustingly blatant lies and tries to pass itself off as a true story, that, in my book, is unforgivable. and so what if it was a rival studio that went out of its way to expose this movie's dishonesty? vested interest does not render their arguments invalid...finally, to the third group, those who actually believe that carter is in fact a martyr-scholar, i ask you to please open your eyes. there is absolutely no documentation to support carter's claims that he defended his friend from a pedophile, that he was a civil rights activist, that he was robbed of a crucial ring victory, and so many other proclamations aimed at propping up his hero image. on the other hand, there are reams of documents that present virtually irrefutable evidence that these very proclamations are a product of one man's delusional fantasies. you say that cal deal, the man behind graphicwitness.com, is a racist? please visit graphicwitness.com /carter/racism.html. also, know this: deal went into the rubin carter case actually believing that carter was innocent. it took just one interview for deal to see the many glaring inconsistencies in carter's statements. he went on to uncover numerous documents and testimonies that exposed carter as a liar...many accounts today have it that carter is a changed man. i sincerely hope this is a real change, and not just a show. but whatever the case, the fact remains that he owes it to the public to admit that his book and this movie are just a lot of hogwash. ..i'm not counting on that, though
all lies, an attack on america....for what purpose these lies about the life of this man? are the liberal film makers racists who don't believe that there is a good black man to depict on film so they have to lie? if someone wanted to write fiction about a badass black fighter on the cusp of super stardom who is framed for a murder then be my guest. hurricane carter is not and was not that man...facts:.in the movie denzel washington is shown in military garb with more medals on his cheat than colin powell. they want to drive home the point that here was a man who served his country and is now about to be screwed by it. fact is carter was kicked out of the army after being court mashalled 4 times!..in a title fight scence with an italian american fighter named giodello carter is depictied as beating this man pillar to post only to be screwed out of the decision he so richly deserved. fact, giardello deserved to win that fight according to the overwhelming number of experts who have viewed it then and now on tape. the depitction is another lie...another lie is this notion put forth in the movie that hurricane was on the verge of getting that title before mean white bigots framed him for this murder. fact is that carter's boxing career was going down hill and he had only won 8 of his last 15 fights. as carter's boxing career failed he became more militant in his political views and hated white people. while in prison he was diagnosed to be psychotic. yeah a psychotic racist is the model for black america. shame...norman jewison must not think much of black folks to make a movie of lies like this. denzel washington should be ashamed he participated in such trash. those who produced this trash bet that the average public would be gullible enough to believe these lies with no attempt at knowing the truth and hollywood didn't care; they just like the message. looking at these reviews i have to say they made a good bet. america bashing and race baiting is alive and well, earning oscars and making for big box office. a shame.
defective merchandise.i received the dvd and it skips, i was very dissatisfied.  i would have returned it , but since i have never had a problem before, i had thrown the receipt away.  patrice trace
much worse than i ever imagined.after enjoying "cowboy bebop" and "samurai champloo", someone recommended checking out "flcl" aka "fooly cooly." if you enjoyed those previous titles, i would suggest steering clear of this particular anime. the art is interesting enough but the story is simply lacking, the characters are completely and utterly undeveloped. it almost seems like they are making fun of you for watching their anime. this the second dvd of three and has 40 minutes of programming. i read somewhere that this was not even a real show and that they threw it together to test out new animation techniques-- if you've seen all 6 episodes and are still wondering "what the heck was that" this does not seem to be untrue. please i strongly suggest you skip watching this program because it is, simply put, garbage.
nu-anime at its worst..why do i call this nu-anime?  because its like nu-metal, its watered down anime made extremely stupid and annoying to appeal to the masses, just like nu-metal.  flcl is overrated by a bunch of fat, zit-faced goth girls in high school who can't get laid, listen to nu-metal, play ddr, hate american cartoons for no good reason, and think hayao miyazaki is god. male flcl fans are pretty much the same but 100 pounds lighter. flcl belongs in the "nu-anime" category, along with inuyasha, the boondocks, samurai deeper kyo, and the various anime s*** thats aired on adult swim...back to the show, there's nothing special about it, its basically like excel saga (at least that show was funny) but extremelly stupid and annoying (like spongebob). you basically have this retarted alien girl who hits everything with a guitar and can't play it for s***, she "spices" up the lives of everyone in the town it takes place in. the rest of it is a bunch of retarted pop-culture references mixed with "insane" scenes and a horrible j-pop soundtrack, yet there's legions of fickle americans who think this is genious. ..if you want to watch real anime, not this pop garbage, watch these instead:..akira.armitage: oav series.ghost in the shell.doomed megalopolis.ninja scroll.hellsing.steamboy.astroboy.transformers.wicked city.labluegirl..watching this show doesn't make you different from the jocks or preps, it makes you retarded
great anime, bad anime dvds.why is good anime often under represented or under understood (if that is a word)? greed. flcl is a great anime. but it's only 6 episodes at around 3 hrs. yet somehow the dvd makers felt is necessary to split a 3-hour series over 3 dvds and charge nearly $30.00 bucks a piece for them. i don't buy my anime in the u.s. i buy it overseas. sure i may have to read subtitles, and i might occasionally even unintentionally be purchasing a pirated property (which i try to avoid by usually buying from a select number of dealers and by paying attention to the name of the dvds' producers) but when i can buy an entire 26-episode series (like cowboy bebop or witch hunter robin) on 3 dvds for less than the price of one of those dvds in the u.s. that only has three or four episodes of the same series (with all the quot;extrasquot; - some sketchbook drawings amp; trailers for other dvds aren't exactly extras in my book!), i'll pick reading any day (especially since dubbed english dvds are becoming more prevalent overseas). dvd producers will say that they have to charge that much because it's a niche market, etc. all i can think is that it will never stop being a niche market until people can see an entire series without having to pay $100.00-$300.00 to watch it
why?.theres only one word to describe this ppv and thats s**t, why did they have to ruin 2 matches(main events) what could have saved this event! this features 4 titles on the line and if you buy the dvd you also get some extras...match 1 .world tag team titles - fatal fourway.chris jericho and christian(c, i call them y2c) vs lance storm and william regal vs dudley boyz vs booker t and goldust!.this match made every body think the ppv was gonna be great(even though it was'nt) but a great opener and the winners of this match deserved the titles! 7.5/10..match 2.edge vs a-train.short match but had some good highspots, but the end turned the whole damn match around when it ended in dq! 6/10..match 3.eddie gurrero(tag team champion) vs chris benoit.easily the match of the night and there were'nt any titles on the line and if you liked this you should watch there match at vengeance 2003! 8.8/10..match 4.kane vs batista(w/ ric flair).this is where everything changes this match was a squash but had some good moves good win for batista! 5.5/10..match 5.triple threat match - womens championship.trish stratus vs jacqueline vs victoria(c).we've got jezabell(victoria)whos absessed with trish and jackie was added in since she beat jezabell. jezabell wins via hitting trish with the title and covering jackie! 5.5/10..match 6.single match - wwe championship.the big show(c) vs kurt angle.not bad but just needed either more time or better action, it was .cool seeing brock f5ing big show and kurt angle being new champion! 7.5/10..                          main event.match 7 .2 out of 3 falls match - world heavyweight championship.1st fall - street fight- 8/10.2nd fall - cage match- 6/10.3rd fall - ladder match 2/10.triple h(w/ ric flair) vs shawn michaels(c).this was something like the second 2 out of 3 falls stipulation match and was a main event outcome: pathetic! first fall was a bit too long but was really good like there match at summerslam!.second fall had crashing tables and that was it, that was cool but it was much of a match hbk kicked hhh ass easily! third fall was'nt much and this match could have saved this event! 7.9/10..overall armageddon 2002 had some good matches escpecially benoit vs eddie the 2 main event could have been much better though!.overall: 6.7/10..dvd extras:..- 5 exclusive interviews.- extra match: fatal four-way elimination match to determine the number 1.  contender (from smackdown - 5th december 2002
don't waste your money.unless your almost dead this dvd is just too easy and is not really yoga. i have an old rodney yee vhs 20 minute tape that was great for a quickie and thought this was the same in dvd. it is not
not for seniors.i have tapes by lelias and peggy cappy which are mild and for beginners. the a.m. part of this is mild and rod yee is adequate. the p.m. portion by pat walden moves too quickly and without timely explanations. i am in my 70's and some of these postures are impossible for me as they would be for any beginner of senior age. another big minus is that the production seems as interested in                                          shooting beautiful scenery  as they are in the yoga positions. even though the scenery in death valley and the hawii beaches are dramatic -- there is no excuse for having long distance shots of yoga positions. this is not for beginners or seniors
disappointing.this should be titled pre-beginner.  the morning exercise hardly even gives you a stretch.  it really is just a waste of time.  the afternoon exercise is a little more of a stretch, but neither is close to being a good solid yoga stretch/workout.  i am just a beginner, but this is totally a waste of time and very limited energy.
clearly no where near as good as "suspiria"!!.like many of you argento fans, i had heard a lot about "deep red" and some people even considered it to be argento's best work.  so, i just had to buy it.  however, after viewing the movie, i respectfully disagree with the opinion about "deep red" being argento's best work.  while it is true that "deep red" is a bit more coherent with regard to plot development, the movie's atmosphere is no where near as effective as argento's superior work in his true masterpiece named "suspiria"..."deep red" is about a pianist who observes part of a murder and becomes obsessed with figuring out the identity of the murder and the mystery behind the killings.  unfortunately, the movie drags on and on, way too long to keep one's interest consistently with respect to a typical plot development with a beginning/introduction, rising action, climax and falling action.  ..in "deep red", you have a murder in the beginning that is fairly impressive, but the subsequent murders, mystery and investigation by marc daly are not equally as impressive.  unlike "suspiria", the score and music that is utilized to create a chilling atmosphere and horror movie like theme is rather ineffective and i would argue that the movie that is played during the kills is more akin to the kind of music that is played during a trash pornographic film rather than a horror movie...the effect is damaging to the movie's ability to inspire a horror like theme within a sophisticated horror movie audience.   ..there is a great deal of "much ado about nothing" in the body of this movie called "deep red".  for that reason, the movie is largely ineffective as a horror movie.  there are parts of the movie that are good and there is a kind of horror like atmosphere at times, but overall, the movie works more like a mystery and suspense thriller without the thrills necessary to make it work as such.  ..overall, the kills aren't that impressive (notwithstanding the first murder) really and as the movie drags on, the viewer becomes disinterested and frustrated at times.  the identity of the killer, while somewhat unexpected, is really a downer when one considers the prowess or lack thereof associated with this villain.  i agree with a previous reviewer that "deep red" is too long and drawn out...there are periods of time when nothing really happens and the result is a fairly dull movie.  while there are times when a horror movie like atmosphere could be argued to be present in this movie, it is nowhere near as effective as the horrifying atmosphere present in argento's stylish "suspiria".  ..in short, i highly recommend the classic "suspiria" as argento's true horror masterpiece over that of the dull and often insipid "deep red".  to be honest, two stars might be a bit generous for "deep red" as with regard to its merits as a horror movie.
masterpiece? yeah right!!.i truly am a fan of horror, even italian horror. esspecially since i'm italian. i loved dario argento's work like suspiria,.phenomena, bird with the christal plumage. but come on deep red his masterpiece???!!!! .we should all have guts to admit it, this movie is soooo dull!!.it drags on and on and on. and then the killer, it's hilarous!..i even thought phantom of the opera was beter than deep red, i really don't understand all the hype...if you want to see dario's masterpiece check out suspiria, tenebrea or bird with the crystal plumage!
a huge disappointment.like most people, i loved the original friday - a true classic. i had heard that this one wasn't as good, so i rented a copy just to check it out for myself...this movie is straight-up garbage. mike epps can't carry chris tucker's jock. what a waste of what could have been a very good movie series...stick with the original; don't waste your time or money on this one
i don't get it.i really wanted to like this film, but i just don't get it. i have to agree with reviewer marc. .if you love the type of european cinema which is slow, dark, and sinister, then you'll like this. if you prefer something more lively, you won't.
well, it did arrive promptly ....... after that it was a total disappointment. there was little to no useful information  constant repetition of the same interview pieces, historical perspectives  even the exact graphics throughout all 3 programs. i have no more knowledge of any facts behind string theory than i did before. at best this could have been one glitzy  mostly pointless program .. instead, nova gave us 3 full hours that said the same things over  over  over again. with brian greene trying his best to be the second coming of carl sagan  failing miserably. clearly a case of the producers stretching out limited content to fill 3 commercial time slots. i expected so much more  will look deeper next time before i buy.
just ok.the show lost it's zip by season 7. the chemistry wasn't the same. the scripts had gotten watered downyou could sense a show just going through the motions on quite a few of these episodes.the show had it's last real peak during season 4.i still enjoy watching the show though
love samuel l. jackson but not as coach carter.samuel l. jackson seemed somewhat tame in this movie, yet still believable as a coach of a high school in a rough neighborhood. i thought it could have been a little shorter but the time but it's only 76 minutes. that's pretty short. if it was 90 to 120 minutes i guess i would have been as restless as a 6 year old at church. it's kind of dull.
mccourts of new york.very disappointing.disjointed effort on behalf of a mccourt nephew. seems  more like a school project rather than the touching journal that resulted  in angela's ashes. some frames are out of focus(not an effect). too much  focus on malachy, not even-handed. turned a well-intentioned story into a  drudgery. not even enough photos that would have made the difference
missing disc.this product did not include the second disc of the set, instead including a second copy of the third disc.  this is quite intolerable
oh puh-leeze!.lame, lame, lame, lame, lame, lame. i refuse to buy this, and i agree with the other fans who say so much is missing! it's like wb went out of it's way to put out the absolute worst collection of the man's vids. what about that 15 min version of america? or i would die 4u/baby i'm a star w/ sheila e.'s band and the revolution? what about prince and sheila e. doing 'a love bizarre' live? now those are videos i want to own! especially that extended concert version of 'america' with eddie m. and eric leeds battling sax's! at the time the revolution was clearly the best band in the world, and then when prince is yelling crazy things at the crowd and then gets on the drums at the end still gives me chills upon chills everytime i watch it . hey head execs at wb: you guys are idiots. you obviously own the rights to all this stuff. here's an idea! release it so i don't have to keep breaking out the ol' vcr
quot;when doves cryquot; is missing?.then why bother?  this is terrible for the true prince fan, warner needs to come out with a better dvd compilation...  truly disappointing
i too agree with kenny..this is the most pointless show ever. seeing baby's fart and dogs biting crotches and people degrading themselves by making themselves look like complete dumbasses is funny? have the brains of america been this simplified? this is a show that belongs on mtv- it has all of the traits an mtv show has: it's pointless, it's pointless, umm... it's pointless... and, well, it's pointless! if you wan t a show with humor (not to steal anything from danny), watch the simpson- the funniest show ever along with family guy. why would anyone want to watch a show about people acting like complete idiots? mtv rocks, maybe.
america's retardest home videos!.wow this show sucks.  bewtween the god damn overdone unfunny falling down videos (hard to think something like that is funny) to bob faggot (bob saget, nuff said), this show has sucked from the beggining.  i can't wait till this show ends.  this show never was good, all it is is some middle aged (usually) dumb*** jumping around like a retard.  this show gets stale, especially when the jokes just get so overdone, it's mind dumbing s***.  even the funny videos are ruined by the st upid host...sure, this show had it's moments, but most of it is just retarded. get family guy, the simpsons, or south park for good comedy.  of course, you can just watch your boring stuff.  thi
ugh.this is an extremely dry anime.  the manga version by masamune shirow is filled with bits of humor.  not so for the anime.  the character batou was especially funny in the manga, but, for reasons unknown, he is the driest character in the already humorless anime version..expect long scenes filled with monotonous talking.  these really make the movie crawl.  one minute there's action, next you're listening to matoko or batou go on and on about existentialism.  seriously, these little talks, take up 3/4 of the movie..the visuals are awesome, no question about that.  even so, they do not fulfill the need for some kind of thread of a story.  altogether, not much actually, happens during the movie..if you must see it, rent it first to be sure you want it
what's all the fuss about?.before i review, i'd like to clear something up: i am a very latecomer in seeing this movie. i was introduced to the ghost in the shell franchise through the new anime series airing on adult swim, ghost in the shell: standalone complex. i absolutely love that show, and so i figured eventually i'd have to get around to seeing the movie, which i knew full well shares no connection with the show. they're both seperate interperetations of the comic series of the same name, (which i have not read, so i don't know which is more accurate) but the tv series is exponentially better than this movie in almost every concievable way...there are many things i don't like about this movie, the biggest being poor pacing. the plot for the movie is actually surprisingly straightforward once you cut away all the filler, but that's the biggest problem. there's not really enough story to last a full-length feature, because it seems almost like it was originally written with the intention of being a 30 minute short. and since they didn't have the budget to load the movie up with action scenes (there are barely any, and they aren't very impressive for the most part) they had to slow the story down with drawn out conversations that you won't understand more than 60% of, and camera shots that last for what feels like minutes where we're looking at either nothing, or a woman's nipples. that's not cinematic artistry, that's being either lazy or perverted...the animation itself isn't even that good, especially considering that this is was a theatrical release from only 10 years ago. it's choppy, and there's not really a whole lot of detail (except when it comes to women's nipples). looking at just the animation, if i didn't know better, i'd have thought this movie was an ova from the 1980's...the only thing i can really say i liked about this movie was that it was ghost in the shell. it's probably kind of like how i didn't see the 1989 batman movie until years after i'd been spoiled by batman the animated series, and couldn't bring myself to like it for any reason other than that it was batman. everything about the tv series is superior to this movie: the animation, the stories, the character developement, the production values... i could go on for an entire page about how much better the tv series is...in short, if you're you're at all interested in the gits franchise, do yourself a favor and rent the dvds of the tv show instead. you'll find a lot to love, but i can't say the same about the movie. my dream is that someday alex proyas will give us a gits movie that lives up to what i would hope for after watching standalone complex
a terrible movie.if this director was trying to see how many ugly stereotypes he could cram into 111 minutes i think he succeeded. if you want to see a golf movie see any of the bobby jones flicks or better yet get some clubs and learn this wonderful game. you'll meet great folks whether its public or club golf.
bad hamburger.this movie gets 2 stars and not 1, only because the story is historically accurate. however, the acting, the photograpy and even the sound quality of this movie are all less than impressive. .try "we were soldiers" instead.
sleeper!.i don't see what people like about this movie. i found it.to be very boring. i liked full metal jacket, pearl harbor,.and saving private ryan, a whole lot more than this dud
overrated.this movie has been praised for it's technical depictions, and indeed the guns, uniforms and sounds of battle are quite realistic...  the problem is that everything that goes into making a movie; dialog, plotting, pace, acting, and especially directing, are all terrible.  this makes the film seem quite unrealistic, with dialog composed with authentic slang, but with the atmosphere of a profane elementary school play from 1969...  i would also note that beyond the problems created by the lack of moviemaking skill plentifully in evidence, the movie tries to draw a heroic message not just from the men, but from a war that scarcely deserves it.
dissapointing second season with some good moments.overall i found the season to be a big bore. i am not a hugh fan and season 1 was pretty good but not great but i had to watch this season and will continue to watch the other season's. the season started good but went downhill fast becouse nothing happend you can miss all season adn it will be right were you left off. there are good moments like the last few episodes were really good. overall not a great second season
ignorant.i dont want to see these yuppie kids on this ignorant tv show. this is crap. how can you stand to watch this garbage
a sad end to what could have been a great franchise.the 1999 film "the mummy" (tm) was one of my favorite action adventure movies in recent years.  the characters were interesting, the cast was awesome, and the story was fun.  it turned out to be somewhat of a surprise hit so a sequel was inevitable.  ..unfortunately the sequel, "the mummy returns" (tmr) has almost none of the magic the first film posessed.  in fact it feels like the film makers just exploited the fans of the first by cranking out a sequel before they had a decent script.  there is a fair amount of action and more than enough cgi, but the plot and the script are just not as good as the original. the movie takes several silly flights of fanatasy that include a flying ship and some undead pygmies that live in a forest in the middle of the desert.  tmr takes so many liberties that it actually rewrites some of the storyline from the original.  without giving any spoilers we now have a unexplainable backstory that links evie, rick and the mummy.  there is also a inexplicably resurrected anck su namun whose existance conflicts with the very premise of the first movie.  the biggest let down to me was the change in evie's character.  in the first she was a bookish nerd who when asked who she was while drunk, proudly proclaimed "i, am a librarian!"  gone was the feisty little nerd that used her brains not her braun.  instead she is a female version of her now husband rick and that completely changes their chemestry.  in the first they rely on each other's strengths, her the brains, him the cunning.  in tmr though they are both the prototypical indiana jones characters with no chemestry what so ever...there are a few bright spots.  john hannah is back as evie's bumbling brother jonathan, although he is a bit underused.  also back is great oded fehr as the mysterious magi warrior ardeth bay.  the opennig sequence with the rock is interesting but he is barely in the movie.  in my opinion the best scene in the movie had to be the duel between particia velasquez and rachel weisz...in the end there are not enough bright spots for me to recommend "the mummy returns."  if you were a fan of the original you may want to give this a look, but this fan was disappointed.
why do they always have to make a sequel????.you know, i actually enjoyed the first mummy. it was funny, the idea, not often seen in modern films, was good, and the characters were each, in their own way, entertaining to watch..why, god, why did they have to go and make a sequel? i don't understand. was it for the money???.i'm not sure when exactly i began to hate this; maybe it was somewhere in between the horrible and almost nonexistent plotline and the stupidity of the main characters making the same mistake again. really, you'd think after the first time they accidentally woke a mummy from it's thousand-year rest they'd learn their lesson. but oh, no; the first time wasn't enough.  .and, also, the whole having a kid thing, didn't seem to work. the relationship between the characters wasn't the same anymore. i hate it when they do that in movies: make sequels and give the once-cool, main characters children. nothing against it, just felt wrong for this movie. .throughout most of this movie, i felt stupid, and i don't like for things to make me feel that way. i also felt embarrassed to have actually paid for my tickets at the theater. maybe it's just me; i just didn't like it..question of the day for american cinema: what's the deal with being obsessed with sequels????? come on, the first was good enough..you know what the worst thing is?-i was actually looking forward to seeing this
theron should have to return her oscar for this.bad, bad, bad movie. bad. insipid acting (particularly on theron's part), horrible writing, it's unbelieveable, paper-thin and most of it is truly boring, despite the backdrop of war, death, nazis and paris. it takes a genuine lack of talent to be able to pull that off. while the costuming and the soundtrack are fantastic, the movie looks like it's been set on a soundstage producers would use in the 40's, i had a hard time believing most of the sets were on locatio, and they just looked fake. and the ending, pooh. by that time, you barely care about the characters and hope the thing just ends quickly. a very irritating a cheesy movie, it tries desperately to be aloof and melodramatic at the same time. ugh
**stories  more stories from the acoustic highway**.first off let me start off by saying that i am a very big fan of edwin mccain, his band, and his music.  i bought this dvd thinking that there would be a good bit of live footage with him playing, but was only left with my pocket's empty, and my hopes shattered.  edwin mccains personality is portrayed here, as all other reviewers have said, but that really is all that this dvd does well.  with only about 15 minutes of live music i, as a viewer was left asking myself why edwin and atc records decided to put this disc out.  the only notable music on this dvd is "i'll be".  this is very easily edwin's lowest quality item put out, lacking the passion, and originiality that so many of us know him by.  a noteworthy story, if not the only one is the story of how he wrote i'll be, and the only reason that it is noteworthy, is not because it is a great story, but rather i'll be is a great track.  so if you have money to spare, and time to waste then you can buy this dvd, but unless edwin releases a new dvd i suggest, that you stick to his cd's
a disappointing adaptation of a great novel!."the door in the floor" is difficult to like, even, (or perhaps especially), if you're a fan of john irving's book, "a widow for one year," which was the source of this film. ..the movie is dark, depressing,  slow-moving. it also showcases the least likable characters from the book. to make matters worse, it focuses only on the first third of the novel's story, which leaves us with an entire movie about an alienated, ( alienating), couple's suffering. the film is completely devoid of the novel's interesting  more enjoyable journey through this tragic period of a family's life  into the more fulfilling chapters in the lives of characters who aren't well developed in the film, but who are central to the book's satisfying end to an otherwise hopelessly sad story! ..this may give you an idea why the film wasn't very successful with audiences. ..the theme is of deep personal loss and the devastating effects it can have on people. unfortunately, the film version of the story concentrates almost entirely on the agony experienced by the parents, played by jeff bridges  kim basinger, in the aftermath of the accidental death of their two teenage sons. it wallows in the empty chasm that's grown between them  delves into the sad, meaningless,  even cruel love affairs they each engage in, in vain attempts to ease their sorrows  escape the pain of the love lost between them  of course, the greatest loss, the loss of their sons. the film also highlights the rather ugly way this couple inflicts damage upon the people they use for this purpose. ..and finally, we witness the pain of their very young daughter, who was born out of yet more of the parent's attempts to fill their empty, sad lives, and we're treated to a view of her pitiful childhood, growing up with parents who truly "aren't there." ..the greatest mystery for me is why the screenwriter chose to tell just a small slice of the story of this great novel, and even worse, why they chose to "bring to life" only the most depressing and frankly least interesting parts of it! if the theme of loss is one you're very interested in, you might find this movie quite affecting.  as for me, a great fan of the book, i can only hope that someday someone makes a better  more complete adaptation of this great book. it's not nearly as desperate  sad a story as this film version!..on subsequent viewings i've grown to appreciate this film a bit more. taken completely apart from the novel, it's not a "bad" film. undoubtedly, the performances are wonderful, however little fun they are to watch.
pretty dissapointing, very dark.other than for the stars that were in the cast, i never would have bought this dvd
most boring idiotic pointless anime i've ever watched.nothing happens.  nothing!  you watch for...what 5 to 6 hours to discover the rediculus "blue" is just here to wipe out the earthlings because of overpopulation.  big deal!..anyone who gives this thing a more than two don't know what story telling is all about.  soon as i can i'm getting rid of this crap.  you don't want to be bored silly by a pointless story that goes nowhere don't get this thing.
the squatter as hero.in terms of both format and style, "rent" - despite its superficially modernist tendencies - has its roots firmly planted in the grand old operatic tradition.  yet, it suffers from the weakness common to most modern musicals in which the characters sing virtually nonstop throughout the entire production - which is that it makes it hard for the audience to connect with the characters.  in more traditional musicals, the long stretches of spoken exposition between song-and-dance sequences serve as an opportunity for the audience to get to know the characters as recognizable, flesh-and-blood human beings.  this is less of a problem with a florid romantic fantasy like "phantom of the opera," which seems a natural for this type of approach, but with material like "rent," which is small in scale and intimate in scope, the constant singing serves as a distancing device for the audience.  i know that this play (and, perhaps now, even the movie) has generated a passionately loyal fan base who considers "rent" practically sacrosanct and therefore beyond criticism, but to someone, like myself, coming cold to the work, "rent" adds up to much less than the sum of its parts...the story, a modern day update of "la boheme" set in greenwich village, starts on christmas eve, 1989, and ends on christmas eve, 1990.  this was at the height of the aids epidemic, and, indeed, many of the film's characters - primarily gay men and former junkies - are struggling with the disease (aids being the modern equivalent of the consumption used in the original story).  there's also a wheezy subplot involving a real estate company that wants to evict the starving artists (one is tempted to call them "deadbeats") from a building in order to further their diabolical scheme of re-developing a city block..."rent" - with its noble "performance artists" doing battle against the big bad corporate bullies - feels less like a relic from the `80's than one from the `60's.  though intended to be the heroes of the piece, the artists and bohemians often come across as nave, painfully self-absorbed, and annoyingly self-righteous, an attitude epitomized by one of the characters rigging a local atm machine so that his buddies can withdraw unlimited amounts of money from it using his dead boyfriend's name (the heavily allegorical "angel") as the password (this is somehow supposed to be seen as admirable and a tribute to the spirit of the dead man).  anything`s better than actually working, i suppose, and becoming a tool of corporate america.  when one of the men finally takes a dreaded "job" ( a mere sinecure, i might add) so that he can actually pay the rent he owes (horrors!), he acts as if he is selling his soul to satan, and has to have two of his lady friends accompany him to the interview for moral support and to offer him assurances that he will still be able to live with himself even after he has soiled his hands with the dirty mammon from an honest-to-god paycheck.  i wonder why it never occurs to any of these characters that the capitalist system they loathe so deeply is also helping to produce drugs that will one day lead to a possible cure for the disease that afflicts them. ..with the exception of newcomer rosario dawson, the filmmakers have retained most of the original broadway cast members for the movie, and even though their acting isn't all that impressive, some of them do very well indeed at singing and dancing.   in his direction, chris columbus has broken away from the confines of the original production, but he never manages to bring us into the world of the people we're watching.  despite the constantly tracking - sometimes even spinning - camera he has chosen to employ, the film still feels stagy, over-stylized and artificial in almost every scene.  ..as to the libretto by the late jonathon larsen, only one tune strikes me as truly memorable, while the rest all sound like repetitive musical doodling.  one of the problems, too, with having so much of the conversation sung rather than spoken is that the lines are sometimes so utilitarian, pedestrian and prosaic - when they aren't pseudo-intellectual drivel on the order of "the opposite of war isn't peace; it's creation" - that they become unintentionally funny when set to music.  it's not for nothing that the sharks and the jets didn't actually sing out most of their confrontations.  ..there are, admittedly, some very moving passages in the last half hour of the film as the disease finally begins taking its grim toll on several of the characters, but those moments of quality are completely undercut by one of the silliest copout endings i have ever seen in a motion picture.  in that one crucial moment, the movie descends to the level of low comedy and farce, taking any pretensions to seriousness right down the drain with it. ..i don`t question for a moment the basic humanity and sincerity of the people responsible for "rent" (or of its many devoted followers), but it`s hard to get too worked up over a story whose premise seems to be that people - especially "sensitive" artists - should be allowed to live on other people`s properties for free
unadvisable.i thought i was going to see something of roy orbinson.  it was only in the title of the name.  i could not watch it when it became vulgar with offensive material.  it is too bad to have a good story with great actors lowering its potentially good quality with such degrading vulgarity. there are better ways of getting this aspect of the story across with such depiction.  silly me, i should have checked the rating.  i "assumed" it safe as it would involve our beloved roy orbinson.  i was sadly and horridly disappointed and cannot in conscience recommend it to anyone at anytime.  by the way,i destroyed the tape in good conscience.  watch at your own eternal risk
an astonishingly conventional film that isn't nearly as subversive as it thinks it is.let it first be said that everyone who considers themselves a serious student of film should see "blue velvet" on principle alone-- this review is intended for people who have seen it, and thus contains spoilers...david lynch's "blue velvet" is that rare breed of film: an .unquestioned modern masterpiece, upheld by imdb geeks and .entertainment weekly-pop culture hounds as something truly .special. everybody seems to like it, and everybody's got .their own reason. some see it as allegory, some simply as a .living nightmare, some as genuinely effective drama, some as .a coming-of-age story...i've seen "blue velvet" three times now. the first time, i .admit a prejudicial point of view-- i wanted to prove roger .ebert right in his criticism of it, because ebert was my .hero at the time. i was unimpressed. later, i returned to it .after a number of critics upheld it as .the genuine article. i'd seen mulholland drive and lost .highway, and loved both of them-- perhaps i was more .prepared for lynchian weirdness this time around. nope. i .was still unimpressed, although i was entranced by the .visual look of the film...recently, i found myself picking it up again, after .seeing mulholland drive with an artsy group of friends who .were convinced that they could explain everything that .happened in it to me, and pretty much did (except for the .blue box and the scene with the huge dude who knocks out the .director's wife). with an increased appreciation of lynch, i .returned to what most consider his masterpiece, ironically .enough, prejudiced in its favor this time around. ..well, i'm still not impressed. "blue velvet" thinks it's so .damn cool and subversive. it thinks it's turning americana .on its head by depicting sexual perversion behind white .picket fences. i don't think it's doing anything at all...granted, for forty minutes or so, "blue velvet" is compelling. from the opening scene to the discovery of the ear all the way up to  dennis hopper's unforgettable apperance and including the dream sequence afterwards, lynch had me hooked. he seemed at that point to be ready to go for broke, to show us unimaginable horrors, to penetrate through to the .darkest aspects of human nature...yet something odd happens after the forty minute mark-- the story that we thought was gradually unfolding into something complex and sinister stops unfolding altogether. after forty minutes, we have all the plot we're going to get. we have a woman held in sexual slavery by a drug dealer who has kidnapped her husband and son, we have the naive college kid who tries to help her out, we have the sweet high school girl he's falling in love with, and that's all we have. those expecting "blue velvet" to "go somewhere" from this point will be sorely disappointed. ..in the end, "blue velvet" goes down an entirely conventional path towards its conclusion. instead of exploring the hopper character, lynch makes him into a campy villain. instead of exploring the rosellini character, lynch makes her into a conventional damsel in distress, longing after her husband and son. instead of exploring jeffrey, lynch turns him into an uninteresting do-gooder. the latterchoice is particularly odd, given that lynch has set him up to have his whole world turned upside-down-- yet he heroically takes everything in stride and saves the day...most egregious of all is the resolution of the plot, which .i've got to assume is intended as a joke on the viewer. .after all of lynch's pretensions about inverting americana, .he gives us a reaffirmation of it, in the form of a .conventional ending in which a simple act of violence .restores the natural order of things, the robins make .everything better, and, gee, everything's just great! even .though i'm sure this is intended as ironic, i found myself frustrated anyway. if lynch isn't going to take his art seriously, why should the viewer?..i don't want to seem like i'm making an attack on lynch, although it may seem that way, as i'm criticizing his most canonized work. lynch has proven that he is capable of taking himself seriously, and developing stories that go places-- even if they work with a logic that conventional films do not. "blue velvet," by contrast, goes nowhere and does nothing truly unusual or interesting in the process. i've endeavored to work my way around to enjoying it, but i can't. it simply is not interesting, as a dramatic work, or even as an abstract collection of images. ..i would direct those who want to see lynch at his best to "twin peaks: fire walk with me," "lost highway" (my personal favorite), and "mulholland drive." these are virtuoso films that see the director exploiting the most fearsome resources of cinema to lead his viewers on journeys that begin and end, with point and purpose. they are masterpieces, and no matter what anyone tells you, they make sense if you are willing to do the intellectual heavy-lifting. ..compared to these later works, "blue velvet" is positively forgettable.
blah, blah, blah.blue velvet, adored by all gothics, sm enthusiasts, and geeky, self-described (i.e., uneducated) 'film buffs,' leaves you with the same exasperation and puzzlement endemic to david lynch films.  proponents of blue velvet will tell you that it explores the 'dark side' of everyday life, what mainstream america doesn't really want to address...don't buy into it.  lynch's vision cannot stand in for anything that most of us will ever experience, and its absurd exaggerations drive the point home.  perhaps the problem is watching this movie with twenty years worth of perspective, or maybe it was always this mediocre; whatever the case, dennis hopper is more overdramatic than scary, and (again, as is the m.o. of lynch) the plot is hardly satisfying.  the characters make irrational choices, with absolutely no explanation (why does laura dern suddenly forget that her new boyfriend has been sleeping with the psychotic woman they have been watching?).  the final scene is particularly troubling...not because it 'shakes the foundations of cinema and everyday life,' but because it plays out without any coherence (the shady detective standing in the apartment, with no explanation for why he is suddenly immobile?).  .if you've seen mulholland drive or lost highway, you will not be surprised by the seemingly arbitrary confusion lynch too often indulges.  whereas other experimental filmmakers seem to have a point to make with their choices, one has the feeling that lynch instead constructs a pseudo-mystery without bothering to let the audience ever understand.  in all fairness, at the time of blue velvet lynch had not yet reached the stage of simply throwing unconnected and unexplained plot twists into his film; still, most viewers will be left wondering what the hell they just watched, and why it has been canonized in american cult-cinema.
mis-lead by amazon.i also bought this movie (my 4th it's a wonderful life) because amazon listed it as color.  i'm pissed that i own yet another bw version.  wake up amazon
it's not in color.i bought this as a birthday present for my mom because she used to have the it's a wonderful life in color on vhs.i recored over this vhs about 5 years ago, and i have felt terrible ever since. amazon said that this edition was in color, so i decided that this was a perfect gift for my mom. i received the dvd today, and i am so dissapointed that it is not color? why did they tell us it wasn't
 unprovoking. impressive spoken-italian. cate blanchett, bald..this film is boring and very disconnected. the highlights for me were hearing cate blanchett (brava!) and giovanni ribisi (also bravo, but work on the `chiesa') speak italian. in gone in 60 seconds, giovanni, who must be a second generation italian-american, plays kit's little brother. in this film, he's a carabiniere that translates for cate blanchett, the (british) english teacher of giovanni's brother...the setting is turin, or torino as the 2006 olympic winter games are officially titled. cate blanchett speaks excellent italian. unfortunately, though, neither of the americans really speak enough italian, and both of them revert to english or awkward silence (e.g. ribisi mumbling `grazie' to their host on the farm) throughout the film...i read the back of the dvd case and had dramatically different expectations about the plot. like, where's the mafia, the drug dealers, the husband? the movie revolves around cate's inadvertent slaughter of innocent children and her eventual getaway with ribisi. thumbs down. uninspiring end
cate, we need to talk.yeah, so blanchett's character plants a bomb to kill a drug dealer. where would an english teacher get a bomb in italy, in a boms-r-us store? and why did not she simply unleash a godzila on that bad guy? then she faints and falls in love with a guy who has as much appeal as my supersonic toothbrush. and that's cate blanchett for you guys. rejoice already. then they shave their heads - a masterful plan to blend with italian peasantry crowds. great. now what do you do when your shaving heads plan thing does not work? jump on a helicopter and end the movie. i don't know... sounds kind of stupid. is it me or the movie
horrible dvd.there is not one reason to purchase this dvd.  neither kids or adults will enjoy it.  i was hoping for something along the lines of america's funniest home videos (without bob saget) but it did not even live up to that weak standard.  a total disappointment.  avoid at all costs unless you enjoy watching overweight folks perform pig calls at a county fair.  that is the type of material (i kid you not) that is on this dvd.  i only hope i can get rid of it on ebay so i don't have to look at it in my dvd collection
you've got to be kidding..this movie is basically about 12 yr. old boys crying with each other.  when does that ever happen?  the dialogue is completely unbelievable considering the age of these kids.  what 12 yr. old worries about "..never getting out of this small town."?  .i guess if your childhood consisted of sitting around and crying with your friends, then you might enjoy this movie in some lame nostalgic sense.  i have a feeling oprah would like this movie.
this just didn't do it for me.maybe i loved the original one too much, but this version of the story did not work for me. i especially was dissapointed in the music and the oompa loompas. stick with the first one. it was perfect
a big waste of time!!!!.i loved the original movie, and i love johnny depp so i thought this movie would be awesome.wrong wrong wrong!! first of all, the child actors were horrible, well the charlie and mike characters were ok, but the two girl actors were the worst i've seen in a long time. and what did they do to johnny depp? he was so creepy and weird. i took my nine year old to see it in the theater, and even she almost fell asleep. if you really want a treat watch the original with gene wilder
euuuwww......creepy!.this movie creeped me out and not in a good way. johnny depp is an awesome actor and i usually find him sexy but in this stinker i find him really creepy and gross. maybe it's the michael jackson-ish look he has going on with the black wig and white face. could they have picked a more horrible look for ww? it looked like they took him to a costume store and put a 10$ wig and 5$ clown makup on him! i love tim burton's other movies but this one sucked bigtime! it gives a new perspective on willy wonka but this willy is someone i would keep kids away from. this movie is childish if you're an adult and pales compared to the original. if you're a kid it's way too dark and scary and has some adult humor which will leave kids asking "auntie zoe, what does that mean?" when are screenwriters going to figure it out? either write a kids movie or write a grownup movie!!! it's really hard to do both in the same film. it seems like when writers try to make movies that appeal to adults and kids, they end up appealing to nobody! maybe i am biased because i loved the original gene wilder version. i would have been open to seeing a remake if it was good but this movie was dissapointing. it's amazing how so much money and effort go into special effects and expensive sets and the script itself is hollow with lousy characters. the whole thing just had a creepy vibe with almost sadistic undertones. the only reason i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because i love depp and burton, if you are not a fan of either, don't waste your time with this steaming pile of poo!
amazingly bad--- don't buy it, don't even rent it!.this film is unwatchable-- and the only question is what talented actors like colin firth and minnie driver are doing in this insipid hack job...when it comes to dialogue, not a single word rings true. none of the characters make any sense at all. they are reading lines and getting into situations that are so dull, and so ridiculously unbelievable, that one wonders if the film were written by a group of typing monkeys who happened to hit letters that formed words, rather than a cognizant human being. ..we couldn't get through it, as it was clearly outside the realm of possibility that the clueless writer-director could ever have his characters do anything that anyone else on the planet would care about. i see that view validated by the other reviewers with more persistence who watched this thing until the end...it's amazing he ever got funding for this ultimate turkey
an awful movie..like many others who have reviewed this movie, i can say that i am a huge fan of colin firth and minnie driver.  why they are in this poorly written, poorly edited movie is beyond me.  heather graham is perfectly cast for this b movie; her acting abilities are on a par with the rest of what is going on here...the characters are flat, many of them are just poor characterizations (mary steenburgen is just embarassing as the hotel manager with the fake maine accent....painful to watch.) and they are all unbelievable.  ..i watched it all the way through and wished i hadn't..save your money and get this one out of the library if you have to try it out
stay away from this movie.do not waste your money in this movie.  the story is flawless, there is no chemistry between the main characters and their acting is terrible.  there are gaps in the story and the viewer just can not find any interest in any character main or secondary.  minnie driver's acting is decent but she can not save the movie by her own
stars don't always shine.generally, i think that actors can make a film worth watching even when the script isn't that good. a good performance can make an otherwise unremarkable script seem better than it is. but actors like colin firth, an actor with a quiet, almost passive acting style, cannot hope to compete with this stultifying, cloying, saccharine screenplay. this movie goes back and forth on a linear timeline for virtually the entire 92 minutes, creating the feeling that there has been no passage of time at all. it's suffocating, a static, energy-sapping, eyelid-drooping tour of duty through mark herman's drifting career - as is the cinematography which frames every scene so tight and close that you feel like leaving the room yourself just to get some air. ..besides a limp storyline, the dialogue is frightfully bad, barely a laugh anywhere. that the resolution of the film, colin firth carrying the usually bounteous heather graham - reduced here to some kind of carefully-wrapped, de-sexed, small-town butter queen - for an inordinate distance for no apparent reason other than to use up some of the movie's endless-seeming running time, is pitiful. the payoff to this awkward forced march? when the two begin stripping off their clothes, apparently as prelude to some even more tame lovemaking, guess what? firth's character throws out his back. gales of laughter do not ensue. ..an earlier scene, in which the also usually sexy minnie driver - whose body is arguably superior to that of ms. graham - strips to her negligee, is shot and lit so poorly that we never get the impact of the omnipresent sexuality that is supposed to be driving mr. firth throughout the film. without this sexuality in the two women, firth's desire is muted, confused, and desultory, his performance has nothing to work off of. firth is an actor who requires impetus from his surroundings, from other's characters, and from the story itself. he receives none of this and so begins to appear an even more reluctant player than usual. ..there is usually one person to blame for something like this: the director who, in this case, is also the writer. blame them both, and give the actors a pass on this one.
don"t buy this!!!!!!.i idiotilcy got this dvd because of colin firth, and, as you can see, it sucks. btw, this is not "prasadjonnalagadda" but rather his daughter, he just comes to buy crap, but never reads the reviwes. anyways, i had better time watching a syndicated simpsons' episode than watching this bomb. at first, i thought that this movie might've had some potential because of the suberb stars: colin firth and minnie driver ( good will hunting, won an oscar for it) i did not yet know heather grahm, but after this movie, i hate her now! i will admit, she was alright up until she got drunk in the car. that. was. annying beyond reason...  other than that, the film's set up is absolutly horrible, starting off with colin coming to a town just because it's called hope? and falling in love with someone only after a couple of days? and there is also the horrible music that doesn't fit the mood at all whenever they play at the scene. pepole, i originnaly gave this a 2 star for colin and minnie, but heather is responsible for everything else.
here's the awful truth.this is the perfect show for politically illiterate liberals who need a celebrity to reinforce their trendy, pre-packaged beliefs. sure, this series bears some [contrived] humor; how convenient that renders it invunerable to criticism. don't get me wrong, i'm not some regressive conservative who, with a red face, watched fahrenheit 9/11 and decided to slur michael moore because of his fabricated "misrepresentations and untruths." i guess i'm writing this because i had the misfortune of seeing "the awful truth," and i feel i need to get this off my chest or it will bore itself into my mind until i have an aneurysm. (if i had an aneurysm, i'd definitely make sure my dead body ends up up the shamu tank at sea world. at least i could warp some kids' minds in the process of dying.)..every episode is literally like, "awful fact of the day: some obscure, skewed study shows that americans are dumb and like explosions and i'm michael moore an attention-starved clownboat!" seriously, it's interesting moore critiques "american indulgence" when he thought having a television show for that kind of pseudo-racist content was alright..- thus says the pellingto
michael moore is dishonest and misleading.michael moore's series is just another attempt to create inflammatory sentiment towards conservatives because of his left-wing liberal beliefs. i do believe that it is a useful function in democracy for opposing forces to check one another through vigorous debate. however, it is clear that michael moore is guilty of the very thing he accuses: he distorts the truth to suit his own political purposes. ..in fact, he has even admitted that his documentaries are not based to reflect pure historical accuracy - but rather, tailored and edited piece by piece to fit his own agenda. if this is the case, let's accept his work for what it is, a piece of theatre with maybe entertainment value, but no serious political value
tries hard to be funny, but isn't.tim robbins plays a man who thinks he's discovered his wife having an affair with his boss. he meets up with martin lawrence when lawrence trie to car jack him. they end up working as a team to rob robbins' boss. then they find out his wife isn't having an affair after all and he has to try to fix things. this is an amiable enough movie but has no real laugh out loud scenes and lawrence plays the same mugging boob he always plays and his act gets old fast
lacking of the facts.don't let a propoganda wheel fool you of the truth..1. the miami herald gained access to all florida ballots and did their own recount, at their own time --- who won? bush! ----- http://www.usatoday.com/news/washington/2001-04-03-floridamain.htm..2. there is a case that african american voters were turned away - however, where is the same case for the many haitan american voters who were also turned away in droves, who are known to be sympathetic towards republican causes..the filmmakers had a chance to make a point about voter rights and election problems - they turned this to an attack against president bush and republicans instead..sadly, their message will only be heard by bush-haters, instead of the world, because of their decisio
more proaganda than documentary.bottom line....1. if you liked gore, you will love it and visa versa..2. it is one-sided, plain and simple.  .3. nobody considers the poor inept voter who failed to comprehend a simple ballot, or the responsibility of a voter to unsterstand at least enough english to distinguish "gore from bush".  democrats wanted quantity, and the lack of quality also extended into the indecisive and ambiguous recount procedures that hundreds of lawyers just couldn't get right.
motzart's video collection?.i hate to part company with the other reviewers here, as well as the amazon comments but this not a must have. .i am huge fan of new order and joy division and think they are one of the most important modern western popular bands of the last, almost thirty years for all their well-known contributions to existentilism and furturism in alternative, independent rock. basically inventing post-punk, being one of the inventors of the dance-music, electronica scene a decade before most other bands and accidentaly inventing "goth" music along the way.. not to mention being excellent musicians with a very artsy, deep and humorous sensitivity...but, because they are such a good band it is glarringly obvious that the "rock video" is nothing more than a corporate music business era chore that bands just have to do as part of the job...film critic rodger ebert once said the rock video is "empty."..here, they aren't so much empty as new order's music is so good, just pointless..              i find myself almost angry that a beautiful song such as "ceremony" would have such a terrible video like this(incidently, i do not know what the viewer below is talking about...there is no original version of the "ceremony" video...just this thing). an aweful, unwatchable piece of useless garbage featuring a fellow walking around with a trashbag on his head. i guess that is a reference to the thought process of music video directors. not sure what else it could be. i could only stomach 40 seconds of this filth. i'm afraid after listening to this tune for more than ten years, both joy division's and new order's...the images in mine and in other musician's heads will have to do. unwatchable. trash..the new "tempation" video....embarrasing...watch their concert videos, go see them live or better yet, think for yourself...there are a few winners..."confusion" is a classic and a great video as well as little bit of music history..."perfect kiss" is cool but i've seen it enough and life is short.."touched by the hand of god" is very funny..but ..again..life is short..the only thing i hadn't seen before and actually kind of liked was the gina birch "crystal"..that was a slightly cool workday music industry bit. not important art in anyway....but better than franz fernidad peeing on an art gallery wall like the nazis used to do...videos?..as for the documentary on the other disc. this is much better but is almost 13 years old. there are some excellent joy division clips here. why don't we have a full dvd of all the joy division footage in the world yet? you get many of the same videos on the other disc played in full again on this disco too..in case you're someone like me who hated them enough the first time..some great stuff, a bit of live joy division, great early live versions of 'blue monday", "tempation"..and yes.."ceremony"..the interviews are great as new order speaks like real musicians and their collaborators are an interesting bunch making up a lot of what urban nightlife music culture has been from the late seventies until today on both sides of the atlantic.
getting older not better.the prisoner of azkaban..young harry suffers as an adopted child and family servant. an insulting relative is blown away, and harry leaves too. a magic bus takes him away. the special effects are extravagant, but seem senseless. the oddities are like something out of "star wars", amazing but irrelevant. the `hogwarts' school seems to be overproducing the amount of wizards needed for their economy. or do they have a short life in their future? great power may create great faults...the computer generated images are what makes this film interesting. the hippogriff looks great! let's hope it doesn't drop anything on the students. sirius black has escaped from azkaban, where they keep the wizards who have gone bad. black is said to be going after harry potter! this time we see the game of quidditch played in the rain. the winter scene and the invisible potter recalls "the invisible man". overall there is a creepy feeling to the adult characters in this film. the story begins to drag in the middle, but a big black dog shows up to drag ron into his underground lair. a tree comes to life and attacks harry and hermione. then they find a secret tunnel that leads to the castle and a surprising revelation. [does any of this make sense to you?]..special effects are no substitute for a good story. it seems confused and meaningless. can the wing loading of a hippogriff support three people? all seems to end well given the prior events. professor lupin resigns, his secret life-style has been found out and the parents of his students won't approve of this behavior. parents don't like a teacher who exploits the students.."harry potter" panders to children in giving superhuman powers to a select few who aren't fit to handle these powers. or is this a subtle criticism of the aristocratic ruling class?
i have now seen the stupidest movie ever made!.the cast of boogie nights does the most depressing movie since the passion of the christ.  if you don't feel like being entertained by a movie, and want to be bored, upset, depressed and otherwise sick, watch this [...] one of the worst ever
great acting wasted on a poor script....i've dared to challenge my cinema-going art student friends and uni-mates, amid heated discussions about david lynch, akira kurosawa and such, by confessing that i really didn't like magnolia at all.  i feel that pt anderson does indeed create well-rounded characters, compelling dialogue and stuff like that.  the actors cast in his movies always deliver brilliant performances - but in the end, i really felt magnolia fell short of something more substantial.  it dragged on way too long, the extensive scenes never really seemed to go anywhere and i felt that some serious revisions and editing would have been most beneficial.  there were twists and diversions that didn't really add anything and overall i felt like it was a waste of time which is a shame because some of the scenes featured some great and inspiring acting but maybe they were misplaced.  it didn't really have the sort of message that i couldn't have gotten from a song or another movie in less time and all the symbollic, arty stuff came across as pretentious film-student stuff.  i think pt anderson is highly overrated as a director and his films are way too self-indulgent.  i don't think he's very good at telling a story without going overboard and sending the viewer astray.  with the exception of the performances by julianne moore and tom cruise, i thought this film was terrible
let the media blind you from the truth.i am on a mission. i am out to find un doctored video of what happen that day. in this edition of america remembers is media hog wash. all of the impacts of the planes have been removed so that the victims and the american people are blinded by what really hit those towers. ..although they show 1 to 2 impacts of planes, this stripped down version of the real events hides the truth. ..in this dvd no reports of the hundreds of eye witness accounts that reveal many explosions going on at the twin towers before and after the "planes" hit...there is so much left out of the dvd that i decided to compare it to the first dvd. ..the differences clearly show that a lot more needed to be edited before the public figures out, what really happened that day...this dvd is a one sided slap in the face to victims and americans in general. ..everyone that reads this should call or write cnn and tell them we want the original dvd. not this government version of events of mass murder
disappointing.i wanted an unedited version of the events of september 11, 2001.  what i got was what was edited and went out on the air.  there was no new insight into the event.  it was typically edited by cnn.  i wish fox news had created such a dvd,  i would have preferred that version
this loosely disguised "show" is nothing but a mouthpiece for the liberal agenda of broken marriages, pedophilia,  infidelity!!.this series which presumptuously celebrates and brags about the sodomite lifestyle, feminism and the destruction of the nuclear, traditional family is one of the worst, most inexcusably heinous shows currently disgracing the tv landscape--although that isn't saying much since the ruinous, liberal ideology has for the longest time monopolized pop culture. this desperate housewives series is rebukable on several, equally critical fronts. the first and most infamous is by far its moral vileness;  the second is its horrid status as a mouthpiece for incriminatingly liberal "values"; the third is its low class cast of monotonous, expressionless actors; and the fourth is its either appallingly repetitive plot twists or its idiotically ludicrous tangents it goes off on when it needs to "freshen" its stale storyline...at the first season's start, the viewer is mistreated to the basic concept: mary alice commits suicide, and this sets off the looming, boring storyline about the other four, remaining housewives "intellectually" attempting to solve her death for the rest of the season. at this point, the traditional and moderate american has already been subordinated to the liberal culture war where a family is left motherless with the death of mary alice. liberals love to assault the traditional family with all their sick, "alternative" debaucheries, and the show endorses this through the removal of mary alice (mother) from her family, where we only have a dad/son left. later on, the assault on the traditional family is worsened when the noble concept of adoption is attacked as the real mother of mary alice's son is revealed to have been killed by her adoptive parents, mary alice and paul young...this show is nothing but a disguise of an assault on the traditional family. other families include the divorcee (teri hatcher) whose husband is blamed for the infidelity that ruined their marriage; flagrantly, feminism is viciously alive on this show as hatred is directed to men. another is the van de kamp family which egregiously loathes itself since the parents are trapped in an apparently loveless marriage, while one kid is a flaming, budding sodomite and the other is an uncontrollable villain. the next family involves the felicity huffman character whose troubles raising her purportedly add/hyperactive children derogates the concept of raising kids. the dislike towards the male gender is furthered as her husband comes home to be a demeaning, stay-at-home dad since his wife gets the bigger paycheck--an abnormality which rarely if ever happens in real life!!!! the last family is the most accursed as this depraved show celebrates pedophilia, through the eva longoria character preying on the high-school kid (john), and also infidelity while she rapes him...by the rock-solid and sentencing examples above, it's clear that the incorrigible theme of desperate housewives is the single-minded and malevolent attack and belittlement of the traditional family. this cannot be defied; only if you're a moral relativist who practices pc can you excuse this mischievous show as something that merely serves as entertainment. the culprit for the mercilessly dissolute topics of unwholesomeness is the creator of the show, one marc cherry. cherry is a shamelessly, openly gay sodomite, and his "alternative" (read: irreligious) lifestyle choices are egregiously what influence him to slant the show in such morally bankrupt misdirection...using basic common sense, we see cherry's sodomite lifestyle influencing all the show's plot twists, as cherry likely harbors much, personal resentment towards the traditional family, which likely but rightly shunned his choice of an unorthodox, sodomite lifestyle. when cherry manufactures these scripts about bree van de kamp's son being a closet homosexual who rebels, this blatantly is about cherry's own, frustrated childhood. when cherry writes about all the marriages breaking up, this is merely his thinly veiled bitterness at marriage being protected from sodomite unions recognized legally...to boot, this show's acting by the four, enormously over-the-hill and washed-up fortysomethings is just unpardonable. hatcher acts like the ditzy buffoon; longoria is the slutty tramp; cross is the pasty-skinned robot with no emotion; sheridan desperately shows off her forty-plus body; and huffman acts like the frumpy housewife. their "performances" (read: monotonous impersonations of people) are repetitive and abnormally rehearsed...in conclusion, desperate housewives is one of the worst, most irreparable shows to come out of un-american and liberal hollywood in years. it--under the moral relativist-guise of entertainment--unaccountably celebrates profanity and misconduct to the extreme, and it attacks one of judeo-christian america's most revered institutions: the traditional family. the show is a ghastly train wreck which relies dependently on one crazy plot twist after another to keep the viewer lured because it cannot do so based on storyline, character development and interest alone. one severely suspects that it was created merely to scornfully give some bored, lonely housewives hypothetical situations which they will never find themselves in to alleviate their stay-at-home monotony.
very disappointing!!!!.i got this video thinking it would be like the baby faith videos with fun and creative elements for learing development.  my baby watched about two mintues and was gone.  i think this is pitched as a baby video but it's really more geared toward older children.  none of the elements have anything to do with the music, making is virtually useless as a learning development product.  i give it a big "thumbs down".  try any one of the baby faith products like god made me, god made music and god made animals.  they're awesome!
interesting premise based on celebrities' secret fantasy, but still needs more thrills and actions.`paparazzi,' produced by 20th century fox and mel gibson's icon productions, looks exactly like any celebrity's secret fantasy. but making someone's secret fantasy into a film is not a bad thing at all. what i disliked about `paparazzi' is not the lack of wit or insight into the `jobs' of paparazzi - oh, that's so easy to guess - but the lack of storytelling skill, or its payoff as entertainment. in other words, the story about the rising hollywood star bo laramie who is badly treated by the paparazzi and his secret payback plans is neither thrilling nor intense as revenge fantasy. ..yes, i understand. some paparazzi (if not all) deserve to suffer such a bitter fate as those persistent cameramen who stalk and harass the new hollywood action star bo laramie (cole hauser) and his family. i know some cameramen really do annoying things, and provoke celebrities on purpose in the same way as the mean and sleazy `journalist' rex harper (tom sizemore) does to bo and his son. and suppose his beloved son and wife are hospitalized because of those paparazzi, what should he do?..[clumsy pace and underwhelming payoffs] `paparazzi' is a revenge fantasy that is part based on the reality in hollywood, and the tragic death of princess diana. you just cannot discuss this kind of exploitation film from a moral perspective because these films are purely entertainment in which we see the good guys rewarded and bad guys punished. and i like these films from the days of charles `death wish' bronson. ..`paparazzi,' however, does not let us wallow in this guilty pleasure fantasy enough. in other words, the actions (or bo's revenge) are not thrilling enough and neither are the payoffs. trashy or not, any revenge story must have good amount of thrills in it in order to really taste sweet. but the taste of `paparazzi' is only mild at best. it does not give us enough taste of honey because several ruses bo uses to trap these paparazzi are too far-fetched and even tame, and those paparazzi are also too easy a target for him...bo oversteps the mark because they overstepped it. this questionable formula works only when it does not give enough time for us to think. in spite of its short running time (that barely exceeds 80 minutes), however, `paparazzi' kills its potentially interesting story by its slow and clumsy pace, heavy-handed direction that does not know the right way to tell an intriguing story, and disappointing acting from hauser and sizemore. ..the only thing i find interesting is the cameos from mel gibson, vince vaughn, chris rock, and matthew mcconaughey. otherwise, `paparazzi' lacks power and action that those revenge fantasy should have
formulaic, but watchable..paparazzi (paul abascal, 2004)..paparazzi is best known for being icon production's first released film after the mighty (and mightily money-making) majesty that was the passion of the christ. the icon connection, however, is where any similarity between the two films comes to an abrupt and jarring end. where passion pushed all sorts of envelopes for mainstream american film, paparazzi is simple and formulaic, never rearing its ugly head from the morass of revenge fantasy in which it finds itself bogged...bo laramie (pitch black's cole hauser, looking and acting more and more like his dad by the day) has gone overnight from nobody to superstar thanks to his film adrenaline force. subsequently, he's packed up his family and moved to the suburbs of la to be closer to the set for his new picture (predictably, adrenaline force 2). along with the closeness of the commute, however, comes the mobs of paparazzi. laramie runs afoul of photojournalist rex harper (the always-slimy tom sizemore), who convinces three of his friends to help him put laramie in his place. in doing so, however, they inadvertently cause an accident that lands both laramie's wife (the craft temptress robin tunney) and son (jurassic park iii's blake michael bryan) in the hospital. cue revenge-fantasy music here...the film is watchable, as one would normally expect from this sort of action film. the roles are acted capably enough, though two-dimensionally; it's almost as if hauser, who's made his living mostly playing guys like rex harper, only knows how to play the hero as a square-jawed tarzan type. that's not surprising in an action flick, though, and can be forgiven most times (look at predator 2). where the film becomes moronic to the point of offensive, though, is in the accident scene itself, which is so obviously ripped off from tales of princess diana's death as to be insulting to the intelligence of the average viewer. *
nice lip syncing..there are no real performances here. pretty ladies standing there not actually singing. kinda boring. music is fine if you like celtic yanni, but there's no reason to watch as there is no actual singing. if you are older, or don't feel like quality in music performance matters, perhaps you can overlook this... looks like many people have. fake
youthful war-monger becomes pacifist.i am not a john wayne fan, and believe other reviewers who have pointed out the inaccuracies in 'flying tigers', but i'd like to have the dvd just to take me back to a time (1942) when, at the age of six, i was left with a friend in the united artists theater on shattuck avenue in berkeley, to watch my very first movies - this one, and 'bambi'.  i entered that movie house a dedicated, blood-thirsty fan of blowing enemy folks to bits, and left horrified by having repeatedly watched pilots get their faces shot off behind broken canopy glass.  i had not realized there was so much bleeding in war, and that death might actually happen. upon returning home, i told my mother, who would die, of tb, the following year, that i had become a pacifist.  'uh huh'. she replied, knowing well my sanguinary inclinations. of course, she was right - before very long, i was happily imagining myself flying a b-17 and creating firestorms all over europe.  this is a very good movie for young children to see
not one of wayne's best.i love the history channel, have infinite respect for the avg, love john wayne films, and lived two years in the part of china where flying tigers is set.  so, you'd think i might adore this film?  i had hoped so, but unfortunately republic pictures made this opus on the cheap...john wayne plays a fictional commander of the american volunteer group, somewhere between claire chennault and pappy boygnton.  he does his best to carry the film, and does ok, but he can't carry it alone.  bad effects, cheap stock footage, flimsy sets, and bad script all plague tigers...republic made little effort to hide the california filming location and even used the wrong planes!  there is little mention of the oss-avg connection, and the film was made too early on to be a good history of the avg, even if it were accurate...the heroes of the avg deserve better than tigers; this film isn't a tribute to them, it's a sloppy, propaganda film that does them little service
bad drama clothed in shabby eroticism.movie about 2 women trying to con a pro at seduction. mediocre dialogue with same acting and plot. the eroticism is wooden and tepid. shabby treatment even for a french movie. yuck
starts well, goes downhill.secret things starts well, but descends into a plot about vindictive females and males, involving too many characters, none of whom are likable. toward the beginning, the movie seems to be about two exhibitonist females and their bond together. but the film becomes a workplace drama involving bosses and the company's son, who is like a french version of caligula. the movie is some kind of cross between dangerous liaisons and the last 30 minutes of eyes wide shut. it has some hot sex scenes to be sure, but not a strong enough plot to rescue it. disappointing
not that great :(.i enjoyed the other pilates for dummies workout video, but this one was not that great.  first i did not like the instructor.  her voice was annoying, and although her body was obviously built, she looked like some weird giant :).  that aside, i didn't like the workout.  the standing work was just ok, and the mat work was no different than the other pfd that was much better.  rent it before you buy it, and you will understand what i am talking about
tootsie.to begin with the movie tootsie is classified as a genre of romance and comic.this movie is produced in new york. the protagonist is michael dorsey and he is the most important character in the film.the situation of this movie is of a man that is a talent actor but for reasons of money he decides to dress like a woman.for the reason that he cannot continue woring in the job he has and that his manager tell him nobody would hire him because he is unemployed  by that time. so there is where dorothy appears and he starts working as a women is a soap opera in televison where he becames so famous. he gets the job here but he did it without having the intention of hurting anyone and also anyone in the place knew that he was a man dresses like a woman.in addition he falls in love with one of the woman that works with him in the soap opera. thre is only one friend that knows what he is doing. he has one problem and is that his bestfriend falls in love with him but he didn't treat her well for the reason that he is in love with the other woman.the characters of this movie are really good actors evryone seems to knoe what they are doing.the way the character acts in the movie is ok and the decision the man takes to wear  women's clothin instead of try to find a job in the way he is seems to me very intelligent. because he could only accept that he was unemployed but no he decides to do something so that he could work. the stes in the movie are really well done and i like the part where the father of the woman that acts in the ospa opera gives a ring to dorothy without knowing thta she was a man.the lightnoing is was ok in every scene you could see everything ok and well iluminated. the costumes the actors used where a little diffrerent form he ones we use right now but eventhough they were not the same they look ok.furthermore th emusic they put inspires the movie to look more interesting, there were not that much music but it was ok. this movie could be reall in life because  sometimes when people dont have jobs or they got fire they do everything they can to have a job..i will really recommend this movie to my audience because itis interesting to see how his man do all that work with enthusiam and it really leave us a message of life.
silly , predictable, amateurish waste of time and money.it's obvious that my review differs from the majority, but i emphatically stand by my opinion: this movie was really, really, really lousy. ..keifer sutherland (whom i generally like a lot...he is why i watched this turkey in the first place) portrays a stone alcoholic, chain-smoking, gravel-voiced, burned out bum of a cop who guzzles gallons of booze and staggers from scene to scene like one of the zombies in dawn of the dead. this is his worst performance (that i have ever witnessed) and to make matters even more grim, the entire plot is a confusing, poorly-directed mess. i think that the majority of keifer's boozing is due to his embarrassment over appearing in this truly wretched movie...if you insist on viewing this bomb, you will hear the word "jabberwocky" at least 10,000 times (and come to hate it with a white-hot intensity)....you will see keifer sutherland's character drink countless gallons of whiskey (often straight from the quart bottle at his desk in the police station) and smoke at least 9,500 cigarettes (this movie could be used as aversion therapy by a.a. or the american lung association)....you will see ghosts, apparitions, and silly psychic flashbacks that are about as convincing and relevant as those in "sabrina the teenage witch". at one point, a character wants to convey the name of the villain to kiefer in a "psychic vision", so rather than just say the name (which would be way too easy), he lures the villain to appear in a mirror ("through the looking glass")....silly...the basic premise of this movie resembles the tv series "medium", in which a psychic can sense details about a crime by touching objects associated with the crime....but the tv show is vastly superior in every respect: acting, plot, direction, and characterization. also, the only psychic visions that a drunk of this magnitude is likely to see involve elephants....pink ones. this movie would not qualify as a tolerable made-for-tv drama...and that is very, very sad...there are numerous allusions to "alice in wonderland" (the original name of this bomb was "after alice"): kiefer starts having his "psychic visions" after falling through a hole, a character is named "hatter", etc. etc. i assure you that none of this cuteness will add to your viewing pleasure in any way. ..so, you can listen to the other reviewers and waste your time and money, or listen to the warning i am offering loud and clear: there is a reason that this movie was never released in theaters...and god knows, it shouldn't be released in your home either. avoid it....you really don't need to hear the word "jabberwocky" 10,000 times....do you ???
i wanted it to be so much better.this movie is not offensive- at least not in the way the producers want it to be.  most of us have an "anything goes" attitude towards entertainment these days, and accordingly, broadcasting something as "offensive!" has just become a tired combination of marketing device and transparent attempt to appear a first amendment champion.  continued use of profanity and bathroom humor isn't all that funny if you're older than 13- it's initially kind of amusing, then puerile, then pathetic.  comics tend to be attention-starved anyway, and therefore take any joke further and longer than you or i would care to see.  case in point: the aristocrats.  ..that aside, i wanted to like this movie.  i loved the premise, that telling a joke is like jazz, in that plenty of artists repeat the same material, but with their own interpretation.  it's the singer (comedian) that resonates, not the song (joke).  however, this film is a one trick pony that long outlives its clever foundation.  i also had a hard time believing that these guys found the joke all that funny themselves; most of the onscreen laughs were due to the chemistry between these old friends, and the audience isn't really a part of the joke a lot of the time. ..the film's novelties provide the most entertaining moments: kevin pollack's christopher walken imitation, billy the mime, taylor negron's gay rendition, and a magician who tells the joke via a card trick.  george carlin was really the only comic who made me laugh with his version of a strict telling of the joke.  on top of everything else, i found the jarring, mtv-style editing and quick camera switches made the aristocrats even tougher to watch.   ..while we're on the subject, is there anyone worse than bob saget?  he can swear as much as he wants, and he's still every bit as annoying and unfunny as when he hosted america's funniest videos.  impossibly, he's even less funny when profane.
a grueling ordeal.how is it possible for a group of filmmakers to gather together more than a hundred of the world's foremost comedians into a single documentary and yet elicit not one genuine laugh in the entire film?  well, i'm not sure quite how they've accomplished it, but "the aristocrats," for all its high-priced comic talent, is one seriously unfunny movie...the film is built around a supposedly classic joke involving an agent who walks into a producer`s office, declares "have i got an act for you!" and then proceeds to describe that act in terms so lurid that even a convention of satan-worshipping sailors might have trouble booking it for one of their programs.  when the agent finally finishes his description, the producer asks "what's the act called?," a query which is always followed by the response, "the aristocrats."  the object of the joke is for the teller to be as offensive, disgusting and perverted as possible in the lead up to the punch line.  routinely, the subject matter involves incest, bestiality, pedophilia, violence, urination, defecation and a whole host of other topics not normally broached in polite society.  in what amounts to a talking-heads documentary, "the aristocrats" basically consists of all these great comics running their own variations on this one joke while discussing the iconoclastic function of humor and providing an occasional backstage glimpse into the art of joke telling (i guess that`s where the "redeeming social value" aspect comes in).  ..the main problem with the movie is not that it is crude, vulgar and disgusting per se, but that it is crude, vulgar and disgusting without being funny.  in fact, after the umpteenth take on the same routine, we sink into a kind of humor-deprived stupor that lasts for almost a full ninety minutes.  ..honestly, i appreciate a dirty joke as much as the next fellow, but "the aristocrats" is all dirty and no joke
can dissecting comedy be funny?.as with a lot of reviews here, i will warn anyone interested in seeing this "movie" that the language is incredibly crude and over-the-top offensive.  it's worse than the "south park" movie and team america--and any other foul-mouthed flick i've ever seen...the aristocrats is basically dozens and dozens of comedians telling a simple and, for me, unfunny joke..the comedians, however, are funny...this might have worked better if it had been shorter.  there was a point when i just got too trashed out on the vulgarities by everyone to care what this movie was saying.  kind of like the first episode of hbo's "deadwoood" series: bad language eventually not only loses all effect, it also erodes any meaning...it had its moments.  i laughed at the ventriliquist constantly abused by his foul-mouthed puppet.  the gay-looking dude doing his take on liza minelli was funny.  the gilbert gotfried segment actually made that joke funny...one out of a hundred...?..in the end, the aristocrats could have been just as well done but with a different joke and a different title.  the parrot on my shoulder or knock, knock..because it's the really talented people they're talking to who are funny.  not that joke
anything but.......funny and brilliant. i really really tried to watch through the first few minutes. i walked away, but decided to watch the remainder since i bought the cd upon the recommendation of a few friends who claimed that it was "absolutely brilliant"...basically, it's about a very vulgar joke, and all these comedains narrate their version of it. the joke isn't funny, and the comedians seem like they ramble on and on and explain why the joke is funny and whatnot. fact of the matter is, they all try too hard, and there's nothing funny and intelligent or deep about it.
not a good one.i watched the whole movie, but it took me several sittings. bad script, acting, and stunts all around. you can see the stunt wires in several scenes and they made little effort to disguise arnie's stunt doubles. some of the shots are just terrible. the guy with the chain link shirt looks like a character out of the village people. the masterminds accent changes with every scene, spanish, french, i'm not sure he knew what he was trying to do. then, hey we all know arnies huge, but they have shots and shots of just him and his muscles. arnold does act or dress like a "commando" until the end of the movie. that was weird. all around a bad movie ...  but i did watch it all
a disappointment..david mamet let me down with this film -- even though i picked this dvd up for $2 at my workplace's dvd library sale, i felt rather ripped off after i watched the movie. from the very first scene, i began to realize that this was not going to be an 'intelligent, gripping political thriller,' but a rather hastily made b-movie that charades as something worth watching. ..the depictions of secret agents, of soldiers, of political schemers were all the stereotypical (and pretty much ridiculously contrived) cutout figures for crappy action movies throughout time. the political 'thrill' is cut short by the quick injection of 'action' scenes; however, these action usually amount to about three muffled gunshots and a brief spray of blood. i don't demand flashy effects from all movies, but if you have to resort to these kinds of scenes to rejuvenate your bored audience, for god's sake, make them action scenes. don't just throw in some tinny pistol reports for effect whenever you think 50% of the audience has fallen asleep. ..the plot meanders through various recycled action locations -- the seedy bar, the rural gas station, the mysterious house, the dangerous foreign lair... but nothing really interesting or stirring happens. minor protagonists die, but you don't really ask why or even think about it after the scene changes, because you already saw it coming half an hour before it actually happened. 'bad guys' die without being established as bad guys... they're just there, and val shoots them or stabs them, and they die, and then you forget about them. ..a lack of any real plot drive, bad scripting (including some of the worst one-liners ever), mediocre cinematography, a limp musical score, a highly predictable sequence of events and locations, and an overall feel of hokey 'we made this as quick as we could so we wouldn't have to think about how awful this project really was' compel me to rate this movie 2 stars
poor release of movie.i found this movie very poor and totally a waste of my time.  it's plot needs to be rewritten and it does not contain a deeper meaning.  the ending was very disapointing and without proper conclusion. denzel washington did a great job playing the detective and john goodman is a very good actor yet the other charaters did not do thier job and was poorly acted. my recommendation is to stay away from this movie and save your money. buy somthing that has a good plot. d- is my ratin
i'm sorry... i find this badly written. spoilers!.yes, this is a supernatural psycological thriller... but far from a good one as far as i'm concerned...i love these kinds of stories and i went to see this film with a lot of excitement... first because it has a interesting subject. second because it has a great actor. i thought denzel washington would never associate himself with a bad script... but i was wrong...but denzel is always top notch. the rest isn't...by now you already know the story. a good detective... a killer who happens to me a demon who happens to pass from person to person just by touch... the hunt... blah blah blah......the script is idiot from page one..the killer (as we will see as the story develops) travels by simple touch. so... excuse me... why doesn't the killer passes to a guard as he is going to be executed??? i mean... the guy is sooo powerful (and mobile) that i find it unbelievable that he gets to be executed in the first place...but... ok... let's give the screenwriters a break...somewhere in the middle of the film, the demon enters a cat. ok... so he can enter all kinds of animals. fine...later on, the main character learns that in order to defeat the demon, he must kill his body in a place where there is nobody around. his brilliant idea: the forest. full of animals...was i the only one who did not know the ending before it came????..want more?..in an interesting twist, the protagonist kills an innocent man and later on... his own brother. and no one will believe the truth! how is he gonna get out of such a mess???..in the world of storytelling, there are only two ways of getting out of such an impossibly difficult situation: either the screenwriter is brilliant and finds a believable way to save his character from the master mess built by the screenwriter himself - so he should know! (and then we get some sort of positive ending despite everything...) or something deep inside the protagonist fails and he loses the battle against evil (despite the fact that there was a way out)...first line of solution: die hard, the fugitive..second line of solution: s7ven, chinatown...we have none of that here...instead we have an evil god against a simple man (great starter for drama, right?) ...but the man gets weaker and weaker and weaker... and the demon gets stronger and stronger... to the point where we get the fact that the demon is invincible long before he actually wins. and the great turnaround never comes...obviously we all hope he will be defeated... and that's why i kept myself seated all through the film... because if there was a way out... it would be brilliant. if the character dropped the towel... it would be thought provoking to say the least...but no... the ending was easy and predictable. the screenwriter could not achieve one of the two possible lines of solutions. he wrote the first thing that came to his mind and hid himself under "the story ends bad" label. without any depth...every villain has a weak point. it is up to the hero to explore it (may he loose or win). the only problem the hero faces here is a stupid lack of data. we have the data the moment the demon enters a cat. that's why we know how's gonna end...what about the girl who helps denzel? what about his nephew? shouldn't they be part of the ending too? don't come with the "this is an open-ending" kind of talk!..do i sense a smell of desire for a sequel?.quick! gas masks!!!! or... as a.c.doyle would write: "quick, dr. watson, the needle!"..despite a stupid screenplay. denzel is always great.
ok but not for beginners.i suppose this workout is okay for someone already in fairly good shape, but for anyone overweight most of the exercises are almost impossible to do. most of the exercises require that you be able to bend really well and if you are overweight and trying to get in shape you should start with something else that doesn't require this amount of flexibility. it would have helped to nost waste money if they had said this was not meant for overweight people or beginners
too dry and boring.i have to go against the grain here and give a thumbs down to this series.  the things that come out about the characters is simply not very interesting.  the things that they say aren't interesting.  their lives aren't made interesting for us...it's a good concept on the surface.  just follow someone's life.  check in with them every seven years to see what's changed.  but the bottom line for me is if i enjoy watching the program, and i don't...maybe it's the dryness of the interviewing.  maybe a different person, a more creative person, would have breathed more life into the series.  it would be hard for me to imagine anyone doing a dryer or more boring job of it...so while almost all of the other reviewers applaud what we see here, i have to say it was not done well.  a concept so potentially interesting, following various people throughout their lives, has not been developed as well as it could have been, and i can't recommend this series, except for the concept itself...good concept, inadequate execution.  a much better interviewer could have done something with this format.  if you are pleased with these results, your standards are too low, you'd applaud instant oatmeal
a so so film.i'd say it was an ok movie, nothing to rave about. monica bellucci was a miss-fit, i didnt think she fit in at all as an american doctor helping poor africans. bruce willis is always good. the action scene in the village was probably the best part. the last scene were not all that great at all, very ameaturish in my opinion. i found it really funny, that none of the nigerian soldiers could shoot straight. its ironic that all the people trying to do something good for the africans were either americans or europeans, considering the fact that much of africa's problems today could be attributed to european colonization, or how everyone turned a blind-eye to what happened in rwanda..if you want to watch a really good movie on this subject, then watch hotel rwanda
what the hell?.how are we supposed to feel at the end of this movie?  good, that the nigerian patients survived?  i don't think so.  the most important aspect of this story is really quite simple:  lt. waters disobeyed direct orders and sacrificed the lives of four seals.  more than $5,000,000 in assets lost because his character had an emotional crisis?  that's a steep price to pay.  in the really real world, a deserved court martial would be awaiting lt. waters upon his return home.  besides all of this, the military tactics, or lack thereof, in this movie must have been 'developed' by a blind monkey.  jojo the idiot circus boy must have been the military consultant.  i can only hope that a sequel is made, with the end result being lt. waters hanging from a yard arm!
not as bad as some say, but not as great either.with the x-men feature films and the hit ultimate x-men comic opening the world of x-men to new fans, x-men: evolution takes the established characters fans have loved for years (cyclops, jean grey, nightcrawler, rogue, shadowcat) and puts them as high school students living at professor xavier's mansion with wolverine and storm as grown up instructors, and a new character named spyke is introduced as well (whose powers are distinctly similar to that of marrow, a former x-men member in the comics).  many longtime fans didn't find the series too likeable because of the way it is presented, and x-men: evolution doesn't hold a candle to the early 90's fox show.  nightcrawler's characterization is terrible, and there's too much teenie bopper type mellow drama going on with high school kids.  the animation is decent, but it's not as gritty as the fox series.  the later seasons however, in which beloved characters gambit and colossus are introduced (and they do battle with apocalypse), are much better than the episodes contained on these discs, but all in all i'd stick with the fox series anyday
useful fools.in their heyday, marxists used to call people who, while not being marxists themselves, defended marxism "useful fools". it seems this is a common phenomenon even today, since i see people defending an obvious (i did see the commercial) commercial for wall mart, surely paid (indirectly?) by wall mart itself. yes folks, this commercial, just like the fed ex commercial (that many people including me paid to see) cast away should fool no one (but unfortunately it does). this is even more suspicious that those "experts" that give world wide tours (without charging!, which proves they are being paid for their propaganda by "unknown" sources) denying the existence of subliminal messages (why would someone bother denying that?). if you want to be a useful fool go ahead and buy this (hey i did buy this to see the "other side" of the debate but this is not it, and i was suckered) if not, better go and observe a real wall mart yourself (a sad experience to be sure)
i shop at wal-mart and i don't love it.i hate the fact that i shop at wal-mart. but they offer the lowest prices and i need to save every penny i have living in this horrible economy where the rich get all the tax breaks and i'm left with nothing. wal-mart makes up for it's low prices by giving their employees a low pay check and having tax payers pay for their medical. my neighbor works and wal-mart. she does it because she has no place else to go. and she has a child she has to support so if she loses her job she will be in a very bad situation. wal-mart is a horrible horrible cancer on this world and one day it's going to kill us all. ..oh, and wal-mart stores are total dumps. with the amount of money the company has you'd think they could pay a few extra people some money to clean the place up. but we all know why they don't, don't we? because that would mean wal-mart paying for more employees when they know they can just force the ones they got into working overtime without pay
no closed captions!.the film i bought at a retail outlet in spokane wa contains no closed captions!  if i had known that, i wouldn't have bought it.  the box should have contained a clear message:  no closed captions!  (parenthetically, amazon.com's description indicates the film is closed captioned.)  ..the content of the film is shallow, and it doesn't really address the issues raised in the more fully supported greenwald film, walmart, the high cost of low price...if closed captions are not an issue, however, buy (or rent) *both* films to draw your own conclusion.  obviously, the truth about walmart's impact on us cities and third world communities is somewhere between the images presented in these two films.  i found the greenwald film much more convincing
docu-commentary: all the pros for wal-mart, none of the cons.this film pulls together all of the arguments in favor of wal-mart.  there is also a very interesting conclusion on the undeniable good work that the company did in summer 2005 in the katrina-ravaged regions.  however, none of the legitimate concerns of critics are given any thoughtful review.  i say this as a concerned conservative, who wants to understand the enormous changes occuring in my country, and not a liberal...on the plus side, it is hard to argue against the business model of wal-mart:  it offers everyday low prices, which the company accomplishes by incredible and continual productivity gains - by some measures wal-mart is responsible for 25% of the productivity gains in the us due to its use of new technologies! - as well as vast scale economies in particular with globalisation.  regardless of what critics say, these factors are the basis of the company's success:  consumers chose to buy there because of the prices and convenience...however, this is the point when the film becomes disingenuous.  anything that critics say is summarily dismissed by either a single and simplistic example, by some self-appoined talking head, by employees who like their jobs, or simply by people passing by on the street.  i found this pathetically unconvincing.   for example, because wal-mart is criticised as a destructive force against traditional town centers, the filmmakers find one town that was able to renew itself as a tourist spot with boutiquie stores and then assumes that that can happen everywhere (but the site was in the blue mountains, not in the oklahoma dustbowl).  no statistics are offered, no additional proof, and no counter-arguments are acknowledged.   ..moreover, it is easy to find people to spout the opinion you want to espouse by looking for them - to be sure, wal-mart critics do the same, but there are some critics who act like journalists and try to see what truth there is in the arguments advanced.  this film does not.   at one point, the filmakers interview a group of teenagers who state wal-mart wages would  "enough" for them (none of them work there), as if that refutes the experience of single mothers trying to make ends meet on wal-mart salaries!  they also get a few people to state that they never get asked to work overtime wothout pay as if that eliminates the need to investigate the claims of thousands of others who are winning multi-million dollar class-action lawsuits against that practice in their wal-marts...finally, some of the talking heads make the most ridiculous arguments.  one of them dismissed all the arguments of critics who charge that wal-mart urges its workers to use the welfare system as "those who advocate government health care anyway" - as if that negates their arguments!  by glossing over the details, they don't even make the case in  favor of the wal-mart business model all that well, let alone consider how the intallation of a wal-mart impacts entire communities...as such, this film is for the convinced, for those who want to have their opinions reinforced rather than challenged.  that makes it like fox news at its worst:  you know what you are going to get before you switch it on - pure opinion and little reporting - so why bother?  it isn't for learning.  the costs behind wal-mart's methods are not even open to question.  the one thing i took away from this is the sincerity of some of the employees, who genuinely believed in the company.  ..overall, i cannot recommend this film, except as a pure ideological view in favor of this controversial company.   this doesn't do anyone any good - there is no chance for dialogue in this approach, no acknowledgment that critics can make legitimate points.  whether powerful companies like it or not, they do not automatically deserve our trust, but instead our critical and constant scrutiny
who can take this seriously?.what a world we live in where propaganda is no longer used to support governnments but corporations. after 30 minutes of this tripe i felt ill. any serious person with an understanding of democracy and modern business practice will reject this heavy handed corporate propaganda
wage-less: bush won the election and all i got was a job at wal-mart.this movie stinks! how can anybody promote this crap of a business. the same people whose jobs are being lost and whose small towns are being abandoned because of wal-mart are also voting republican and watching fox news. all this because of fear, gays, guns and the bible. a documentary should be made about ethical businesses like cost-co, in-n-out burger, american apparrel and patagonia...these companies pay good wages and our socially conscious. cost-co was in fact criticized by fox news for not being more "considerate" about their shareholders...that says it all about fox and the gop. yes! i believe capitalism can work for everyone including the environment when done with compassion and not by greedy social darwinists
snore..don't let the cover fool you, this film isn't half as fun as you may hope it is. maybe it's my own fault, but i was expecting something more like "groove", or at least something interesting to watch. and it's not for my lack of knowledge of the bands, i often listen to joy division/new order/happy mondays, and more from that scene. however, this seemed much more like the story of tony wilson and the factory, than it did about the music, and almost came-off as a documentary. i almost stopped watching it out of boredom, but saw it through anyway. now i wouldn't call this bad, it had it's good parts, just not many.
poorly done mocumentary.24-hour party people is a mocumentary at the lowest rung (if best in show was not enough) that tries at many times to be funny but is mostly in poor taste. the british scene in the 1980's was influential and at the height of the 2nd brit wave, and michael winterbottom could have exposed the goings-on in a much better way. ..my main issue with this film was it's attempts at being funny in a hip-britster fashion that falls flat constantly since the issues occurring are very serious. the dialogue is difficult to follow especially since most of it is meaningless anyway, and the film never really follows it's premise as much as it should: the rise of factory. i did really enjoy the joy division segments, though, even if exploiting ian curtis's death was slightly in poor taste. ..unless you're a fan of the brit explosion of the post-punk era, and an extreme fan at that, i could not recommend this film. it's not even greatly educational for music lovers and at times very difficult to get into.
don't waste your money on this one.talentless people and garbage music  torture you in this turkey-in no time flat,you'll be driven to pure insanity as you run screaming "make it stop!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" out into the yard.do not spend money on this product unless you want to wind up beating your head against the wall and babbling nonsense
save your money.soft core porn masquerading as art, i didn't even make it through the first half hour of this film. lola's cute, but it's still not worth the effort
i wish i could have rated it 0 star.i decided to buy this movie after reading many excellent reviews of it. i watched it with my girlfriend. bad idea... the sex scenes are bad and very short, and the rest is downright boring. this movie is simply bad, and slow, and generally laughable
bad.i must say the positive reviews here fooled me. i expected much more fun. i would have loved a real blend of soap opera and (even cheap) fantastique. but this doesn't even make the grade as 'so bad it's good' fun, at least for me. well, maybe the first episode, but the second is just very boring..yes, there is eye-candy in a soft porn kind of way, but not in the way of real cinematography (very crude camera blocking) or production design (the hospital set is awful and as for the rest, they're ok but too few). and it's just too badly written. there's some bad acting too, but that doesn't really hurt this kind of movies. .the second episode is less soft porn and more fantasy and plot-driven, but having to play every scene in the one same street and two or three poorly dressed sets, makes the characters eternally go back and forth between them, which gets tiresome pretty quick and also doesn't allow for really fluid plot development. also fx or action scenes are sorely lacking. this could be secondary if the script were any good but there is no logic or clear rules in the universe they're creating and it ends up a mess..i guess they didn't have much time to shoot this but overall it's just not worth your time.
5 stars for the show, 1 star for the dvd production.i am a big fan of the show, and was disappointed that for so long, only a few episodes were available to purchase, and those were only on vhs. i was really happy when i heard they're releasing the complete series on dvd... but if you ask me, these dvds are worse than having nothing at all...the box advertises "complete, uncut" episodes and yet many episodes are missing scenes for no apparent reason. i can't imagine the reason for this. the dvd picture and sound quality are far worse than the vhs releases. how does that even happen? the episodes are also missing the introductions (which are different for each episode, depending on guest stars, etc)... left out for no reason. the dvds also have no chapter stops whatsoever...how does this happen in the modern day entertainment industry? no one in charge of product quality, no one even attempting to release something up to dvd standards, yet they hired someone to delete scenes that aren't crucial to the plot? i just don't get it... did they think dvds have very limited space, and they have to take any steps necessary to reduce the length of the show?..the little house series still appears on cable tv. you can literally get a much better quality product simply by taping the shows off of tv... this dvd release is a joke...it's a bit frustrating to see so many shows (including older shows and less popular ones) are having great dvd releases, with great quality video and sound, and actor commentary despite the show being made decades ago... and then to see that little house is treated so poorly
never did get it..sounds like a wonderfull book but here almost 1 year later i still havent gotten the book,  a response from amazon, or a response from the shipper
too long unnecessarily.not very well done and boring to the extreme, overdone on the wolf character, definetly not a kids movie. way too long and seemed to get stuck in the middle so to speak.  definetly would not recommend it to anyone.  most scenes could have been left out entirely,  most were just crude; it just seemed to go on and on, needlessly . just plain bad
why??.why? this is a total waste of time and money on disney's part. they just don't have that "magic" that they had in the 90's. i hope something happens because some of the animated movies are losing credibility. jmho
blech...horrible!.what a disaster!  this movie is a complete waste of time from start to finish.  the animation is ugly, horrible, and unrealistic and the three stories are bland and boring.  what was disney thinking?  oh, i know!  "let's see if we can eek a little more cash out of cinderella.  who cares if we destroy a beloved classic?"..several main characters are completely different from the original movie and it makes no sense.  in the first story, the king has turned from a happy-go-lucky doting grandpa-wannabe into a stuffy, sour old curmudgeon.  suddenly there's a rule about no commoners in the palace?  uh...isn't there a line in the original about "every eligible maiden in the kingdom?"  the palace was full of commoners that night.  the story picks up as the prince and cinderella return from their honeymoon, so in the space of a few weeks, the king has completely changed.  i guess they weren't creative enough to come up with anything that would stay true to the characters.  the other two stories are equally nauseating and are not worth my time to review or your time to read.  avoid this mess of a movie...the really sad thing is that "ugly, horrible, unrealistic animation and bland and boring stories" pretty much describes any disney sequel or direct-to-video slop on the market
rose colored glasses anyone?.gilligan's island was a fun 1/2 hour for me when i was a kid when i came home from school, but as an adult, it is painful to watch.  if you have seen one episode, you have seen them all.  each episode revolves around some outlandish plot to escape the island and is filled with the same lame pratfalls of gilligan that lost it's charm after the virgin time.  ..there are better tv sitcoms that deserve to be re-visited, gilligan's island is not one of them
predictable and boring....i found myself fast forwarding through some scenes in this film hoping to get to the good parts, which never materialized. how is it that in a city of millions of people the streets of rome were empty? how did anita get to park her car at the entrance of the international airport? how did she park the car next to the trevi fountain on a street so narrow cars can't get through and so crowded with people 24/7?  come on, half of this film was probably shot on a hollywood studio back lot. if you want the real deal romantic comedy get roman holiday and see the sights as they are even today. three coins was a waste of my money
here's my two cents about three coins....i must go easier on this film than i would like seeing as it was made in the 50s. being 19, i'm sure i can't appreciate the calm and painfully cheesy medea of that era. still, i am a fan of old movies and enjoy the laid back plots of the older days. o brother. this plot was certainly laid back - in fact, i think it laid all the way back and went to sleep! three girls fall for three guys. the end! each girl ended up with the first guy they liked, no surprises or intrigues. there was a gliche to each relationship, but it was ironed out smoothly before you could actually figure out what the big deal was. two of the men were goony dreamboats, madly in love with their american beauties. the other was a cranky boss who tried terribly hard to be endearing but missed the mark by a mile. quite predicatable, extremely boring... stick with the good oldies such as born yesterday, on the town, roman holiday and the like.
an interesting period piece.my wife is of italian descent, which i expect was the main reason she bought this dvd..as you doubtless already gathered, it's set in italy - mostly rome - less than 10 years after world war ii. the movie focuses on three american secretaries, two of whom work for a u.s. government agency, so it's seen from a decidedly american point of view. which is to say the italians are portrayed largely as simple jolly buffoons all of whom - except for a prince and his snooty mother - are socially inferior to the americans in their midst..it's loaded with 1950s american sexual morality and attitudes, which seem horribly dated 50 years on..but mostly, i got the feeling that the director couldn't decide whether he was making a drama or a cinemascope travelogue of rome and venice..the ending is hackneyed in the extreme and leaves you with as many questions as answers..i saw this in my hometown theater when i was 9. i didn't get it then and now, even with nearly 60 years of living in my database, i still don't get it. i think it's because there's nothing here to get. it's just fluff
the police - everyone stares: the police inside out.fantastic!!!  as told by one of the finest drummers in the world.  a first hand account of the hardships of starting out, their trials and tribulations, and becoming one of the most successful bands in history.  a must see for any police fan...aaaa+++
boring.this is a one-time watch. it is most definately a home movie with very unprofessional editing. i was hoping for at least one or two songs to have a professional mix. never happened..
ruined by reba.i caught some of this on pbs and was beyond appalled that they chose to cast reba mcentire as nellie.  musicals are for people that can sing, not whine and slide their way up to the preferred pitch.  i'm a native of arkansas, by the way, and it hurts my ears to listen to reba's voice.  reba's country treatment of the vocals shows exactly how talentless she is
a great propagandist that would of made gobbels proud.chomsky is nothing more than a liberal propaganda artist. his views that the stalinist military defeated nazi germany is proof of his leanings. he is the left wing rush limbaugh of written media
missed opportunity to share chomsky's brilliance.i was so excited to see another noam chomsky film, but terribly disappointed with this particular collection of snippets.  the editing was so distracting and disconnected that i stopped watching the piece.  there are silly cut aways just for "art's sake",  the cameras go in and out of focus and shift angles for no reason, and the order of the lecture bits didn't make any sense to me.  chomsky's ideas are hard enough to follow if you don't have background info. on his subject, but it is fun and challenging to try to follow him as he explains the agendas behind our news, our reporting, our politicians, etc....  this film makes that kind of challenge almost impossible.  (at least for me) chomsky is, in my opinion, a genius and this film did not convey his coherent thoughts and eloquent speeches.  i recommend manufacturing consent if you are new to noam
barely skims the surface.this movie on chomsky isn't very unique or interesting.  he is a brilliant man, and his books will obviously teach you more.  a good dvd to check out is manufacturing consent - man. consent is almost three hours long, with a good structure that the movie follows, with more complete explanations of chomsky's ideas.  rebel w/o a pause is a hastily put together film, which dedicates too little time to each current issue, i.e. the war in iraq.  entertaining, but not a good source of information
unable to review.unable to see the movie. received the original shipment, and later a replacement, and both had the same defects and we were unable to watch the movie
no redeeming social value ....i'm sorry, i just can't get hot and bothered about angela's ashes.  no characters with any admirable qualities, endlessly wallowing in their own sense of despair.  parents who can't be bothered to do something to provide their children with the bare essentials, but who can always find the money for booze or cigarettes.  the father, a low life, big mouthed, lazy good for nothing who drinks all the time, doesn't bother to provide for his family, but refuses to accept charity so that his children can eat.  a mother who would rather function as a prostitute to a filthy, degraded, disgusting relative than go out and do some work.  people talk in reviews here about this woman's great self-sacrifice, but i noticed that she never failed to have a cigarette hanging out of her mouth, though her kids were going hungry and having to walk through the overflow of a toilet just to get into their house.  i can't see any great self-sacrifice there - just laziness, lack of self-respect and self-indulgence...i can't see anything funny in this film, and certainly nothing noble in any of the characters.  can't imagine what all the hoopla is about, or how anyone could consider such a tragic and infuriating situation, brought about by adults who refuse to be adults and take responsibility, funny in any way at all
use this to chase away unwanted relatives.boring, depressing, pointless.  the story of a young man growing up dirt poor in ireland with an alcoholic, and predominantly absent, father.  born in america, he clings to the dream of returning there and, presumably, leaving all his troubles behind.  after suffering through all 146 minutes of this flick, i was left wondering exactly what it was that made this individual's life noteworthy.  yes, he grew up in extreme poverty, but alongside countless others.  there was nothing particularly enlightening or inspiring about this one individual, so what was the point?  is it simply the fact that the real-life character this is based on made it back to america and became a successful author that is supposed to make us long for a glimpse into his childhood?  case in point, note the subplot in the conflict between the parents value systems.  the father tries to maintain some superficial sense of pride, insisting they not sink to the level of "beggars" (this includes not accepting charity of any kind), yet spending the bulk of his sporadic paychecks on booze and leaving the family without the essentials.  the mother is left to be the one who has to sell out her self-respect in order that the family might even survive.  the son shows his gratitude by verbally and physically abusing her (after somewhat ritualistically indulging in his "first pint" of ale at the local pub).  he then buys his ticket to america by stealing money off the body of a dead woman, leaving his mother behind to struggle with raising the remainder of his siblings with no father.  we are never shown any reconciliation with his mother or even any appreciation for her heroic efforts.  in my opinion, her life story might be more worth the money
great swordfights, lousy movie.i bought this movie on the basis of the many excellent reviews, but as i was disappointed on so many levels, i can't help wondering if we all saw the same movie!  an extremely sluggish and generally unbelievable storyline, ridiculous 'acting,' unsympathetic characters, what's to like?  worst of all, after laboring mightily to get all the different main characters together for what appears to be the great denoumant of the tale, the whole thing is ruined by the antihero suddenly going berserk at the inn and getting himself killed in the process.  why?  because the hitherto heartless, calculating and cold-blooded murderer suddenly thinks he sees ghosts, and decides that in a fit of conscience he never had before, he should chop the entire inn to ribbons.  what appears most abundantly clear to me is that the producers of this turkey suddenly realised that they were way overbudget, and decided to end the movie as quickly as they could, and a good thing too.  rubbish!  if you want to see a good samurai film, see 'seven samurai' and leave this garbage on the shelf
i guess i'm the only person on here that finds this one the pits!!!.this never rises above the slease and sexualy warped mind of mr. de palma. angie dickison's shower scenes are just a sick joke like the whole movie. watch a hitchcock movie if you want a good thriller,and stay away from this junk!!
new edition garbage.thank you to the people out there specifically rating the edition. the "new" features really do suck. let the movie companies know you're sick of this re-issue, new edition garbage, and everyone out there keep on giving bad reviews to these crappy "new" editions. let the weasely bean counters in accounting know that their greedy grab for a profit margin will ultimately turn consumers off from buying their products period. it's certainly given me pause when it comes to buying a new dvd.
preachy.spare me another movie about how the big bad catholic church makes life dull and arduous until everybody is rescued by a sexually liberated mary poppins. the film's agenda is all over it and binoche's character is just too "practically perfect in every way."
horrible.absolutely unwatchable. cliche-ridden. so silly it's very nearly offensive. it's like watching one long music video by a b-level rapper - full of dumb, beautiful women, buff, monkey-headed ghetto thugs, and jokey tricked-out cars. without a doubt one of the worst movies i've ever seen. the script is laughable, the acting worse. vin diesel and paul walker are more "dumb and dumber" than "butch cassidy and the sundance kid". awful
ghetto monkey, modification morons with mufflers.i would rate this piece of film trash a "0", but unfortunately, that is not an available option. this stupid movie did not start the scene, but it did contribute to it. this review is to all of you ghetto monkey morons who think that because you have ground effects and an obnoxious sounding muffler, that somehow you have transformed yourselves into mario andretti and a ferrari; i have some astounding news for you, the average citizen thinks you are an idiot with a license, and should be barred from ever contributing to the human populus. no one is impressed with your driving antics that endanger the rest of us on the roads and highways. in fact, everytime i read that one of you idiots died in a tragic accident due to your own ignorance and lack of driving skills, i actually celebrate with my friends, and we relieve ourselves on the grave, because there is one less stupid person on the road. do the rest of the world a favor, save your money, don't make your car look stupid and ghetto, which in return, makes you look stupid and ghetto,learn how to drive safely, turn your hat around (facing forward), pick up your retarded looking baggy pants, put a belt on, and hide your underwear, (that no one wants to see, but laughs at you while you walk past) and speak a normal language that includes words besides "dawg" and other non-understandable neanderthal sounds that clearly indicate your lack of education and stupidity
trash.this movie is typical hollywood anti-war, anti-military, anti-american trash.  the "show biz" liberals, aided and abetted by their ideological cousins, the left-wing tv news moguls, have always sought to portray american soldiers in viet nam as baby-killing, drug-crazed monsters.  this movie is typical of that ilk. if you want a more balanced view of the men who fought in that terrible war, buy the dvd of "we were soldiers."--a much better, and far more honest, film
great performance marred by editing.the performance seemed great, but i couldn't stand how choppy the editing was.  in the first concert, the camera angle changes every 3 seconds or less.  i am not exaggerating.  this made it really difficult for me to enjoy.
did i miss something?.i saw this movie about 20 years ago when it was on cinemax. i fell asleep while watching it then. i bought the dvd as part of the controversial classics set, and was looking forward to seeing the parts i missed. ..this time, i fell asleep twice watching it; it took a total of three nights to see it all. i found it just as talky and heavy-handed as i did when i saw it back in college. further, i didn't pick up on any chemistry between the leads, and found james coburn's character loud and annoying. finally, the great mgm hairstylist sidney guillaroff was way off the mark on this one. almost all of the women had mid-60's hairdo's that were distracting, particularly miss andrews, whose distracting poofie 'do often changed from shot to shot within the same scene...i get it; war is bad. nevertheless, this film did little for me. it did, however, look very nice; the dvd transfer was well done
so, where's the extras?.nothing. not even a trailer. what a wasted opportunity for a commentary by west (who does do them -- he did one for when a stranger calls) or a retrospective featurette...all you do get with this extended version is additional dialogue between cusack's character and a female law enforcement officer in a hanger, footage of a prison riot during the opening credits montage and a few more graphic shots of hapless inmates being killed during the course of the movie
thumbs down.regardless of the new extras and restored scenes, this dvd has a terrible video transfer. horizontal edges have more edge enhancement than even the infamously bad swep1 phantom menace dvd. the overall picture is reduced to near vhs quality from the excessive ringing...absolutely avoid this z-grade transfer unless you have a 13" tv or don't care at all about video quality
i call shenanigans!.shame on you disney, for trying to bleed me of my hard-eard money...i call shenanigan
back to the well, and this one was shallow to begin with....i hate to admit i actually own this thing on vhs.  and unless my mind is going more than usual, i have this cut of the movie too...double (and more) dipping by the studios seems to be the way of dvd.  we get at least four issues of terminator 2, but none of robinson crusoe on mars.  i personally am sick of it...director's cuts, unrated editions, and other snaky ways of trying to separate my money from my wallet.  no wonder i've taken to borrowing nearly all my dvds from the public library...no, you generally don't get them the day they come out.  but honestly, when was the last time you purchased a movie from hollyweird that was worth keeping?  don't do it
pathetic gangster style movie.i've read a lot of reviews for this movie stating that it is an excellent film and some even call it one of the best movies of all time.  i couldn't disagree more.  i found this film to be a disappointment.  tom hanks  period-gangster style films just don't go together.  when i see tom hanks, i see him in big.. not as a serious actor.  in "road to perdition" hanks plays michael sullivan, a born and bred gangster in the 1930's, who is forced to abandon his lifestyle when his wife and one of his sons are killed and he is forced to protect the elder son, a witness of a killing.  the story does leave something to be desired. predictable and hackneyed plot, with pretty weak story development.  i'm a big fan of movies like the godfather  goodfellas but this one just plain stinks
costumes were good..jennifer jason...can someone puhleeze tell me why she always plays the same role! and why all of her characters have seriously bad elocution!the so called ~bostonish...or upper crust--east coast accent does not include..slurring your words as if a consonant was too much work.  it as if her upper lip is never engaged at all..not even to smirk!  does she have a botox complex..use your face..including your upper lip....but then again...maybe she was acting just like dorothy parker..who ahem..happens to be dead..!  ( no disrespect intended..)..jennifer beals played her little tiny wee part with so much more depth and nuance..why didn't she play parker..i believed her character!  gwyneth..love her..!  bit part..but she added a much needed warmth to the film....i cared for one character..and the best part was his bit giving a financial report..i thought that was brilliant..! bravo..but mr. benchley was the most endearing and 3 dimensional character..thank you....will someone please make this film over..and do it right..!  and don't just call up your buds..for a tupperware party and say..hey..lets make a movie..!  dorothy parker deserves much much better..i can't even imagine the biting remarks she would print..how about..  'it's all about me..and i hated it..!but the costumes were nice..
one of the most overrated films of all time..the best thing about this tiresome mess is the stunning cinematography and scorsese's knowledge of new york personalities. but the film utterly fails to capture the magnetism of boxing in its heyday, or provide a fascinating insight into a driven contender from the streets...from the all-too-obvious movie references to the overweening sentimentality, scorsese tries to make an elia kazan-esque masterpiece and fails miserably. deniro's performance as lamotta is a lot of what we would see from him in later years --monomaniacal mumbling, zero charisma; an almost self-congratulatory exercise in the excesses of dramaturgy...who was jake la motta? why was he this way? what was his background? what did he hope to achieve? on the criterion laserdisc of this film, la motta himself in three minutes gives more insight into these things than scorsese and schrader's drama does in over two hours. to me, that's bad filmaking...i have heard from film snobs that much of raging bull's fascination lies in the significance it holds in the oevre of scorsese. he had just failed miserably with new york, new york and this was almost a religious purging of his soul. i suppose if you want to read into it, be my guest. i consider that self-absorption. i have also heard the patronizing "it's funny" angle regarding lamotta. i do not think this was scorsese's intention and i do not find the serious issue of spousal abuse very funny
a good job ruined.regarding the "ghosted" mlb logo referred to in other reviews, i have to say that it really diminishes the enjoyment of watching this classic series on dvd. not only is it totally unecessary(who doesn't know they're watching major league baseball?), but it's placement is not so much in the upper right corner of the picture, but more like the upper right center of the picture, thus constantly intruding into the action. what in the world were they thinking? rent it or borrow it, but don't buy it! it's great that they are putting baseball classics on dvd, but until ae and mlb re-think this idiotic product branding, i'd say this set isn't worth buying
unbelievably bad.the acting and writing is atrocious and i was dumbfounded that some people would rate this movie highly. .the little brother's spoken parts are so british it is laughable and the hero, his brother, has a scandanavian accent. the main character is no actor and it is embarrassing at times listening to him and watching him. the whole movie is so contrived and corny i gave up watching it more than halfway through. just because it is based on a real character doesn't make it a good, or watchable movie
don't bother watching this one!.this is possibly one of the worst films i have ever seen. the writing and acting, as far as i am concerned, are no better than that of a middle school live performance. the only reason i didn't turn it off was that i was hoping something in the movie might help me justify spending $10 to buy it used. that something never came. i would never waste my time on this movie when there are others on this topic that so richly deserve my viewing time investment, such as quot;schindler's listquot; amp; quot;the pianistquot;. trust me, pass it up just as fast as you can
what a pity!.i hope people don't start to think of this movie as alien 5.  in my mind this is a whole new venture, one that is separate from any of the work that sigourney weaver did on the first four alien films.  the first 4 films are pretty good and i really like the whole series.  it works rather well and i would love to see another alien film with sigourney in it.  i think they could pull off one more film.  ripley's a great hero...this movie was pretty bad.  the only reason i give it 2 stars is because of the special effects.  i felt like i was watching a scooby doo version of alien.  whoever greenlit this film clearly just wanted to make money.  the plot was..well..stupid and the atmosphere of the movie was pretty much non-existent.  each of the first four alien movies were provocative in some sense no doubt because of sigourney's involvement.  this one was as boring as a white wall and it was as cheesy as a funhouse at a state fair.
this movie has no substance..i have to say... all the cgi movies i have watched have all been top-notch as far as story goes. i'm talking about toy story i  ii. finding nemo. shrek. etc. etc. i realize this wasn't made by the same company as toy story and nemo... but it is from the creators of shrek. therefore this movie fails. the animation is good, yes. but the jokes are empty. nothing is really funny at all. the story is almost non-existant and had no real direction. ..in my opinion, this movie was a waste of space. in everyway possible. shame on you, dreamworks. shame on you
so bad it's . . . really bad.i'm a fan of christina ricci and dark comedies, yet i found this film damn near unwatchable. the only things intriguing about it are why the actors agreed to do it, why it was made, and why, after the backers presumably saw the finished product, it was released. the film itself gets no stars; my one star is for ricci's presence...for ricci completists only, and then i recommend it be viewed with the sound off so that no one need listen to the dialogue
nothing exciting at all....i am probably the biggest ricci fan you'll ever meet, but even that couldn't get me interested in this film. i bought it but ended up giving it away. the storyline was a-typical, nothing great at all. sometimes i honestly forgot this was ricci in the movie, because i kept losing interest. but nonetheless, she was the only good thing about it.
confused.i am completely and utterly baffled by this movie, but more so by the people who are giving it five stars. once again, it is proven that amazon reviewers only review things that they like. and for some reason, there are people who liked this. i'll admit that the movie has its good qualities - christina ricci is one of my favorite actresses and this film wasn't bad enough that i will hold it against her, some of the acting was charming, it had a few clever scenes and i just liked the look of a lot of it. but as for the important traits of a good movie - the plot was incredibly under-developed as was the script and the transitions just didn't seem to fit, almost too the point of my asking quot;are they trying to make this not make sense?quot; and it's overall just unrealistic. i'd watch it again, sure, but that says nothing about the film
needs captioning.captioning is a valuable service to provide for those of us who need it.  in the film quot;mirandaquot; there is no english closed-captioning track, and the only concession to captions at all is the track in spanish.  i have noticed that british efforts are frequently released without captions, and in quot;mirandaquot; there are the usual modern faults:  nearly inaudible whispering, inadequate separation between dramatic lines and accompanying music, british terms and pronounciations which americans need to hear more accurately, and so forth.  the use of spanish subtitles does not help whatever in these matters.  otherwise, i do believe christina ricci is suitably admired by the photographer
worst movie ever made.without a doubt, this is the worst movie ever made, in any genre, in any decade, by any movie making company since the begining of motion pictures. who ever put sandra bullock's image on the cover of the dvd should be arrested for false advertising, since sandra is only in the movie a few minutes, and isn't very good in her role anyway. what a bomb, and that's an understatement. don't rent it, don't buy it, and don't ever watch it, unless you are completely without anything to do, and want to find out for yourself just how bad a movie can be
whoa! this movie is bad..warning! do not waste your money or your time...sandra bullock is not in this movie enough to warrent the packaging headling her as the star. [...]..the sound quality is really bad, as well as the lighting and if they used a script that too...run from this movie
not too good even with beautiful sandra.i admit it. i bought this one because i think sandra bullock is beautiful and she looked nice on the box. i need not have bothered. she is a very minor character with minimal screen time. she does well in her few moments but that is not enough to make this a "good show"...the story revolves around a madison avenue type who thinks he has a divine mission to found a new religion. he sets about hsi task with all of the market research tools at his disposal and manages to fleece his flock of much of their disposable income. near the end, he begins to see the light and reforms himself...there are a few brief moments of laughter, a few moments of sandra in briefs but the the redeeming moments are all too brief
i hate daytime concerts!.5 stars on cream reunion dvd/cd, and eric does a great job here, but............i just hate daytime concerts, something about the lights at a show and having everything dark and just focusing on the band is what its all about.   i just have always refused to see day shows.   yes i have tried, just to much going on around you to see it takes away big time from the show...plus i hate having a few brews in the day, then i will burnout and crash, sun and beer dont mix.   ..pure and simple.  .. i dont care if srv came back from the dead, if so he better play at night ..zz top are old ..robert randolf is like a record stuck on broken, the whole show..only one song of doyle bramhall ii?!  duh
don't blame the writer.i actually got to read the original screenplay of the flatliners just after the deal was made to make the movie.  i read it and was blown away.  it was awesome..(i keep checking the screenplay websites to see if the original draft by peter filardi gets out but i haven't seen it yet)...a year later, i went to see the movie.  do the initials "wtf" mean anything to you?..about halfway through, i wondered what was going wrong.  "i don't remember reading that."  by the end, i couldn't believe what i was seeing: an incredible screenplay had been completely destroyed.  ..i went to the folks who'd slipped me the script and asked what in the world happened to flatliners.  they were as bummed out as i was...apparently, joel shumacher didn't like the spiritual aspects of the script.  so he threw them out.  let me repeat that: he made a movie about the afterlife--and threw out the spiritual aspects of it.  that's like making a musical and deciding that nobody would want to hear all that singing...then one of the stars became a big star going into production.  her people said, "she's a big star now and she can't do anything wrong.".i could just imagine someone with a brain asking, "but the premise of the film is that everyone has done something wrong and it comes back to haunt them."."no.  you don't understand.  she's a big star and nobody wants to see her do anything wrong...and she won't.".so they butchered the script to satisfy the big star...the heroin-addicted vietnam vet daddy sequence replaced an exciting subplot of a professor wrongly accused of sexual harassment who killed himself and comes back to haunt the female lead.  the ending was great, tying up every strand and leaving on a high note for the survivors.  gone...i actually read an article in fangoria (or maybe it was starlog) where joel shumacher brags--brags--about their ghastly butchering of the original script by himself and the big star who can't do anything wrong...for those of you who wonder why movies are so bad: this is how that happens..peter, i feel for you buddy.  you wrote a five-star script
no real high drama, very little conflict, unlikely story.  good song though!.i'd never seen this 1949 film.  and there it was, beckoning me from the shelf of the new york public library.  there are some urban myths about john wayne but i don't remember any of his films.  ..so, hey, a long weekend was coming up.  i thought i might give it a try. ..this story is about the u.s. cavalry shortly after the civil war.  general custer and his men have just been slaughtered.  the indians are uprising.  john wayne, a gray-haired widower who visits his wife's grave regularly, is in command of a fort in the territory. in less than a week he will be forced into retirement. a romantic triangle exists between joanne dru and two of the enlisted men. she's visiting the fort but because danger is imminent, she and her aunt have to be escorted to where she can get a stagecoach.  so she goes out on patrol with the men. ..i kept waiting for something to happen.  there was no real high drama.  very little conflict.  john wayne becomes the hero because he stops an indian war by chasing away their horses.  everything seems very unlikely.  and silly.  it was hard to keep watching because i was totally bored.  i guess john wayne's performance was all right.  but i judge good performances on the subtlety of emotions displayed by the actors.  and john wayne's performance was completely one-dimensional. ..i've see old movies where the essentials of a good story are well told.  but, aside from the song, "she wore a yellow ribbon", which has a catchy melody, this film just doesn't even make the playing field in my list of recommendations. ..don't waste your time with this one.  just forgetaboutit
disappointed by quality and images.i purchased video for my 14 month old and was really disappointed by this video. first, it claimed to tell the story of noah's ark but it was just a bunch of random images loosely tied with a few quotes about noah.  my daughter watched the video half-way though (which is not so bad) but in general, prefers baby noah by baby einstein and noah's ark by baby miracle. while the video has a few pretty images, i do not recommend it. hope my review is helpful.
warning! spoiler: the irony of the disney world view.disney does it again! they manage to turn two beautiful, compelling books into a story of squabbling american adolescents. i find it supremely ironic that disney felt it necessary to turn a murderous troop of marxist guerrillas into a murderous, greedy mining agent - this from one of the most devouring, money-hungry corporations in the history of capitalism! did they perhaps believe that depicting a troop of black soldiers ruthlessly slaughtering the boy's family wouldn't be as politically correct (or as comprehensible to a pre-teen or early teen audience) as showing a greedy white mining agent ruthlessly slaughtering the boy's family? of course, francois joubert simply has to be transformed into the obnoxious harry winslow (to make the movie more appealing to an american audience). and must every story involving young people of opposite sexes be turned into a "girls are stupid! - boys are stupider! - i love you! - i love you too!" tale of teenage battle of the sexes turned to love? it's been many years since i read the novels, but i don't remember that particular twist to the story, perhaps because van der post wasn't necessarily writing for the 11-14-year-old american market. if you're at all disenchanted with the world as mickey sees (and sanitizes) it, skip the movie and read the books ("a story like the wind" and "a far off place")
movie is totally garbage.this movie is ridiculously inaccurate. noah and his family get attacked by water pirates led by lot who by the way wasn't alive till about 1000 years after the flood. there's a water peddler as well-not in the bible. sodom and gamorrah are destroyed which also doesn't happen for another 1000 years to which lot has a big part. this "lot" is a huge sinner, his wife is horrible and he has no daughters. god is portrayed as whimsical. noah's son's aren't very godly either. it's inaccuracies and toying with the bible makes it worthy of kindling to start a fire. don't bother watching it if you know the bible and love the lord you will end up being disgusted too. hollywood will do anything to ruin biblical movies. stick to the ten commandments, the passion of the christ, this one isn't worth 10 cents..
noahs ark.this has to be the worst thing they could do.. if you really believe in the lord do not but this movie... it is based on many lies first off noah didnt save lot and his wife from sodom and gomorrah abraham did. and it was at least 350 years after the flood that this happen and after the tower of babel. but they have noah in sodom and gomorrah and then moving on and building the ark after its destruction. they also show a pedlar in a boat coming up to the ark once  everything is flooded and they have lot on a ship attacking noah for his ark.. it is a half truth and in my opinion a mockery and i will never buy anything again that has the name hallmark on it. how dare they sell such a lie to peopl
"can't trust scripture?" can't trust secular bible productions is more like it!.all of the other negative reviews are correct. for a made-for-tv movie, from hallmark, this is the worst thing i have ever seen posing as a bible story! ..i don't mind that they tried to incorporate the story of sodom  gomorrha to show the wickedness of mankind, and that they made lot into noah's best friend. they went too far, though, when they had lot become a pirate who survived the flood and tries to take over the ark with his own pirate crew. seriously, that's in this movie!..the most offensive thing towards the bible is when noah and his wife are reflecting upon god's destruction of sodom  gomorrah. noah says they need to find a scribe to write down the story, to which his dizzy wife says, "oh, you can't trust them. scribbling scribes have the worst reputation--they change things! by the time they get through with it, they'll probably say we weren't even there!" ..i can't believe that a bible movie would discredit the reliability of scripture itself! this is awful!..the special effects are hokey, there are loooong boring stretches, and they seem to think the whole noah story is a big joke to have fun with. this is like an episode of xena: warrior princess, in it's seriousness and sense of humor. i'm surprised that hallmark didn't get a boycott over this movie when it first came out. maybe they did? they deserved one over this stinker
inaccuracy not the worst of its sins.unlike many of the reviewers here, i'm not a biblical expert and really don't care if the movie adheres to the stories as they are portrayed in the bible. i would just judge the movie based on its entertainment value and ability to engage me emotionally...the biggest problem with this movie was that it simply seemed to be too long and drawn out. there were also some scenes that felt like padding and added nothing to the story (and in some cases detracted from it). for instance, during the long voyage while the earth was covered by water, everyone goes a bit crazy. that's an acceptable premise but it's played out theatrically for far too long and in a variety of embarrassing scenes for the actors. the idea that they suffered madness was fine to introduce but it shouldn't have taken up so much time nor been quite so adbsurdly plotted out like a little play...there were also a couple of ridiculous encounters on the water (between lot acting as a pirate and a merchant who sold them various trinkets for water) which undermined the entire story of the great flood. everyone was supposed to have perished in the flood and it was a bit absurd that a few would be sailing the high seas on little boats. it was just plain silly and, again, seemed to be put in just to pad the story or add unnecessary "spice" (it didn't work as a means of jazzing up the story)...i'm guessing the writers felt the time on the water had to be long to show how noah and his family suffered or had their faith tested but they also felt it had to be more interesting than just lounging on the boat and taking care of the animals. this type of insecurity with telling a story in the most effective way is what causes so many productions to go bad...to the movie's credit, the actors are quite good and there are some good moments but too much of the movie doesn't work.
another over rated movie.please do not compare this with clock work orange. it's shame. this movie is shame on director. cutting many heads or killing more bodies does not prove movie is good. this movie is like b grade stuff. ..plot is good, but not the direction or screen play
an insult to the honorable.this movie is ok in its way, howver, those connected with it obviously have no concept of the meaning of honnor or duty and, if they have ever bothered to read the original romance understood nothing. tristan in this version is spitefull, self-centered and mean spirited. he blames isolde for the failure of his relationship and forces her to betray her husband, and the man who cared for him a a child. the mythical tristan was a man of great honor and integrity, who put honor, loyalty and duty above all else. he did not betray his lord or his friends. king mark of cornwall in the legend wrongly suspected the couple of an illicit affair. incidentally, the makers of this movie also call tristan 'traistan of aragon' which is in spain. he was actually from lyonesse, which now lies beneath the english channel
this movie is terrible.i love the story of tristan and isolde, so when this movie came out  i was really excited to see it. but it was an incredible dissapointment. i guess i should have known it was doomed from the start, but unfortunately they took the best six or seven bits of the movie and stuck them in the trailer so i really had no idea of the depths it would sink to. first of all, none of these actors are any good. at all. they just don't have the breadth to play these parts. franco and myles often get so worked up that their accents go out the window and they start squabbling like a couple of california teenagers. badly acted california teenagers. it's not entirely their fault; i'm sure they'd be fine if they were cast in roles that were less of a stretch for them (an example: james franco is the only one in spiderman who doesn't suck). but an ancient irish princess and british warrior are apparently too much of a challenge. the other actors aren't very good either. the king of ireland has an accent that is so obviously scottish that i kept expecting him to scream "pass the haggis!", and even rufus sewell fails to do a convincing job with his part. ..the screenplay is also bad, as is the editing. the fight scenes were blurry and hard to follow with way too many cutaway shots, and some bright person decided that the irish and the english should have absolutely identical battle armor so that no one would ever be able to figure out who was who. it was utterly impossible to tell who was winning...and i know that some people just don't care about things like this, but the historical innacuracies really bothered me. i'll just list them. it is highly unlikely that the saxons and the celts would have been cooperating. ireland is portrayed as a united country, which it was not. it was a bunch of tribes, just like britain. the evil empire vibe just doesn't fit. "dunluce", obviously dublin, is the seat of the high king of ireland in this movie, which is ridiculous. the high king's seat is at tara, and dublin didn't even exist yet. it was founded hundreds of years later by the vikings. calling tristan "english" is an anachronism, since he was, in fact, a celt. english refers to the anglo-saxons, and i believe the term wasn't invented until much later. and the irish would have been christian at that point since it was well after saint patrick. ..the only good thing about this movie was the prolific shots of beautiful british and irish landscape, but for me it was just too little too late.
pretty, pretty, pretty, lame..you know, i used to like renny harlin's films when i was younger, but they really don't hold up, i've realized with my coming of age. i think he's a talented director capable of some genuinely biting action scenes ('cliffhanger', 'die hard 2'), but overall his films are messy, and, if i'm to be scholarly in articulating the matter, stupid. ..for me 'deep blue sea' has a few things going for it. one -- the beautiful saffron burrows, who i might add can actually act, doing at least what she can with the generally bankrupt dialogue. plus, there's a laughably contrived scene which requires her to get half-naked; given i didn't care about much by the time this gloriously sleazy moment appeared, i can't say i wasn't all for it. then, there's the uncommonly merciless attitude of the film; none of the characters are given sympathy, and i find that admirable and devoid of manipulation. i mean, sam jackson's fate... female leads being chomped to pieces. in a film comically unrealistic (which i don't judge too harshly, for it is made on the primary premise of super intelligent sharks), the nature of the miserable situation is played out with a welcome, sensible set of results. oh, and i'd say that ll cool j is surely the peak of the film's performances; i hate the guy when he's in that ultra suave, dripping sweat, buldging, chocolate casanova, but his role here is near the antithesis of that; a goofy, bible quoting cook, with an obnoxious bird (i can't imagine who's brain this abominable idea came from) and a past alcohol problem. ..and then there's harlin, who, like i said, certainly has a knack for creating some of the most awesomely thrilling action scenes among hollywood's finest directors of the genre. but, in 'deep blue sea', sad to say, there are only a small handful. also of some note is the score by trevor rabin, which covers moods from heroically cheesy to atmospheric and eerie. i think this is especially commendable for rabin because, by and large, this is a horror/thriller (the former a bit of a stretch), requiring him to maintain a good deal more restraint than has ever been requested of the composer...when it's all said and done though, it's just not very good. i can understand why people would enjoy it, because it is mindless and has some redeeming features spawning from that sense of recklessness -- and surely, i'm not against this particular mentality in a film -- but it's just a bit too stupid and apathetic for me to care. i got it used for a bargain, but i'm not sure it was really worth even that. and, while i'm by no means ashamed of its existence within my library, i'm pretty confident i'll never sit through the entire thing again
given a choice between the dentist and the deep blue sea, take the least painful option - get a cavity filled.caution: this review contains a couple spoilers!..first off, i have to admit that my husband and i ended up seeing this by accident, when flipping through channels. what is not accidental (and is patently inexcusable, in my opinion) is the sheer awfulness of this movie. it was so bad it was funny, and for that reason alone we watched it for the (surely unintended) comedy.  ..the movie is rife with stock and unoriginal characters: whiny useless blonde woman, who can only stand there and scream at critical junctures (almost as vexing as those young women in horror flicks who are running for their lives but always trip and/or fall down), sexy young doctor/bimbo character (i guess she finished that pesky phd while still in high school), buff blonde himbo (no, that's not a typo, he's just the male surfer version of the bimbo), and a couple of token minorities, one of whom gives preachy pep talks (we actually cheered when in the midst of jackson's character's "we must pull together as a team to survive" rah-rah speech, a shark surfaced and gulped him down raw). yummy. mr. shark doesn't fancy that sanctimonious claptrap anymore than we did...most amusing scene: bimbo scientist feels it necessary to strip off her wetsuit before she kills a shark, and after all the drama and suspense of the impromptu strip-tease we see she's wearing sensible white undies rather than victoria's secret. aww, what a disappointment. but i guess good girls don't go to heaven if they wear naughty underwear. ..more things we picked up on: whenever a character cusses, drinks, smokes, or looks at porn, something terrible happens. evil shark suddenly appears and punishes said sinner. hardly subtle. (for example, one guy lights up a cigarette and seconds later loses a hand - hubby said this was the best anti-smoking campaign ad ever!) there are probably more than a dozen references to god throughout this film, which in itself is not objectionable, but becomes obvious and annoying after more than a couple times. there's even a "group hug" scene where all the characters join hands in a circle and pray. what is this, the 700 club? not to mention a shark gets stabbed with a crucifix in the end. spare us the lofty moral overtones and get on with the story already. oh wait, that would require a plot, wouldn't it?  ..a lot of people have been comparing this movie to "jaws." i'm not sure what they've been smoking (careful there, might lose a hand!;), but the only thing this joke of a film has in common with "jaws" is the cgi effects might as well date from the 70s. there's no excuse for a 1999 film to have cgi so terribly bad that it's just plain embarrassing after awhile. cast should have done shadow-puppets on a wall instead - i think it would have been scarier. more entertaining, too...this movie is so predictable, so corny, and so appallingly bad that i wonder if the actors even dare list it on their resumes.
no show.this item was never received. amazon's tracking system claims that it was shipped on january 20 by canada post.
what a pity!.i hope people don't start to think of this movie as alien 5.  in my mind this is a whole new venture, one that is separate from any of the work that sigourney weaver did on the first four alien films.  the first 4 films are pretty good and i really like the whole series.  it works rather well and i would love to see another alien film with sigourney in it.  i think they could pull off one more film.  ripley's a great hero...this movie was pretty bad.  the only reason i give it 2 stars is because of the special effects.  i felt like i was watching a scooby doo version of alien.  whoever greenlit this film clearly just wanted to make money.  the plot was..well..stupid and the atmosphere of the movie was pretty much non-existent.  each of the first four alien movies were provocative in some sense no doubt because of sigourney's involvement.  this one was as boring as a white wall and it was as cheesy as a funhouse at a state fair.
the legend reworked....to be fair, the legends of herakles, as they were originally written, have little to do with this movie, but maybe that's for the best.  having grown up on superman, batman and the justice league, i have a hard time calling a person like herakles a hero.  in the original legends, he was a warrior, but also a brute who eventually wound up killing his wife and children in a fit of rage.  he also wasn't, as far as i can tell, as strong as in this version..therefore, interpretations of herakles are, i think, to be judged not on whether or not they deviate from the legend, but on where and why..disney has attempted to take herakles (or hercules, in the roman) and make it a story about a true hero, and a perfect one at that.  there's nothing i like more than perfect heroes.  they inspire me.  conceptually, i like the idea..instead of herakles being the illegitimate son of zeus and a mortal woman, he's conceived in love by zeus and hera and turned mortal by a potion.  not bad.  as changes go, it works better than most..herc meets meg at the beginning of his hero carreer and falls instantly in love with her and she with him (another deviation from the legend, and a very good improvement.)  of course, because hera is his mother in this version, she can't be herc's enemy, so they make his opponent hades; lord of the dead, which could be worse, as changes go.  i've never seen hades as being all that bad of a guy, but that's how it goes.  then there's the hydra, which is, if anything, much larger and more powerful than it was originally, so that's good too.  aside from this, however, i have to say i was disappointed with most of the changes..the titans, to start with, were underplayed considerably.  it might have been premature to mention that they were zeus' predecessors, but they could at least have given them powers similar to what they actually had, and a roughly-similar appearance.  oceanus, for example, lashing out with blasts of water from his hands like a fire hose, or cronos reversing the movements of his olympian enemies would have made for an excellent action sequence, particularly since hercules didn't beat the titans alone in the original stories, nor does it make sense that he should in this one (grabbing a whirlwind?  come on now.).i actually didn't mind hades' used-car-salesman demeanor all that much, though i didn't see a reason why he should have flame-based powers when that's clearly apollo's territory.  further, i thought most of the gods and muses were given no credit at all in terms of their innately glorious nature..why is this the case?  i think disney made the mistake, in this film, of not just trying to make the legends clean, but fun as well, and there's nothing fun about war.  i'm not saying they couldn't have made the concept work.  in fact, i'm saying they could have made it work if they'd toned down the comedy and given the characters a bit of respect (justice league style.).still, for what it's worth, this is one of the few movies left in the world that isn't afraid to dwell on the concept of a hero, and for that it's worth at least one viewing.  rent it from your local video store, in my opinion, before you make your decision
the film deserves no credit. disney thinks that people are too stupid to read the great stories that they changed..i am so mad at disney and their movie "hercules" because they changed the film just because they think they will get away with changing stories. i like greek mythology, but the movies have not been good at all. and this weak effort is not going to do anything about it. the plot has been changed completly, pegasus is never mentioned in the real version, he is not trying to impress people, he had no trainer, the lion and the lion skin is not mentioned, the hydra fight is because of a different reason, ugly characters, hercules was never in love with a chick, hades is not a bad guy but he is not good either, and all kinds of things that i won't mention. ..don't buy this movie because it is completly different, why don't you read greek mythology instead of watching this
how did platoon miss the cut?.one would have to be a glutton for punishment to sit through this many oliver stone movies in a row.  but, i see stone is artfully packaging himself these days now that he has nothing new to offer, unless you count his homage to fidel castro.  the only movies worth watching are his early movies, salvador and platoon, which for some reason didn't make the cut. instead, you have the insufferable born on the fourth july and his conspiracy theories on the death of jfk, with a whole lot of filler in between
waste of time.ring two wasn't scary at all and though i was sad when the cute guy got killed there was really nothing to really comment about except it was pretty boring.  if you want to get creeped out watch boogyman or saw 1 or
ok but not scary.this movie is not scary at all  want to get freaked out watch boogeyman  very scary
ring two-electric boogaloo.where do i start? this movie is a follow up to "the ring" which was an americanized adaptation of the japanese book "ringu" which was an extremely scary book. the first "ring" was awful, the story which was changed from the book, didn't make a lot of sense and the actress naomi watts and the kid who played her son david dorfman could not carry off the acting needed for this type of story. the ring two, picks up where the first one kinda leaves off, is samara up to her old tricks? are people still watching vhs nowadays for real? can the "black and white" footage from the first movie be used again and again to create the mood? the son, aidan, played by dorfman, was meant to be the "possessed tortured child" but actually came off as "annoying, flat, and useless" are we supposed to care about him? i wanted samara to take control of him and go out on the beach get some color, and have a great life. naomi watts has absolutely no chemistry with this child, no motherly instinct, i think she cared more about her leather jacket!! a sequel wasn't needed at all; nothing was "uncovered" except for sissy spacek looking terrible in a wig and nightdress. the scene where the deer go all nutso, made my face cringe, once again over use of cgi effects, so that the "animals" don't look like the real thing at all, instead they look like bambi on steroids. skip this sequel, skip the first movie, go and read "ringu" you wont be disappointed
unnecessarily epic....after 40 minutes of objective viewing, and shot after superfluous shot, i sat through another 30 minutes in pain. i've come to the fairly well informed conclusion that either peter jackson can only do epics wheather it calls for it or not, or lotr in all it's incarnations had immense levels of supervision for jacksons from higher-ups. kong is not an epic, it is a tragedy. tell me to watch the whole thing, if you will, but if the film is constructed so poorly 70 minutes in, i don't need to. on another note. jurassic park had better cgi than this. mr. jackson, no more 'epic fly-by shots please.
now a longer version of a movie that was too long?.ok, the original is a classic and is what...90...100 minutes long? jackson stretches it out to 3 hours and adds very little to the story.  the native were scary. the quiet scenes with kong were welcome additions, they actually made him into a character...something that can't be said for any of the human characters...the insect scenes are ridiculous!! the dinosaur stampede was idiotic. anything with the young cabin boy almost seemed like it was clipped out of another movie. now jackson is adding 38 munutes to a movie that is grossly over padded to begin with?!?..peter jackson is a hack director that has no idea how to tell a story efficiently.remind me to skip his next 15 3 hour long epics
awful.the depression era introduction was the best part of this movie as another reviewer mentioned. from the moment they reached king kong's island the movie quickly spiraled to a painful viewing experience. i felt no sympathy for the big stupid ape. how can anyone feel anything for king kong? he keeps a village hostage to a tiny part of an island, forces them to provide him sacrificial women, and tortures the female star of the movie. it seems so ridiculous that she ends up liking king kong. the villains of the movie were my heroes. i kept hoping they would succeed in killing him so the pain of this awful movie would end
a lot of trouble for nothing..the characters in this book and production are its downfall.  the young lady owner sees someone take her diamond.  she has access to this person; it is someone she knows.  why not just ask this person to give the diamond back?  why not ask "why did you take it?"  why condemn this person without giving him or her a chance to speak?  this stupid girl (rachel is her name) soured me on the whole book!  this is not the way that people would really act in this situation.  collins asks readers to suspend disbelief too much.  if rachel had spoken up, she could have saved others, like sargent cuff a lot of trouble
moonstone.i felt the movie lacked. the end was a real let down. i have seen better
not quite as enthralling as i had hoped....granted, i should have seen this coming, having read louisa may alcott's predictable preteen novel before buying the film version. i guess i was hoping that the movie would fix up all the flat characterizations and narrow plotlines i had lamented while reading alcott's early piece. alas, i put too much faith in cinema. the movie did absolutely nothing to improve upon the book. the main female character is far too demure and morally perfect to connect in any real way with her audience (which actually seems to sell more books than i would think, as per janette oke) and the female antagonist is villified to the extent that she no longer seems human. the male love-interest is the traditional tall, dark, handsome, and vacuous one who, though faithful to his love, lacks any sort of purpose outside of wooing her. ..overarching these characterization flaws is a general lack of cinematographic care that relegates this movie to the "made-for-tv" genre, which, though not dominated solely by poor films, is not known for its quality. to me, it was much like watching a lifetime movie: predictable, entertaining for lack of an alternative, and not terribly significant. ..don't read me incorrectly. this movie is great for anyone who is just plain bored. if you don't enjoy actually watching the movie, you will probably enjoy laughing incredulously as each character delivers horrible lines. hey, it's only 6 bucks, anyway. why not buy it and see for yourself? it's what i did, and just because i was disappointed doesn't mean you have to be
do not buy the 3d version...less than 15 mins total 3d.i wish i came here first before allowing my 5 yr old daughter to save and buy this movie, we own the original (non 3d version) and she knew the 3d version was the same movie but was excited about the 3d aspect and the commercial rums every 15 mins here so she asked if she could get it.  ..we made a chore chart and started saving and mom and dad pitched in half, (at least we had some learning involved with the chore chart), finally got up the money to go buy the 3d version, got home turned off lights put on glasses even made popcorn, mom dad daughter, then we realized bibble pops on and says take glasses off after a few mins of intro 3d?  15 mins goes by no 3d then you are told put glasses on again etc, overall this movie contains about 10-15 mins total of 3d and most of it not in parts you would even want to see 3d action.....needless to say having already bought the first release, even knowing this would be the same movie but buying it for the 3d feature, it falls short bigtime due to the lack of 3d in the movie...buy the original it's better, and it is a good movie!  just having kids take off the 3d glasses 5+ times per showing (expecting them to hold them i guess?) for 15-20 mins at a time between the 2-3 min 3d segments is just asking for broken paper 3d glasses and leads to an overall dud of a supposed 3d release
on the dark side.i was disappointed in this movie - especially after fairytopia - as this is much darker and sinister - i will not show it again to my 4 year old.  while the villians in fairytopia are on the comical side and not that threatening - there are dark and scary villians in this one (to a 4 year old) and abundant use of weapons/swordplay - not appropriate in my book.  i can not rate the 3d - as we did not watch it in 3d - but my kids loved playing with the glasses ;-
same old characters.i should start by saying that i enjoyed the first season, but even then it was too repetitive.  i expected more of the same from the second season, but hoped they'd at least do it with more new characters than existing ones.  i have to admit that daffyd still cracks me up, but most of the original characters have long since grown tired...i did watch the first two episodes of this season in hysterics - the woman at the spa and the jam tasting are especially shocking and hilarious.  but once it sunk in that it was going to be the same old stuff over and over again (again), i was disappointed...there are a few really great moments, and the guys are genuinely funny (matt lucas plays women better than any guy i know!) - but there's not nearly enough variety to keep this series fresh
mind numbingly boring repetition.after seeing the first series, i thought (hoped) that intelligence had started to find it's way back to humor. with the second series, i see that i was wrong. horribly wrong. in the former, we were introduced to these characters, and with each new scene, a new quirk or tidbit was released to us. in the latter, there is no development at all. it is formulaic. the characters basically do the same thing, again and again, without even much of a change in scenery. messrs. walliams and lucas do not challenge themselves to broaden these individuals in the least, which i find all the more egregious because they have an unerring eye for detail. perhaps the grind of a series is too much for them. it certainly seems that they have stopped caring. if you like to "parrot" characters verbatim, play drinking games by shouting out what's coming next in a scene, or find that you've been attracted to saturday night live post 1979, you might like this. i was acutely disappointed
a waste of time.maybe if you're a preteen, you'd find this stuff funny but, for the most part, what is presented as humor isn't.  it must be the brits are really starved for laughs since monty python left the air if they think this is funny.  i'd give it zero stars, if that were an option.  save your money
damaged product....after of a long period without seeing my dvd copy, i was alerted by a friend that his copy was oxidized. and so was mine. what to do? in my dvd collection only this one is damaged!!!..i like kylie and this wonderful collection wich deserves lots of stars + starkyle
exit the freeway....this movie was loaned to me, (thank god i did'nt rent it) and is the biggest waste of a few hours of my life ever! the acting is so horrible it made me cringe,and the cuts in the movie were done to where it seemed like it had been edited for tv.this is supposed to be a black comedy? it's not funny, and the so called violence in it made me yawn, seriously, i've seen more gore on the simpsons. there are so many things in the movie that are amazingly unbelievable, k. sutherland walks for miles to a hospital with a bullet through his neck, head,and two in the back.r. witherspoon overpowers sutherland (for the second time) and strangles him, pretty good for a 90 pound teenage girl huh?  but, i do think everybody should watch this movie once so you can see what a movie should not be.(besides, misery loves company
warning.not in a long time have i had such a dislike for a movie as i do with freeway. i am a fan of dark comedies so i thought i might check this movie out, it has reese witherspoon after all, how bad could it be? well, really bad. first of all on a good note, reese witherspoon is good enough in the movie, although her character isn't all that likeable nor do you empathize with her all that much. but reese does a good job with what shes given.. my main beef with the movie is that i would not call it a dark comedy. it's more like a comedy that also wants to be dark, graphic and serious, or a dark graphic serious movie that wants to be funny. the result is that it's a movie that doesnt know what it is or what it's trying to do. both the funny parts and the serious parts are horribly mixed together in a way that it feels like two different movies fighting for the screen.. but hey, if you find being shot in the neck, or stiff lifeless grandmas with their throats slit and a horrified expression on their face to be funny, you just might like this movie
price gouging!.$174.99 is ridiculous!  you guys keep upping the price!  i paid $114.99 elsewhere
great material. ate-up pricing and marketing.don't get me wrong, south park is genius comedy. sitcoms from the 50's through the 80's usually had a moral at the end of each ep. i dare you to find an episode of "the oc" or "dawson's creek" or "prison break" that has a healthy moral..sp has an intelligently articulated moral at the end of (almost) every single episode. when my kids turn 14, they will be forced to watch all the back episodes...in other matters:.you can pay $155.99 for the 5 season dvd set. .or you can pay $128.89 and buy seasons 1 through 5 individually. .somebody at amazon hasn't been doing their homework...price this collection for $99.99 and you'll sell about a billion of them. ..update: it's april 12th, 2006 (2 days after i made the above review) and the prices of the south park dvd's has changed. seasons 1 - 5 now go for $29.99 each; $149.95 for all 5. the 5 season collection is $155.99. what do i get for my extra 6 bucks? a fancier box?.if you customer buys your product in volume, they usually get a discount, not an upcharge! duh! ..update: it's tuesday april 18th. the total price for seasons 1-5 purchased individually on amazon is $118.85. .the box set is $145. it should be about $100 and i won't buy it until it is.
bidi bidi we have trouble buck.i gave this a 2 star review not because i don't like the series but the way the disks were processed. dvd-18 has flaws big flaws and the episode near the outer edge of the disk often suffer the most. i have purchased other universal shows which had less problems. airwolf, the a team, ect. the only saving grace is i have a number of dvd players so i have managed to salvage all or most of the br episodes. why put all of the episodes on 5 disks? to save money but they charge big bucks for the sets
find something else.i loved this movie when i was a kid. i bought it out of nostalgia, and regretted it. the movie may have been good for its time, but it is just bad now.  rock hudson gives a not-believable performance as a sub commander, and the bad guys are sterotypes.
dated and not very engaging......this is among the most boring movies ever made.  all the actors give weak performances and the ending makes you want to go to sleep
bummer..i've been doing a lot of research about the artist artemisia gentileschi, and this movie really doesn't fit the historical data that we do have about this amazing artist and woman...it's a beautiful movie, but the facts are just wrong, especially concerning her rape by her tutor, agostino tassi.  it is unfortunate that the filmmakers chose to portray her in this light, because she was such an amazing, talented, and strong woman.  this movie really dampens her strength and determination by making her into a seductress instead of a victim
personal truths and loyalties.i read all 33 of the other reviews here to get other perspectives - a lively debate.  there were so many brilliant things said about the film, that i found myself passing out "helpful" votes (to both positive  blisteringly negative reviews) like they were candy.  the movie is an evocative work of art.  i encourage people to read all the reviews if they want to enjoy the movie from many different points of view.  i agree with many of the positive and negative comments that have been made by other reviewers, but i will limit my comments to items not previously mentioned...the dvd cover gives the false impression that this is a love story about two young lovers, a sort of "blue lagoon" from the renaissance.  it is not.  it is misleading...i concede a) the story is probably not historically accurate, b) statutory rape occurred and probably rape under any definition,  c) tossi was probably inconsiderate, conceited, and immoral.  but the quality of a film is not judged solely on historical accuracy and the high morality of the characters.  having said that, i do object that the movie, according to the rape trial transcript and some of the best evidence available, is not just inaccurate, but oppositional to what probably occurred.  therefore, i critique the film for portraying itself as the story of a real person.  the movie stumbles internally because it tries to justify actual historical effects with fictional (or incorrect) causal factors.  and those cause-effect relationships don't seem to ring true...having said that, i agree with some of richard burt's review comments that "historical accuracy" may still be subject to interpretation.  it is reasonable that artemisia may have been more adversarial speaking in a public rape trial (defending her freedom and reputation) than she might have been with tassi personally.  and it seems too easy to just paint tassi as a purely evil character as other reviewers have done.  there is usually more complexity and diverse/conflicting interests in most people, especially artists...one strong objection - near the end of the film, artemisia says, "no one dies of sorrow."  while there is probably some intended sarcasm in the comment, the line frustrated me.  people do die of sorrow.  my limited experience has suggested that some of the smartest, most sensitive, artistic, and caring people i've encountered were the same people most threatened by sorrow.  and the people i have admired the most are the same people who have been mortally threatened by sorrow.  not selfish, controlling, or passive-aggressive sorrow, but rather sorrow that comes from other less obvious motivations - often unidentified  misunderstood misconceptions.  sorrow can lead to literal death and deaths of the spirit, character, the soul,  creativity.  sorrow is not incidental.  sorrow can destroy health.  or as the angel of america in "angels in america" says, "the body is the garden of the soul."  sorrow is worth full attention...the movie tries to examine the effect of artemisia's loyalties to her father and her teacher.  the screenwriter is not bent on us assessing those relationships as simply "good" or "bad"; both relationships are drawn as having both good or bad effects on artemesia.  her loyalties encourage her artistry and her expression.  they work to create an environment that does not inhibit or conceal her gifts.  at the same time, they are so intrusive that they almost certainly affect her choices, privacy, and pacing beyond her desired level of influence...artemisia realizes she would probably not be the painter she becomes except for her father's drive and design.  at the same time, she also laments that his constant intervention narrowed the occupations she could participate in - in polite society...may your loyalties encourage seeking and speaking the best personal truths you can find.  and may the best personal truths you can find shape your loyalties...compare caravaggio's "judith beheading holofernes" to artemisia's version of the same painting.  her version is more violent, realistic (less idealized in posing, dirtiness, lighting, etc.).  her version has the female servant actively helping judith.  artemisia's paintings show a palpable understanding of hate, violence, sexuality  compassion.  artemisia likely became expressive of the personal feelings and experiences she knew best.  that's why people care about whether a movie about her life characterizes her experiences accurately - because we want to know what led her to her creative decisions
what in the world....alright, the film has gorgeous landscapes, beautiful costumes and quite talented actors.  however, if the director believed that incorporating pornography in the film would make up for its lack of historical accuracy, she was sadly mistaken.  first of all, artemisia "was" raped by agostino tassi--although she did not bring up a case against him as soon as it happened--and she never fell in love with him.  agostino tassi, likewise, was never the loving and caring person portrayed in this film but an opportunistic man who believed himself to be superior to all other artists of his time, and the reason he raped artemisia was that a virtuous girl would "pay" a lot of money amongst friends, and the one who rid the girl of her virginity would win and ensure that the girl didn't find a suitable husband.  yes, artemisia did go to trial, and yes she was tortured, but all the while for her case against agostino tassi.  she accused him of rape--even though her father did not support her--and won her case after being tortured and ridiculed for being a "female painter".  i was extremely disappointed in the film and i'm sure that art historians will find it as ridiculous and faulty
wretched tripe.the first ten minutes into this movie i knew it was going ot be a bitter disappointment. take a good look at the real artemisia gentileschi's self portrait - she does not look like an undernourished teenager. take a good look at the actress they picked for this movie. right. not even close...other reviewers have done a better job pointing out various other flaws - this was just the first one that offended me about this piece of trash of a movie. ..if you love the work of artemisia gentileschi, stay far away from this vile movie
good scenery, pretty costumes, however.historically inaccurate, as has been mentioned before.  before you see the movie search online for artemisia's work.  if the director, in her movie had shown the very powerful piece "susannah and the elders" her theory of artemisia's romance with tassi would have been ripped to shreds.  only a woman suffering from circumstance and a cruel injustice could've depicted scenes with such passion.  in the painting susannah's face and posture show such despair and hopelessness.  also, judith and holofernes (sp?), it doesn't take a genius to see the violence there.  for heaven's sake, she's sawing his head off, no quick slice there!  judith's face is one of grim determination.  plus only a female director who submits passively to domestic abuse and lacks self esteem or vision can make a rape into a gentle love affair(yes, i am saying i think the director needs counseling).  plus the movie never mentions the fact that tassi attempted to have his wife killed on five different occasions.  see this great woman's work, don't buy the movie
sterile, derivative and plastic.......just like hollywood and just like the music industry which, i guess, is the point.  ..john travolta, playing on his character from get shorty (and, to a lesser degree, like his character in pulp fiction and swordfish) is mr. cool.  this time he's trying to make it big in the music biz.  he discovers a new talent (artist christina milian) and works his way through an assortment of characters that are more types and cliches than real characters.  ..a brand name cast and yet no one makes any more than a dent on the personality radar.  the dialogue seems forced, funnier on the script than on the screen and most scenes feel posed and sterile.  most of the actors appeared as bored as many celebrities are outside of their media personae.  aside from a few interesting moments, only one speech toward the end made by cedric the entertainer redeemed the film.  ..it's like a big commercial (which, i suppose, is any hollywood film).  certain musicians get shameless plugs (steven tyler and aerosmith, included in the film), various movies get shameless plugs (including, in a not so disguised fashion, get shorty), certain hollywood landmarks (e.g. the mann chinese theater) are plopped into the film like a tourist video and even the l.a. lakers and the staples center get a plug.  ..it's an attempt to play on the irony of making a film about making a film or, in this case, making a musician.  so we watch travolta as mr. cool navigating the landscape of the music industry to give christina milian her sudden and instantaneous rise to the top of the charts.  the ending is so horribly cheesy i felt as if i was watching american idol...watchable, but barely...the player covered this terrain so much better.
the rock and  vaughn stole the show.thankfully i watched this movie having recorded it on my dvr so i could fast forward through most of the scenes with uma thurman and john travolta.  their scenes and dialogue were so horrible that fast forward was the only way to get through the movie.  besides, this is not the kind of movie that you really need their dialogue to understand or enjoy it.  ..as usual, uma's acting is simply dreadful. i tend to avoid any movie with her in it because i know it will be bad.  how she became a "star" in hollywood is beyond me.  she is not attractive nor can she act.  she could have been replaced by a nobody and it wouldn't have changed the movie one bit.  i think when they need an actress who doesn't mind playing drivel roles, they call her. john travolta is not much better.  his version of "cool" just doesn't do it for me. his diction is becoming more slurred as the years go by that i hate to hear him speak.  and someone please tell uma and john that nobdody wants to see them dance so please just stop finding reasons to do so.  ..the only reason i gave this movie 2 stars is because of the rock and vince vaughn.  their roles were priceless and had me laughing all throughout the movie.  i never grew tired of vaughn pimping and the rock primping.  while i fast forwarded through uma and travolta's scenes, i tended to rewind during rock's and vaughn's scenes; they were so funny i had to see them again.  cedric the entertainer was also pretty good.
my advice, watch 'get shorty' instead.the problem with this film is i read the book.  i was disappointed simply because `be cool' is an obvious showcase for the musical talent.  the overly long dance sequence with john travolta and uma thurman is a prime example.  somewhere the bulk of the story was lost--and there are some very--very good characters appearing in the film that would've been more intersing if somebody would've said, "hey, don't forget the book!"  but being true to the original source is not hollywood's strong suit.  "be cool" provides some popular music, some known faces, but without john travolta, the movie would never have been made.  ..a few laughs are provided.  a couple ironic scenes show up, but there's too little to sustain a full-length feature.  basically, the project is a disservice to everyone involved.  some of the characters are so thin--face it--poor christina milian as linda moon, is reduced to being a voice that sways when she sings--a clich.  the rock does the best he can but again, `he's a gay bodyguard;' he's the  brunt of insulting jokes offered up by a raji, his boss [vince vaughn], who, in the book, is far more sinister--but in the film he's an idiot.  ..of course chili is chili. travolta does a very nice job, and chili's obviously the smartest guy in the room.  uma thruman's performance is, well, not funny--not serious, not intense--not much-- at best, she made me shrug.  i do like what harvey keitel did with nick carr, but there's just not enough, and all the negatives reflect completely on the director.  enough said there...my advice, watch `get shorty'again, or read `be cool.'
not worth watching.all "style" and no substance. even the dance number with john travolta  uma thurman was lackluster. and would cedric the "entertainer" please go away? i've never seen anything with him in it that was any good. i should have known just by his presence in the movie it was going to be a dud. i think christina milian's voice is good but not so great to make such a fuss over.
if i want to see a boring and pointless dream sequence i'll rewatch dallas.roger ebert, a review i greatly respect and normally agree with, raved about this flick.  roger, i love you, but you missed the boat on this one...i'm not going to review the plot because it's been done by several reviewers already.  suffice it to say, david lynch didn't get enough of symbolism interpretation in freshman english ("okay, class, who wants to discuss the meaning of the impaled pig's head on page 72 in lord of the flies?  david, how about you?") and now want to inflict it on you, the unwitting movie watching public.  thanks, mr. lynch, but i'll pass.  i didn't enjoy figuring out the obscure symbolism in page after page of crime and punishment and i didn't enjoy it in scene after scene of mulholland drive.   ..to add insult to injury, lynch prides himself on putting scenes in his movie that make absolutely no sense, rationalizing it by saying life often doesn't make sense.  this habit of his is less noticible in this film than, say, twin peaks, mostly because the whole film is for the most part senseless.  yeah, it's true that a lot of things are absurd in my own life, but more along the lines of "...i would've won powerball this week except i spent my lottery money on a scented candle at the renfaire, what the heck was i thinking..." or "...i wasted 2 1/2 hours of my life watching this dumb movie, what the heck was i thinking..." but i've yet to be visited by scrawny cowboy or a wheelchaired dwarf.  i must live a sheltered life or something...lynch also forbids chapter cuts in his dvd, believing his movie must be watched in its entirety, or not at all (i'd advise the second.)  to be fair, in this case i don't think he's motivated entirely by a exaggerated sense of importance, but rather by the knowledge that every male, if given the chance, would overshoot most of the movie and focus on the hot chick on chick action.  c'mon all you 5 star givers, admit it!  you find the movie pretentious and silly, but the topless scenes more than make up for all the drippy pseudo-art!  ..to reiterate, if i wanted to see a boring and pointless dream sequence i'll rewatch dallas - if i wanted to see a nice rack i'll take my top off and look in the mirror.  who needs mulholland drive
don't let the cover fool you.ok, i'm sure cal pozo is a good guy and a great instructor but the cover is way too misleading!!!  don't be fooled thinking that there is anyone under 50 associated with this dvd in any way, shape or form.  there are a couple of steps that you might find useful but for the most part the rest is useless unless you plan on taking a senior cruise anytime soon.  if you're looking for a lawrence welk experience (not meant as a shot) then by all means pick it up you won't be disappointed... but for anything else... stay away
frustrating!!!.i'm mad to have paid for this dvd! mr. pozo only teaches and demonstrates the man's part for most steps, which is frustrating since the woman's part is exactly the opposite. he goes through everything so quickly we kept having to stop and back it up. it doesn't teach you to dance, and it especially doesn't teach you in minutes.
looks like he didn't make it.i have say that i am pretty disapointed in the over all production of the dvd. it would never stand up against the david mallet attention to detail of the "music and passion" dvd.  first of all the video is way over saturated thoughout because the concert is not really lite for television at all. at best it's a 4 or 5 camera shoot with no crowd flybys or jib shots. it looks worse if you watch it on an hd monitor. the audio is even worse than the video. it sounds like they took a 2 channel board mix and attempted to peel off a 5.1 surround mix which is not very clean. the audio is very thin with a weak mid-range and a very poor bass mix. i had to crank my sub-woofer all the way up just to hear the bass and it still is not that great. finally, barry manilow in the round is really nothing to watch. i love him and would rather see the band behind him rather then in a pit off stage. he looks alone and the composition of the shots are flat and unbalanced. he also looks uncomfortable because it...the production numbers are hard to watch and average at best. dave koz is big help on "brooklyn blues" but hard to see because they never throw a spotlight on him. at least not a good one. ..barry is strong as ever though. i guess i got my 13 dollars worth but given the chance to but this dvd again knowing what i now, i wouldn't buy it.  sounds like i'm a snob but i'm not. i'm spoiled on hd and have high television standards. quality sound and video are a must these days.  ..i hope he teams up with david mallet again. i'll buy that dvd...sorry barry. this one just doesn't stand up to the others...s.
pretty revealing.this dvd exposes the ultimate warrior as 25% postitive and 75% negative..i do believe that jim hellwig does suffer from narcissm in relation to his ongoing identity crisis.  just another case of a wreslter who couldn't seperate himself from the character, and even still till this day as he is retired give speaches to colleges.  the only thing that bothers me is that jim hellwig wasn't involved in this dvd to give his perspective and opinions.  he was offered to participate and again offered to make his story heard before and after the fact.  jim hellwig declined,  used it as another opportunity to initiate a lawsuit..this guy did make an impact in the wrestling world, but it was too shortlived.  fans can chalk it up as a cool memory, but unfortunately not one linked with any high level of respect like we can with flair, piper, hogan, and the most respected of all the undertaker
wouldn't buy it again.this video covers several basic exercises you can do with an exercise ball.  i don't care for the woman who does it -- i find her personality a little annoying.  that aside, there is no way to do the exercises straight through without title segues between each position.  this makes for a long workout with too much rest between positions.  it's nice the first time through because you are just learning.  but i would have preferred an option for a traditional style video without titles and intro descriptions for each position
laugh out loud bad!!!!.take hammett's "the glass key" (and be sure not to credit it), muck it up with pointless violence, mix with stilted, often inane dialogue which would not be out of place in a comic book, stir in over-the-top ham acting by just about everyone, add cartoonish, cliched scene setup and direction and you've got "miller's crossing", the most unintentionally hilarious gangster movie i ever saw. .was there a script? did the actors ever see it? .were he not dead, i would have suspected the immortal ed wood jr. of having directed this film! then again... .a marvel of directorial ineptitude, this a "must see" comedy experience!
which version is reviewed?.there appear to be at least 3 different versions of this dvd for sale on amazon, each with a different price. some reviews say the video quality is good, some say it is terrible.  it would be helpful if amazon would indicate which version of this movie each review is associated with so that customers could decide which one to choose
the squatter as hero.in terms of both format and style, "rent" - despite its superficially modernist tendencies - has its roots firmly planted in the grand old operatic tradition.  yet, it suffers from the weakness common to most modern musicals in which the characters sing virtually nonstop throughout the entire production - which is that it makes it hard for the audience to connect with the characters.  in more traditional musicals, the long stretches of spoken exposition between song-and-dance sequences serve as an opportunity for the audience to get to know the characters as recognizable, flesh-and-blood human beings.  this is less of a problem with a florid romantic fantasy like "phantom of the opera," which seems a natural for this type of approach, but with material like "rent," which is small in scale and intimate in scope, the constant singing serves as a distancing device for the audience.  i know that this play (and, perhaps now, even the movie) has generated a passionately loyal fan base who considers "rent" practically sacrosanct and therefore beyond criticism, but to someone, like myself, coming cold to the work, "rent" adds up to much less than the sum of its parts...the story, a modern day update of "la boheme" set in greenwich village, starts on christmas eve, 1989, and ends on christmas eve, 1990.  this was at the height of the aids epidemic, and, indeed, many of the film's characters - primarily gay men and former junkies - are struggling with the disease (aids being the modern equivalent of the consumption used in the original story).  there's also a wheezy subplot involving a real estate company that wants to evict the starving artists (one is tempted to call them "deadbeats") from a building in order to further their diabolical scheme of re-developing a city block..."rent" - with its noble "performance artists" doing battle against the big bad corporate bullies - feels less like a relic from the `80's than one from the `60's.  though intended to be the heroes of the piece, the artists and bohemians often come across as nave, painfully self-absorbed, and annoyingly self-righteous, an attitude epitomized by one of the characters rigging a local atm machine so that his buddies can withdraw unlimited amounts of money from it using his dead boyfriend's name (the heavily allegorical "angel") as the password (this is somehow supposed to be seen as admirable and a tribute to the spirit of the dead man).  anything`s better than actually working, i suppose, and becoming a tool of corporate america.  when one of the men finally takes a dreaded "job" ( a mere sinecure, i might add) so that he can actually pay the rent he owes (horrors!), he acts as if he is selling his soul to satan, and has to have two of his lady friends accompany him to the interview for moral support and to offer him assurances that he will still be able to live with himself even after he has soiled his hands with the dirty mammon from an honest-to-god paycheck.  i wonder why it never occurs to any of these characters that the capitalist system they loathe so deeply is also helping to produce drugs that will one day lead to a possible cure for the disease that afflicts them. ..with the exception of newcomer rosario dawson, the filmmakers have retained most of the original broadway cast members for the movie, and even though their acting isn't all that impressive, some of them do very well indeed at singing and dancing.   in his direction, chris columbus has broken away from the confines of the original production, but he never manages to bring us into the world of the people we're watching.  despite the constantly tracking - sometimes even spinning - camera he has chosen to employ, the film still feels stagy, over-stylized and artificial in almost every scene.  ..as to the libretto by the late jonathon larsen, only one tune strikes me as truly memorable, while the rest all sound like repetitive musical doodling.  one of the problems, too, with having so much of the conversation sung rather than spoken is that the lines are sometimes so utilitarian, pedestrian and prosaic - when they aren't pseudo-intellectual drivel on the order of "the opposite of war isn't peace; it's creation" - that they become unintentionally funny when set to music.  it's not for nothing that the sharks and the jets didn't actually sing out most of their confrontations.  ..there are, admittedly, some very moving passages in the last half hour of the film as the disease finally begins taking its grim toll on several of the characters, but those moments of quality are completely undercut by one of the silliest copout endings i have ever seen in a motion picture.  in that one crucial moment, the movie descends to the level of low comedy and farce, taking any pretensions to seriousness right down the drain with it. ..i don`t question for a moment the basic humanity and sincerity of the people responsible for "rent" (or of its many devoted followers), but it`s hard to get too worked up over a story whose premise seems to be that people - especially "sensitive" artists - should be allowed to live on other people`s properties for free
not a good choice of episodes.not as good as i love lucy these four episodes of her later show don't do lucy justice. another thing is the quality. dvd's are supposed to be of high quality but they used a very bad film copy when they made this. it  even jumps in a couple places! i'm taking mine back to the store
the complete pluto?.i have to ask myself what is wrong with the title of this "disney treasure"? oh i see  what the problem is its called the complete pluto! its not even finished. 'on ice' and 'beach picnic' were mickey mouse and donald duck cartoons and pluto starred in 48 cartoons and this set consists of 23
pan n scan.vci's budget dvd starts out well enough for the obscure thriller lady ice, with nice letterboxed credits foreshadowing interesting widescreen photography to come. unfortunately, as soon as the credits end, the aspect ratio changes to full screen and the rest of the film is presented in one of the worst pan and scan jobs i've ever seen on dvd. pass on this one from vci, and hopefully down the line there will be a new widescreen transfer so we can see how the film is supposed to look after the credits.
assault is more like an insult.assault on precinct 13 is an action packed film starring ethan hawke (training day), lawrence fishburne (the matrix), john leguizamo (carlito's way), brian dennehy (first blood), ja rule (scary movie 3), gabriel byrne (end of days), and maria bello (secret window)...the story is set on a very snowy day in detroit where a group of the city's dirtiest criminals including cop killer and big time gangster marion bishop, played by fishburne, are held in broken down precinct 13 managed by troubled cop jake roenick, played by hawke, and a few of his staff. all of a sudden, an army of corrupt police officers led by marcus duvall, played by byrne, storm the precinct in an effort to kill everyone inside for the sake of getting their hands on bishop. jake finds himself put in a dilemma where he will have to put his hand in the hands of criminals to survive throughout the night and make it out alive...the script, like the story, is vague. ethan hawke, who earned an oscar nomination for training day, seems to be overacting; the screenplay, on the other hand, seems to have been written over a short period of time, giving the actors little to work with. and throughout the time the poor good guys and bad guys were held in the precinct, i was wondering why didn't anyone pick up a cell phone and call for back up!?..mindless action movie lovers will love assault, but avid film-goers, like myself, will most definitely pass it by...not really recommended..d
it's ok....i guess....but come on...there's not one david lynch film here, not one john waters film here, not one film by the cohen brothers, and, where's films like fat guy goes nutzoid or big trouble in little china?  where's the movies from the big dwarf rodeo?  ok, i suppose, if you've got the scratch to drop, and the hours upon hours to spend to watch some of these hacknied movies, then knock yourself out.
just sickening.sure all the movies on there are great, and wow what a chance to get them all, but come on, this is absolutely sickening. the ultimate gift for the movie buff? with the list price of 4 grand, and the amazon price at a grand and a half, it'd be cheaper to slap the movie buff who puts this on his xmas list. seriously, there's no way anyone who buys this can say the economy's bad if they've got 1.5 thousand dollars to blow on something so meaningless. i'm for splitting that package up into about 4 or 5 sets, lower the price and viola! you're not a glutton for buying one of them at a time. perhaps i'm the only one in this consumer day and age who doesn't find this to be a deal of the century, but rather one of the sickest displays of commercialism i've seen
not worth your time.i was unfortunate enough to have stumbled across this in 2004.  i was thinking it would be a good sit down and watch type of movie, but it was really lackluster.  ..the acting is wooden, the script is very lame, and worst of all, the action isn't very exciting.  i expected a much better movie from director richard donner.  there is a battle scene, and there are action scenes, but they just aren't exciting.  when the action isn't exciting, you better have a good story.  the story here is alright, but certainly not enough to save the movie...i don't hate any of the actors, they are decent when they have something to work with.  here they had nothing to work with, so they obviously didn't do too well this time...this really isn't worth your time.  i gave this to the thrift shop after i got it, and i feel sorry for the person who bought it there
not worth it.i'm a dance teacher, so occasionally i buy dvd's to get new ideas and inspiration.  this one was a total waste of time.  when i fast-forwarded through the scenes of the dancers showing off there was only about 20 minutes of actual instruction.  and it's not hiphop!  to dancers with training, moves like pivot turns and kick-ball-changes (standard jazz dance fare), are disguised and called something else.  there are no pop or lock moves, and the dance 'routines' are monotonous.  ..the good and real hiphop dancing on the dvd were the scenes in between the 'instruction' where dancers showcased their talents - but they never break these down or give any explanations of them.  the dancers are good, the instruction isn't.  and it's completing misleading to call it hiphop.  it's jazz with a twist of funky style.
where is the breakdown?.i was so excited for my groovaloos dvd to come, but i was very disappointed. the dancers take 5x more effort showing off then actually teaching steps. there is no step breakdown, no counting, no different views. they basically do the dance 1 time at a medium pace and expect you to just catch on from there. i watched it twice and decided to throw it in the junk box
a "must not" see movie.if you're really hard-up for a laugh, you might like this flick. but you'll also have to be happy with the following qualities: slapstick, stupid, forced humor, poor acting, mediocre dialog. it's obviously low budget. and it just isn't funny, which is bad since it's suppose to be a romatic comedy. don't buy it. and don't waste your time renting it. try mambo italiano instead
don't bother.nothing original here.  nothing overly humourous.  overall pretty bland in my opinion.  the only part i thought was really worth watching was when the casket exploded at the end.
not as good as expected..i rented this movie tonight, having vaguely remembered the trailer from 2003.  the synopsis on the box was intriguing enough, although i realized the potential for a hackneyed portrayal of an all-too-common family comedy theme.  i was hoping for a cleverly-written dark dramedy along the lines of a charlie kaufman or wes anderson film.  what i experienced was a trite presentation of your textbook dysfunctional family.  ..the film had its moments, but those moments were far too rare.  there was little in the way of character development; in fact, the character who experienced the most development was the dead one.  as screwed up as this family is, i felt no sympathy for any of the characters, and i couldn't bring myself to care about their lives even a little bit.  even the big revelation at the burial service, perhaps the most interesting moment in the film, was somewhat of a ho-hum moment.  ..i really had high hopes for this one, but in the end it just fell flat for me
watch das boot instead.i just finished watching das boot.  to even draw comparisons between these two movies is absolutely ridiculous.  where das boot is a gripping human tale of the tragedy of war, u-571 is just more hollywood tripe...if you just want 'splosions and escapism, i guess u-571 does the trick...if you want a realistic sub movie that will haunt you for many nights to come, go with das boot
painful to watch....another product of hollywood's "karaoke culture".  in an age where we see cinematic remakes of every kind, we have in "u-571" an outrageous attempt to borrow from the success and acclaim of "das boot".  but instead of a gripping war drama that reveals the tragic waste of war, we get a cheap flag-waving pile of hollywood propaganda. the lighting, camera angles and claustrophobic set are obviously inspired by db. but the bigoted innacuracies (german submariners machine gunning helpless sailors) and absurd scenarios (an incredibly lucky stern shot sinks a destroyer in hot pursuit) put this ridiculous movie in its own category. u-571 is just another thin, over-promoted, throw-away movie you'll forget the day after you see it
u won't care for this one.sat down and saw this one on televion...only good service was that now i know buying the dvd would be a waste of money...what was actually achieved by the british is portrayed as an american achievement. slanders the u-boat men portraying them as heartless marauders. other than allied propoganda pieces, there are no incidents of u-boats machinegunning people in lifeboats. ..the movie itself i have little respect. basicly plotless and  unrealistic. action scenes unbelievable. characters two dimensional. ..this film awful.
so............... boring.................here are some interesting facts relating to "heat" and myself:..length of film:  547 minutes.number of characters in film:  231.number of interesting occurrences: 0.number of minutes i was involved/entertained by this film: 0.number of times i've started watching this film, then stopped: 5-6 ..truth be told, i've never actually watched "heat" in its entirety.  i've seen almost all of it, and many parts of it multiple times, but never all the way through.  (in fact, i think i probably have seen absolutely all of it, considering how many scenes i distinctly recall seeing repeatedly, but i can't be sure.)  anyway, i'll be sitting there trying to watch it and i just can't do it.  it's so damn boring, and the thought of me being this bored for the next 8 hours is just too much and i have to do something else.  like randomly flip through the channels for the next couple hours.  maybe just stare at the walls and think.  mow the lawn, perhaps .  do some dishes. clip my toe nails. anything.  (i hasten to add, however, that its extreme length isn't really "heat"s problem.  it's all boring.  cut it down to 100 minutes and it would still be really boring, just not for as long.  which would make it about twice as good, actually, but we're talking about such a small baseline that the difference wouldn't be terribly perceptible.)..and it's not like this thing isn't up my alley.  people i trust and who have good taste tell me it's good and  i like crime-dramas.  it has a generally excellent cast. but then i'll be looking at the screen and not one thing, not one thing will happen that makes me want to keep looking at it.  and so i stop.  i'd like to be more specific, but it's pretty damn hard to say why a film isn't involving.  it's tough to describe a lack.  probably it has something to do with the film having so much going on that it doesn't really have time to get into anything.  i especially like how pacino's stepdaughter tries to off herself, yet we've only seen her on screen for like 2 minutes.  why would i care? pacino's marriage is failing, you say?  why would i care? pacino and de niro have tedious conversations with one another.  oh boy.  it's also hurt by their making pacino a cop.  he doesn't much work as a good guy.  furthermore, the action scenes are dull as hell.  also, one of the major themes of the film is about how cop and robber are two sides of the same coin.  for other examples of this see every other cop drama ever made, particularly the ones that suck.  (this observation, by the way, comes from the film "adaptation", and though it didn't specifically refer to "heat" it totally applies.  on a related note, "the 3" would be about 1000 times more entertaining than "heat", were someone to make it.  if you don't know what i'm talking about, be sure to check out "adaptation".  it's a good example of a film that isn't really sucky and boring.)   ..unlike some things i dislike i feel no animosity towards those who think "heat" is great, though i can't help but suspect that many of them were expecting a great movie, and so they got one at least in their heads.  it's got pacino and de niro together!  it's so damned long, complicated, self-important and humorless!  it superficially resembles great films from the past!  4 stars!!  i realize that this is unfair of me and i hate it when other people try and explain the hidden, false meanings why i like whatever movie they don't like, but it's what i think, and if that makes me a hypocrite, which it does, well, i can't change that.  and besides, it's always possible that i'm right....  if in 20 years "heat" is largely forgotten we can assume that i'm correct.  if not i'll watch it again, this time all the way through, and we'll see if i've changed my mind, and we'll finally know if everyone else was deluded or if i'm just a stupid freak who differed from most of the other wise viewers on this one.  get back to me in 2026.  perhaps we'll have to make it 2031, cause the idea of me watching any of this movie again within the next 2 decades makes me a bit antsy.  i need some more breathing room...but til then, the hell with "heat".  i'll just watch "taxi driver" or "the godfather" or "goodfellas" or "the departed" or whatever again.  just about anything will do, actually, regardless of quality or genre as long as it's shorter than "heat".
junk.boring, moronic and a complete waste of the talents of jason isaacs - save your money.
he was fired from gm for calling off and showing up late.what a joke...people believe the stupidest things...do some research and you will see that this is a joke.  i hated it
here we go again.i gave this movie 1 star because it is not a true documentary.  it falls more along the same fodder as "spinal tap".  it is missing a counter point from gm.  one could argue that roger had chances to talk with moore, but choose not to.  one the other hand, rogers missing interview is what gave the movie such an emotional hold.  i believe that moore counted on not being granted air time at gm for the production of this film.  an interview would have killed the tone..  watch the nightly news now.  last night, march 22nd 2006, gm offered a one time buy out to some of it's employees.  the news reported that gm cannot afford to maintain its relationship with the uaw (just like what caused the flint situation in the film).  this same thing happened in the late 1980's and brought forth this extremely biased movie.  this film is entertaining in a strange way, but should not be considered to be the absolute truth.  watch it with a grain of salt..for what it's worth,.under close examination,.careful consideration and.keen intellect, you will see a undercover message.you might need to examine closely the content..outwardly, things are not what they seem.until you look more closely..many times the basic concept is.misread in the dialog.once you see this, and.open your mind to it,.rational thought will.emerge
bad porn.the setting of this film is in the late 70s, just before adult movie theatres were driven out of business by the invention of the vcr and the subsequent explosion of pornographic vhs tapes.  burt reynolds plays a porno director who has the effrontry to try and be "artistic" in his craft.  heather graham plays his psycho-starlet, and mark wahlberg plays a porn star who is....well.....let's just say, endowed...wahlberg's character quickly becomes a huge hit and encounters success he would have never dreamed of. wahlberg's character seems to be a sort of oblique allusion to john holmes, although i don't know if the film-makers would admit as much.   at any rate, he becomes arrogant and begins to believe that he is loved for factors other than his "package."  this hubris leads to his un-doing as the world of porn coalesces with the world of drugs and lots of shady characters...this sounds like it would be the framework for a good movie.  well, it could have been, but all the way through there seems to be something missing.  there are times the film "seems" to try and convey a message, but i'm not really sure.  . .one thing i do know is that i quickly remembered why i've never cared for wahlberg.  he has all the screen presence of a bowl of yogurt.   also, i was expecting a lot more skin than what the film delivered.  given the context of the film, one would think that it would be an excuse to parade miles of topless women.  that's simply not the case...in the end, however, the biggest problem of this movie isn't wahlberg or the lack of nudity.  the difficulty is that it's just plain boring.  i have more than a passing interest in the history of porn, and yet this flick failed to grab me
not too spectacular.la confidential is awesome, but i can't really see the logic in packaging it with a bunch of mediocre quot;hitsquot;.  city of angels is not a good movie, and a perfect murder lacks any depth whatsoever.  contact is interesting, but too slow to hold much interest.  don't buy this gift set, instead, pick out the movies individually....la confidential being the best
tim allen is a talentless moron!.the santa clause is just another stupid movie starring that no talent lowlife tim allen.  bottom line: this movie isn't funny, tim allen isn't funny (never has been), and by spending money on this movie you will not only be as stupid as tim allen, you'll be throwing your dollar bills right out the window.  it's a shame that a drunk driving, drug peddling, zero like tim allen can become so popular amoung children by using family films as his bread and butter.  i tried on a pair of shoes yesterday that were funnier than tim allen!  what a lame excuse for an actor.
poor quality.this dvd skips quite a bit, making it hard to relax for what should be an enjoyable movie.  also, the plastic covering on the dvd casewas torn a little bit when the security sticker was taken off.  i've never had a movie do that before.  i would think twice in the future before buying movies from amazon.com
watch it yourself before showing to  young children.i gave this to my 3 year old today and she turned it off herself by the middle of the second cartoon. she was disturbed by the first cartoon that had donald duck trying to beat up a baby seal, i have to say it made me a little uncomfortable because we are trying to teach her that hitting is wrong...but the second cartoon, where the bugs in mickey's garden grow and try to eat mickey and pluto is where my daughter started to cry and ran over to the tv and turned it off...it might just be my child, because we are usually very careful and watch her videos before she does so she isn't exposed to any overly violent content. but i broke our rule with this one because...hey, it's mickey mouse...personally, my husband and i had a blast watching it by ourselves. it brought back some great memories. we wish it would have been longer!..but my advice is for the parents to watch it for themselves first before showing to to their young ones. they are the best judge of how much violence is appropriate for their own kids
1 star because it sucks!!.why would you get this haphazard dvd with only six cartoons cut and censored, while you can get the 32 cartoon, uncut, uncensored, and bonus features in the walt disney treasures series.  save your money on this one, and look around for the mickey treasures.  horrible
broadway's lost treasures.i can't write a review because i had to send both cd's back because they would not play.  i just ordered another one yesterday, and here's hoping that will be okay
as childish and naive you can get.what a boring and pretentious movie! after tortured about 15 minutes, all the family members started to look each other or one another, then all agreed at the same time to reject this stupid shallow movie. depp or no depp, after twenty years, he's still playing the similar roles again and again, and never grows tired of it. but to me, and to us, enough is enough
not worth the money-time.i thought with both luke and owen in the same movie it should be fairly entertaining. but i kept waiting for it to get good, kept waiting and kept waiting. then the movie ended... aaargh, another wasted night.
a waste of time.three friends get together for petty burglary jobs. they are pretty inept. one of them, anthony (owen wilson), just got out of an mental institution but seems much more sane than the manic dignan (luke wilson). anthony falls in love with a motel maid, inez. ..personally, i though this was a disconnected movie wih a very slim plot. i didn't care for this at all...for what it's worth i thought owen wilson looked like a young dennis hopper with a broken nose in this film. it's the haircut that wilson has in this film, a crew cut.
first one=intriguing, second one=biggest mistake ever, third one= redemption.now the second one is pretty bad and tries too hard to be as good as the first.  it is very hard to create a sequel as good as the first but this one certainly proves that point.  jurassic park two lost world is worth it compared to this one.  don't even waste the $3.00
the worst sequel i have seen to date.this movie has horrible acting, and a storyline that is so farfetched its in outerspace. this is definetly not a movie for young people considering the constant inuendo and sex scenes. this movie only gets 1 star because that is the lowest option. if i could really choose it would get none. it is best to stick to the first which at least had wit and direction. cruel intentions  2 is the same storyline just trashier
worst.this is honestly one of the worst movies i have ever seen. i love the first one but this one is just lame
boring, empty.i rented this movie because marguerite moreau looked hot on the box.  but she didn't look nearly as good in the movie.  her character was a smoking (gross), bed-hopping slob who looked like she harbored every std known to man.  and she thinks she has to sleep with every guy she meets in order to find love (silly).  really no focus in this movie, not enjoyable
moreau is cute and sweet but the movie is hollow.marquirite moreau (queen of the damned) is the main character in this movie about love and other things. moreau falls in love with poetry man, played by the always great naveen andrews (tv's lost, kama sutra: the tale of love) and they start to hit it off but then he leaves her. so, she recoils from him, in which he still loves her but he doesnt care. so she goes after her friend who has his own show, played by brian f. o'bryne and the two of them start to become more. andrews starts to see moreau's sister, played by emily deschanel (sister of actress zoey deschanel) behind her back and yada, yada...we get it. there's one long sex scene between moreau and o'bryne which just...ok, i wont say more. the awesome d.b. woodside (tv's 24, tv's buffy the vampire slayer) has a small part as moreau's shrink friend. moreau is sweet and cute but the movie is just too hollow and i didnt care for it that much. naveen andrews is good though and so is brian f. o'bryne. my advice is just watch it once and if watching it a second time, for me, it wouldnt be like the first time.
singer need to hire better lois  clark.the plot is unexpected, that i am not sure if it's good or not! i mean it's good that they get everyone surprised. but come on, superman had a son with lois lane, but lois lane is marry to perry white's nephew??? that's just not right! lois lane  clark kent was "the couple"! how can they change something so wonderful to make it so stupid. i think that's an insult to the love legend of 'lois and clark'!.anyway, as for the cast, routh  bosworth is not working as clark kent  lois lane! they have no chemistry, no fire, not even a spark at all. also, i think their acting skill is not very good (to be honest)! oh yeah, i still have no clue why they hire bosworth to be lois lane, i mean she can't even act half as good as teri hatcher! plus she does not even look like a lois lans. i mean there are so many actress i think they can do better, like 'jennifer connelly'(at least connelly can really act and got the look like lois lane, plus i bet she can pass off as lois lane way much better!).as for routh, to be honest, i think he is just a pretty boy! i really don't think he's a good actor! (i have to say he better looking than christopher reeve, i'll give him that. so thanks to his face, he works as superman
deceptive title.walk the walk is not walking at all as much as it is dancing  and unless you are able to and like to do dance steps, i strongly recommend that you do not purchase these dvds.   i previously had the vhs "walk away the pounds" set of tapes for 1, 2 and 3 miles and because of an accident  needed to replace them.  i have osteo and rheumatoid arthritis and walking with those tapes was something i could do using my walker.   i couldn't keep up with the new "walk the walk" pace and found myself getting angry and frustrated with this  program. i strongly recommend that you do not purchase this product
could have been so much better!.the best thing about this movie was vincent corazza. working with crappy dialog and a plot that tackled too many issues, he did a fantastic job expressing his character's confusing emotions without the need for words. this movie would have been really great had it stuck to the primary plot of a relationship between a married heterosexual man and a gay man. the main plot should have dealt soley with the bisexual issue and concepts of love, rather than bring in hiv, transgendered issues, fatal illnesses, dealing with the death of friends, euthanasia, etc.  ..like so many 'gay' themed movies out there, it is morbid, sad, and filled with pain and suffering. plus it deals with so many psychological issues that viewers tend to get lost and can't connect with any of the characters. could have been much better. it's worth a look though, for vince corazza.
waste of time travel.primer is arguably the slowest movie ever made, far from being a primer in time travel it seems to be an advanced tutorial in stopping time.  imagine four silicon valley techno-geeks talking simultaneously into barely functioning mikes and you have primer.  the plot, such as it is, has also traveled through time, revisit old episodes of rod serling's twilight zone to see for yourself...on its face, the premise of time travel and the creation of alternate selves, manipulating or not manipulating events and thereby tinkering with the smooth continuum, would seem to be promising.  while it does prompt rather grandiose philosophical questions, (questions that exceed the grasp of mr. carruth who wrote, directed, starred, scored, edited, and painted the props), it defeats its purpose because there are simply too many possibilities.  drama depends on well-defined situations and tension, in the silly-putty world of primer, where anything can happen; there is no definition, tension, or suspense...normally, when i learn that plucky kids made a movie for $7,000 i cheer, because hollywood needs to know that big money does not equal quality.  (robert townsend's hollywood shuffle is a stellar example of film excellence on a shoestring budget.)  when i hear that a film is a sundance winner, i'm immediately interested because this often points me towards movies that are small, overlooked, and wonderful.  but no system is foolproof, and primer snuck through the cracks...for a mature look at time manipulation that does provide meaningful structure, try last year at marienbad, memento, or even lost highway.  marienbad and memento are brilliant, and highway, while it leans heavily on signature lynch weirdness to make its point, at least provides the visceral impact thoroughly lacking in primer.  i'm afraid that primer is little more than 78 minutes i'll never get back
good try, but didn't do it for me.i do respect what they are trying to do in this movie, but it doesn't come to fruition in my opinion. it is definitely true that you will have to watch it at least twice to get it all, but i am not sure you will want to after the first viewing....i didn't. this is a movie that had great potential, but in my opinion it never reached it. you may disagree...i don't mind depth and intricacy in a movie plot, or even a little misdirection in order to keep it exciting (e.g. sixth sense), but i do mind confusion. and it was not just confusing, in the end, despite a nice attempt and maybe a few moments of drama, to me it was just plain boring. alot of my boredom may just be attributable to the minimalist approach to this whole movie, nevertheless, it bored me. it relied to heavily on the story and the acting, neither of which were bad, but not nearly good enough to make up for the lack of visual interest in this movie.
old transfers...beware..warner brothers have reissued the searchers in 2004, the transfer being stated as 1:1.85 aspect ratio.  in this package they are disposing of their old 1997 copies - this has a double sided disc, with a cropped 4:3 version on one side, and, even worse, on the flip side a widescreen version where the vertical image has been significantly cropped (the tops of actors' heads are often lopped off, and the magnificent landscapes are similarly ridiculously framed - to see what you are missing, just flip over to the 4:3 version: the heads and mesas and buttes are seen in full, but of course the horizontal image is severely cropped) - the stated aspect ratio is 1.75:1.  .*.similarly they reissued stagecoach in 2004, but this is the 1997 version.  the cowboys dates from 1998, and rio bravo's transfer is from 2001..*.i purchased this set primarily for the searchers and to now find such an inferior transfer is very frustrating.  i would suggest potential buyers take care with other warner bros. compilations as they too might be deceptive means of dispensing of obsolete dvd transfers.
great content but lousy packaging.i learn much more from watching the two great masters in tv than reading their cook books. i was really looking forward to receive these 4-disc dvds.  unfortunately when the package arrived, two of the discs were not secured inside the box and there were deep scratches on the surface of the discs.  i returned the set and asked for a replacement.  the second package arrived with the same problem.  a la carte, the distribution, could have come up with a better packaging than cramping 4 discs inside a single box.  i decided to keep the merchandize because i really treasure this tv series.  but if you are not as crazy as i am, don't buy this set until the distributor comes up with a better package
dated home movie.i predicted in 1994 that this cinematic flash-in-the-pan wouldn't stand the test of time. it was all the rage in 1994 and i still can't honestly tell why. with its painful --- and i mean painful --- bad acting and its relentless attempts to be hip and trendy, it seems to be little more than someone's "artsy" home movie. ..i agree with the reviewer who finds it depressing to see lesbians frequently portrayed as unattractive, self-obsessed, women-children.... that was big in the 1990s but i think it's changing. (in fairness to the film, i can also appreciate that go fish was attempting to portray a segment of society not air-brushed and blown dry.)..what makes this film ultimately fail, in my opinion, (aside from the acting) is that its story takes place in the vacuum of the 1990s young, urban lesbian ghetto. almost all of the characters' issues, views and attitudes too narrowly reflect this tiny, specific demographic.  ..there are a few crossover fans out there, but i can't imagine too many midwestern, middle-aged and/or rural lesbians will find much to which they can relate. as a lesbian friend of mine said at the time this film came out: "why would i want to go see some grainy, black  white film about a bunch of lesbians whose lives don't remotely resemble my own?"..the normal answer to that question, of course, is: because it's an interesting story with compelling characters. however, in the case of go fish, neither applies. there's not much of a story and frankly, you could probably get your junior-high school niece and her friends to do a better job acting it. ..watching this film is like seeing someone's 10 year-old home movies --- bad cinema, bad entertainment.
just plain bad.the so called acting alone will make you want to toss it out the window.  don't waste your money on this loser
hand in the "honey pot"....this may be the first time you hear me say this, but go fish was too artistic and dated for my enjoyment.  i think that if i had seen this film when it was first released back in 1994 i would have been impressed.  this was a very avant-garde film that tried very hard to discuss an issue that was very "hush-hush" back in the early 90s.  lesbians were very closeted back then and were not a major part of the culture norm as they are today (well, as much as we recognize them today).  this makes for a very provocative film, but it also makes for a very dated film.  this was my biggest issue with this film was that it nearly felt like a comedy instead of this symbolic struggle to pursue happiness like any heterosexual relationship.  i realize that director rose troche was trying to show us that a lesbian relationship is no different than a male and female relationship and even lesbians talk like men talk about women, but somehow it just felt very dated and clich for me.  it didn't open more doors in my mind to the lifestyle of lesbians, but instead gave me this dated image of this butch lesbian that is rebelling against something instead of embracing the true lifestyle...the black and white photography, while symbolically trying to show the black and white of the situation and relationship, just felt like an art film.  this was an art film, so what am i griping about?  i guess i just didn't want to see an art film with this topic.  i wanted to see something along the lines of kids or even a documentary, not something where the uneducated will laugh at and ridicule even harder.  i wanted a film that was going to punch me in the face, not build upon dated/old clichs that instead poked my mind randomly and not very hard.  it was unimpressive.  it wasn't bold filmmaking, but instead just this random, average production about a lesbian love story.  was it to be educational?  i think there were elements that could have been explored greater and into detail to cross that education/lifestyle acceptance line.  the scene dealing with bisexuality is the first that comes to mind.  this probably sounded great on paper, but when it was actually filmed out, it seemed high schoolish and bland.  the inner voices were not struggling with the character, but instead causing confusion and chaos that will never be resolved.  another scene that could have played out just a bit better was the dinner scene where a group of lesbians have gathered for a party.  there could have been more discussed between the lesbians like lifestyle, issues, and current problems (that would help with the dated feel) instead of just sex, sex, and more sex...that was a huge downfall for me was the constant reminder that all these women wanted was to have sex.  there were times when i was watching this film where i felt a bit of sweetness in my mouth because i thought there was some candy-coating happening.  this does not need to happen in a film that is supposed to bring the lesbian lifestyle closer into the spotlight.  i never felt that these women in this film were given the best light to show their stuff anyway.  from the beginning of the first scene until the last (and all those snippets in-between) all they could talk about was sex.  they wanted to have sex more often than i honestly think about in a day.  it really made the rest of the non-existent themes seem blurry and unimportant.  there was just a consistent lack of togetherness for this film that ultimately hurt it in the long run.  this wasn't a film about women's rights, but instead a dire attempt to show the similarities between homosexual and heterosexual relationships.  i agree that this happened, but just not very coherently.  there seemed to be other elements strewn together in a very loose fashion that took away from the overall power of the film.  don't get me wrong, this could have been a very powerful film about a lifestyle that this world is still not accepting, but instead it went too far to the left (which isn't bad, except in this case) and chose to go the bleeding artist route instead of the informative, here are the facts route.  the black and white photography, the lack of character development (who really was ely's partner?), and the cheesy moments between scenes where women talked to me about the illusive "honey pot".  it just wasn't coming together well for me and eventually fell apart all together...overall, i was not impressed.  there are greater films out there that express the power of the relationship and do not create this unimpressive "raw" sensation by trying to shock the audiences.  one of my favorites is the film big eden which accepts homosexuality like it is commonplace in society.  if go fish would have been done in a similar style, i think i could have walked away from the film with a better taste in my mouth.  instead, i am stuck with an unimpressive story that did nothing except joke about why lesbian women like to play the game "go fish".  ha ha ha h....it just isn't working for me.  i do not recommend this film in the least bit.  there was one, singular scene that made me chuckle and for the likes of me i cannot remember why.  it was an unmemorable feast of bad cinema.  skip it...grade: * out of ****
is anyone else tired of stereotypes??.this movie is just terrible; even more than most of the predictably terrible films in this genre.  women with terrible haircuts, dirty homes filled with poor taste in furniture, jobs a 16 year old would have - or no jobs at all, awkward behavior, barely able to function socially...uh+gh!  the truth is, there are gay women out there who look great, have beautiful homes, have very progressive and meaningful careers, have talent and are entertaining and sexy.  who says this is representative??  not in my world it isn't.  i am so sick of these painful displays of us.  anyone who gave it over 2 stars is childishly defending the genre in general, and not talking about this stinker of a film.    .   the filming is poor, the sound is dull...don't waste your time.
moronic.the so-called humor in this embarrassingly awful and unfunny movie is so uncreative and moronic.  it is apparently for a demographic of viewers with an extremely childish sense of humor.  a three year old will laugh at anything.  every turn of the plot is stupid.  this is in the running for the worst movie ever made.  i don't trust the taste of anyone who actually was impressed by this horse manure.  i hope that bruce willis would have the class to turn down a role like this if he was offered it now.  i think he is a very good actor.  it's a shame what kind of garbage he had to be in, to get his career going
love at first drunk?.storyline very contrived as kim and bruce profess their love for each other on a rather slick squeaky sofa/chair after one long extended blind date.  it just didn't make sense, you really have to suspend belief that their relationship barely a week old and bereft with alcoholic stupors could be genuine.  rent it if you want, larroquette is funny as the obsessive crazed ex-boyfriend and bruce has fun with this as his first screen outing and bassinger plays drunk fairly well.  but unless you can find it in a bargain bin, it's not worth buying
worst movie ever.i have only walked out of a handful of movies, and this was one of them.  everything about this movie was contrived and stilted. while blake edwards has produced some classic movies, this simply is not one of them.  i recommend s.o.b if you're looking for a truly excellent edwards fil
boring.i am a junior in high school and for the past three days our history class has watched this film. i respected its point and purpose, but i must say it was one of the most uneventful and unexciting films i have ever seen. it never grabs your attention and starts to get repetitive. unless you plan on a nap, i don't recommend this film
--ridiculous portrayal of president teddy roosevelt--.i had looked forward to seeing the rough riders, but my expectation for a good film was not met by this movie...the film does have a wonderful cast of actors, and that drew me to the story. gary busey was terrific.  sam elliot, george hamilton and chris noth were all very good and believable in their roles. illeana douglas as mrs. roosevelt was wonderful...my problem was with the way that tom berenger played the part of teddy roosevelt.  he portrayed roosevelt as a bumbling idiot.  i can't believe that berenger, who usually does a good job, got so off track with the part of roosevelt.  he tripped over objects; he bumped into people and even knocked them out of the way when he was in a hurry. yes, i believe that teddy roosevelt was a man of action, but this depiction was an insult to his memory.  roosevelt was essential to this story and i was not able to enjoy much of the movie because his part was unacceptable to me...i do enjoy movies and know that poetic license is a way of life for movie makers and i understand that; however, i find it unforgivable and offensive to mislead the audience when showing a real person. in this period of our history, children and adults don't read as much as they did in previous times.  unfortunately, a lot of information is learned and accepted because someone saw it in a movie.  i believe that filmmakers have an obligation to portray historical figures in a true and honest fashion.
lollilove -- skip it.i am a big fan of the office, and of the mockumentaries mentioned, and of just good old regular documentaries, which are often funny unintentionally...i thought there were a few bright moments in this otherwise strained mockumentary. but not nearly enough to make it worth watching...i just didn't like it at all. although i must say it mocked everything bad about today's affluent yuppie culture.  for my money i'll take the utterly horrid couple in best in show  - the lawyers with braces!  on my mac, at starbucks!  it was sooo good.  (best in show)..lolli-love was not.
a tribute.a tribute is defined as "a gift or other acknowledgement of gratitude, respect, or admiration."  that is what you have here..but, if you want a true picture of that incredible morning, don't waste your time and money, look elsewhere
not ready for elmp.might be a good video...it just doesn't interest our 10 month old yet like baby einstein does
a disappointing sophmore season.season 1 of veronica mars took me by surprise, and i really enjoyed the ride.   the second season, however, doesn't live up to the quality of the first.  instead of one large mystery, in season two viewers are treated to several smaller mysteries to solve.  there's nothing wrong with that approach, but it seemed that as fast as one mystery skien got solved, another would pop right up without any resolution for the first.  many episodes ended with my friends and i turning to one another and asking, "is that it?  where's the rest of it?"  this happened quite a bunch, with the child abuse investigation episode as perhaps the most jarring.  are we really supposed to believe someone as determined as veronica would just pick up and call it quits because she gets a weird slap on the wrist?  that's totally out of character, yet we never see that family, the abused girl, or hear about the incident again..     that type of confusion and weird plot points kept popping up.  the "major" villain of the season comes out of left field to be the murderer, and his motivation for murder ends up being really weak and unbelievable.    because of the all the loose ends, go-nowhere plots, and the surprise villain who was probably a surprise to the writers up until deadline, i'm giving season 2 a 2 star rating.  season 2 of veronica mars still has some funny dialogue, and some clever episodes, but it doesn't deserve all the 4 and 5 star reviews i've seen.  i'll continue to watch, however, as veronica mars has a lot of promise.  hopefully the producers can get things in gear for season 3
even more stupid acting and writing.....a second season of even more bad writing, cliches all over the place, bell can not act, and silver is a joke of a tv and film producer....just another example of bad marketing and the tv add guys having too much say in how a show is done
the sick, the sicker, and the dead.the film opens with three men arriving at a house. they draw their pistols and rush in. shots are fired, and tuco escapes. then a bounty hunter visits an isolated house, searching for "jackson". he learns the new name of "bill carson" (they were part of a gang of robbers). there is an exchange of opinions, shots are fired. the bounty hunter leaves to report to his boss, and perform another job. next we see a wanted man captured by three men. another man shows up to eliminate the competition, like a lion driving away hyenas. the wanted man is turned in for the reward. but his hanging is prevented, and he rides away to be recycled. [can you believe this?]..tuco catches up to his former partner and captures him, the tables are turned. [this is like a cartoon.] just like it looks like it is over for "blondie" a runaway wagon appears to begin a new story! a dying man tells of a buried treasure of stolen payroll. now tuco must care for "blondie" because he knows the name on the grave that contains the treasure. as they ride away, they see a gray troop of cavalry coming for them. the gray turns out to be dust on their blue uniforms. [another joke.] now they are prisoners and sent to a camp. [was there really combat in the southwest?] this film is like a succession of short stories linked through the same characters...tuco manages to escape from the train. later "blondie" escapes and they meet again. there is more gunplay in eliminating the competition for their business deal. they arrive at a huge cemetery, much too large for the small town shown in this film. [obviously staged.] and so there is a showdown between the good, the bad, and the ugly. scratch one rival. the film ends with a sick joke about hanging. i wonder why some people rate this film highly?..the vocalized song means there is no problem in translation to another language. [isn't it funny?] the most interesting part is how a 1950s style western was created by europeans after they became obsolete in hollywood. not that they can't do better.
box set 3 will be the last set....there is a preview in box set #2 , in which he makes a commercial like that of brokeback mountain in which he says the final 42 episodes on dvd in set 3....shame on you mr. judge.. only 120 episodes out of about 200+ are getting the dvd digital cut?..in the words of your own created characters..you suck!! rent it when it comes out 8/1/2006 and reminisce what a great show it was despite fart-knocker mike judge limiting his release of titles....mike judge the ultimate tool....huh huh, he said tool
season for the original bb fans!!.i'm not a mainstream beavis  butthead fan...the fans that jumped on the bandwagon when they became popular.  i was there from the beginning.  where the hell is frog baseball and burger world.  i want to see burger wars!!!!  there was a time when beavis didn't even talk he just laughed (heh, heh, heh).  fire....fire!!!  i want season 1,2,3.  just release them as seasons....let us be the judge of what is good and what sucks.  i want full episodes with videos included.  every tv show is like this on dvd.  why is this one different?!  demand full episodes and full seasons!!!
not to be mean but there's a true absence of a development.let me begin by listing all the great things about the movie..1. it is incredibly beautiful animation.2. the music is amazing.3. i happen to like how the movie is darker than the tv series.the things i don't like about the movie:.1. the characters are not developed at all.2. you get the feeling your only skimming the surface, like a starving person being tost a crumb of bread.3. it almost seems that every seen in the movie was stopped half way through the writting process...ok you may have see that i gave this moive a 2 out of 5, well that is becuase of the story line and plot.the story line of any movie is much more important to me than the animation. the movie left me with a odd emptiness from begining to end. i just kept thinking there has to be more. but there wasn't. the best way i could describe it would be to say it was as if the movie were a lost child at the carnival that no matter how hard it looked it just couldn't find its parents. this movie is for the person who likes action and no character development fluff. but if you are the person who likes well developed characters and story line please don't buy it rent it first. i'm not saying its a bad movie by any means, just a bit empty for me.just one more thing the escaflowne series is very very good don't let any bad reviews of the movie discurage you from getting the series
the entire escaflowne universe in a can....first off, i am a fan of the original series - escaflowne. it's by far up there in the top 5 of favorite anime. it had a lot of memorable characters, good action and a pretty decent story...this is not an original escaflowne. it does not take part before or after the series. it doesn't take place somewhere in the middle. it takes most of the main characters from the series and totally retells the entire story to fit into a movie. the result? not a fan. basically, because the entire movie you see a 30 second introduction to old characters in suped up animation with no depth. for example, the twin cat girls that were so fond lord falcon, show up instead for a brief 30 seconds as singers on stage in a bar. ummm yuck. lots of the more memorable characters are subjugated to this. perhaps, if you seen this first it would be a decent watch. for myself, i was very disappointed...the good points of this movie is the animation is upgraded and the soundtrack is well done...even as a standalone product, the movie has no flow or depth to it. it's basically just a compressed retelling of escaflowne. i'd rent this and skip it as a purchase. if you want to purchase something, get the escaflowne series. you will be much happier
how are people rating this 5 stars.i should first say that i have not watched the series, but will follow that up by saying that this movie has not persuaded me to do so. i am a casual anime fan and for reference will say that the anime's i have enjoyed include dragon ball z, outlaw star, cow boy bebop and ninja scroll.  if you have only seen 2 movies in your life time and the other one was "big top pee-wee", then maybe (and i stress maybe) i could understand a 5 star review. if you are a die hard fan of anime and if all it takes is a couple of bloody scenes this may be for you. if you are 15 years old you might be impressed with this. however if you expect depth of character, story evolution and strong plot, skip this...in a nut shell some girl is depressed and wants to disappear/die, what ever, so she disappears and shows up in gaea as the wing goddess. two separate factions have been warring with each other over a dragon armor suit that holds the fate of the world. the girl is the key to the suit in a way it goes to whom ever she decides; the good guys get it the end. believe me when i say this is the better telling of that story and the less painful one...the good: a couple of good fight scenes and the animation were pretty good...the bad: the tone of a movie is very important and this story was way over dramatized. the characters aren't developed at all so you can't really bring your self to care about them, or want to pay attention to them. the movie felt like they were trying to squeeze the content of a long draw out series into 95 minutes and they failed miserably. i considered turning this off several time but felt that i should finish and form a complete opinion about it. well i have and it aint good.
difficult 2.5 hours to sit through..what a difficult movie to sit through.  it went all over the place with very little character connection.  it had senseless violence, senseless nudity, and left you with nothing at the end.  i found it to be an excruciating 2.5 hours.  the sad thing is that i think ragtime could have been really good and could have taught about social issues and history.   it could have changed peoples' understanding of prejudice, inequality, racial issues, women's history, etc. but it didn't teach or entertain.
edited!  don't buy this edition....if you wanted the whole film.  elizabeth mcgovern's (who was oscar nominated for this) scenes were cut from this edition, in order, i imagine, for it to have a pg rating.  buy an older vhs for the original film
not as good as i thought.musical parts were droped from the script... the story went to fast and was poorly directed...
very poor presentation.this could have been a very good documentary, but the video editing style made it unwatchable for me.  the camera never stays on any subject for more than 5 seconds, film is sped up and slowed down for no apparent reason, and bright flashes of light with loud sound effects highlight the transition from scene to scene.  the events surrounding 9/11 are fully capable of engaging my attention without this in-your-face style of presentation, which ironically dilutes the overall impact of the film
made for coincidence theorists.  no truth here..i have never seen a worse production by national geographic than this.  i have lost respect for them after this awful dvd. they did not do their homework, nor did they connect the dots. .very disappointing.  watch "9/11 - in plane sight" instead
great acting and nice scenery, but.....having recently become a don johnson fan after seeing his marvelous performances in the "miami vice" tv series, i was very much interested in seeing him in other roles besides the never-to-be-forgotten 'sonny' crockett. unfortunately, "paradise" was a disappointment after my excitement to see johnson and his wife at the time, melanie griffith, star together in what was supposed to be a 'family' movie...don johnson and melanie griffith play lily and ben reed, a couple torn apart after a terrible tragedy. their love and affection for each other has died out and they live day by day hardly speaking to each other, hardly acknowledging the other's existence. that is, until a good friend's son, willard young (elijah wood), arrives in town as their summer guest. will the reeds finally rekindle their lost love for each other, and will young willard, with the help of a country girl, billie pike (thora birch), learn to not be afraid?. .the acting was well done and i have no qualms with any of the actors. johnson and griffith, by then seasoned veterans of the trade, play their roles with lots of heart and it's easy to feel for each of their characters as they strive to grasp some sort balance in their tumultuous lives. as for the younger stars, elijah wood and thora birch are also quite good for their ages. there are some awkward moments where though they are trying very hard to capture some dramatic moments, their inexperienced youth comes in the way at times. on the overall, it might be said that birch may have been the better actress (both youths receiving 'young artist award nominations', though birch is the only one who takes home the award for 'best young actress')...i think my main problem with "paradise" is with how the plot is presented. the plot is fairly good except that it is stretched too thin so that you really can't put your finger on what the message is. and when a good plot is stretched thin, too often do directors put 'unnecessary' subplots throughout the movie. but instead of doing it to make the movie flow better, the subplots in "paradise" seem to burden the film with tediousness...not only are some of scenes out of place, they are sometimes 'cringe-worthy'. to give an example, the director wished to show a sense of every day life of the people in town. often at times, willard and billie are left to their own devices to find their own amusement. and their 'amusement' consists of stealing a boat, doing dangerous stunts, and being 'peeping toms', spying on billie's sister and her boyfriend. their spying on billie's sister and her boyfriend at an 'intimate' moment was the most disturbing and disgusting. i found it totally unnecessary and made me wonder what kind of a director could ask a young actor and actress to participate in that kind of scene? ..as mentioned in the above, this is not a family movie contrary to what some reviewers have mentioned. besides some disturbing scenes with billie's sister, there is also some profanity. and on the whole, the story deals with mature themes...if taken in the right direction, "paradise" may have been a good movie. parents would have enjoyed watching the reeds fix their broken relationship while kids might have been able to relate to willard's struggles with the different kinds of fears he must face. but unfortunately, "paradise" doesn't put too much focus on fantastic don johnson and melanie griffith while willard's part in the movie wasn't quite uplifting or interesting. the story also ends somewhat disappointingly. there is just a hint of the 'hope' of what's to come for the characters and then immediately cuts to the closing credits. in my opinion, i would rather have seen how that summer changed their lives for the better and witnessed that change. ..all-in-all, "paradise" was never a big hit for a reason so if you're looking for a good drama to watch with the family, i recommend these films instead:."mr. holland"s opus" - starring richard dreyfuss, this is a great film about the life a music teacher and how he touched the lives of many.."october sky" -an extremely uplifting movie about how a group of boys strived to fulfill their dreams. (some strong language so maybe to be watched with older kids.
uttery depressing.i will first admit i watched this movie for gerard butler (phantom of the opera, dracula 2000).  but of course watched the whole movie.  the characters are all insane!  the mother never seems to really understand that she's goin to lose everything because of her previous foolishness with money until the house is bought by her older daughter's suiter, who plans to tear the whole place down.  the uncle tries to be helpful, but even he's clueless until it's too late.  even gerard's character is cruel.  and the ending is utterly sad because it shows how thoughtless they all are. i will leave out why, because i want the watcher to see what i mean.  this is truely a sad and depressing movie
read the original, see how terrible the movie is..who cares about the quality of the dvd with such a piece of mindless drivel.  i went out of my way to see this movie in the theatre, knowing it was based on cornell woolrich's noir masterpiece "i married a dead man"   this movie is the very antithesis of the work it was based on...a vile corruption of the dark, hopeless spiral into despair and miserable life-sucking unhappiness that was the original...(imagine an edgar allen poe tale recast with the care bears) avoid this movie like the plague, yeccch! yeccch! yecch!  -- and besides the acting is terrible
so many gaps in the story.this movie is the story of a gay cuban writer who eventually makes it to the u.s. to escape the persecution he's suffered in cuba. and that's about all that can be inferred from this movie. there are large chunks that are spoken in a different language. but there are no english subtitles so you have no idea at all what's going on. this disrupts the already choppy flow of the movie so that it has almost no cohesiveness at all. whatever the message of this movie is, whatever it's trying to convey, it's lost in the plotless story
big letdown..where's the screenplay to this? dad goes over some pretty annoying eye candy of giants midgets and a huge fish without any real alligorical content and that about it folks, trashy staff. the big promise of some sort of father son relationship forming is again apparently absent...thumbs down of jessica lange, a great actress i ve see on stage a couple of times who goes completely wasted here (i don't think she mutters anything in excess of a couple of lines frankly) as a cartoon wife character...tim's aiming to be the next ed wood possibly with this one, but, and i never thought i d say this, ed wood at least had some workable screenplay....just plain trash
whoa, jemima!.tim burton's "big fish" totally out-spielbergs spielberg in the syrup-overdose department.  aunt jemima herself would watch this movie and say, "whoa, honey, easy on the sugar!"  if i've ever beheld a soppier, kitschier, more incomprehensibly sentimental, make-every-play-in-the-movie-playbookfor-your-heartstrings movie, i seriously cannot remember it.  this movie would make the writers of hallmark cards turn scarlet with embarrassment (and envy).  it's the sappiest afterschool special ever made as narrated by lewis carroll (alice in wonderland, etc.)  it's especially bizarre because it's like tim burton's own variation of 'forrest gump', and tim burton is usually never one to kautau to the conservative hallmark-card hollywood mainstream (but then again, i've never seen 'edward scissorhands').  ..granted, as historic hollywood sell-outs go, it isn't as horrifyingly abysmal as gus van sant's 'good will hunting' - at least it doesn't take itself *that* seriously and morosely and self-importantly.  there are some aspects of its southern-gothic, teller-of-tall-tales rambunctiousness that might be endearing in concept (and of course the terminal-illness theme rarely fails to be compelling); but in tim burton's hands it's like an lsd-addicted animator at dc comics got ahold of a charming little short story anthology by mark twain and blew it out of proportion by 1,000,000,000%.  there is *nothing* understated in this movie - this movie doesn't have the slightest idea what the word "understated" even means! (well, okay, there's one scene where jessica lange slips into a bathtub with her clothes on, and that might've been my favorite in the entire movie...and it's funny, because that was probably one of the cheapest scenes to film - no insanely distracting  over-the-top special fx, etc.)..one of the things i do think 'big fish' gets at very well is no matter how much we think we may have our parents figured out, they will always have surprises and hidden truths that we can never anticipate, which is a lovely sentiment.  and most of the time i felt like the movie had its heart in the right place.  but dear god almighty, if there is a wing at the hazelden clinic for maudlin syrup detox, i need to check into it asap.
big fish?? more like a joke!."big fish" is the most horrible movie ever. the only reason i couldn't go any lower than a 1 is because it can't go lower than a 1. i would not like to buy this ever!!!!!!!
data is a bad boy. worf has a pimple.  grrr..when we last left the next generation crew, picard saved data in an errol flynn kind of way against the queen borg..  star trek year: 2375..  we sure are missing the original star trek enterprise crew of kirk, spock, mccoy, etc by now..  worf who is now assisting deep space nine boards the enterprise for a visit.  picard (patrick stewart) certainly has his hands full tonight with an elegant dinner for regent cuzar.  laforge (levar burton) has an urgent message for picard at the same time and picard is trying to memorize the foreign language for greeting regent cuzar so as not to insult the regent..  admiral doughtery (anthony zerbe) would like to tell picard that data (brent spiner) has been a naughty robot and will not obey starfleet protocol. he is holding the brair patch hostage, which is a population of 600 people..  ru'afo (f. murray abraham) is the son'a ship captain.  he enjoys partaking in a quick facial surgery procedure.  (don't we all wish we could).  ru'afo informs picard, data has turned dangerously violent and has done damage to the ship.  data must be destroyed.  picard has 12 hours to save data or picard will terminate the android himself..  also in the cast: jonathan frakes, gates mcfadden, marina sirtis, donna murphy, gregg henry, michael horton, mckenzie westmore (nbc serial, passions) is credited as a ba'ku villager...  does the brair patch have cabbage patch dolls too?  sorry i coudn't resist...easter egg: disc 2 special features, click star trek universe, click down to main menu, but do not press.  use "right" button instead.  middle octagon will turn blue.  press "enter". tom morello will talk on location about playing "sona"..  disc 2 also includes 6 deleted scenes and the alternate ending..  one deleted scene includes max grodench playing a trill ensign.  he was "rom" in star trek: deep space nine tv series (1993-1999)...  the next voyage is star trek: nemesis (2002)..update: j.j. abrams and damon lindelof (abc network's lost) will produce and direct star trek xi.  rumor is it will be a prequel about young james t. kirk in the starfleet academy.  it will be released in 2008.
why are there so many reviews of a product not even released yet?.zero stars, for a product not yet out. (5 for a great series though)while a few of the initial reviews, or should i say previews listing episodes, are informative, none of these writings here really do me, or most consumers any good, since this item has not yet been released!.amazon does the average consumer a disservice in printing these glowing, drooling reviews before we have seen the product - quality, the actual episodes released, packaging, possible defects (like the magnum series  maiden's last live dvd, both featured defective sections...) when the product is released, i will have to wade through 7 (as of oct 3) b.s. pre-views in order in order to gain actual product knowledge before buying....these pre's, are presented by: fans? industry sales schmucks? amazon employees? who knows, pre-buyer beware...
terrible!.i have never not been able to sit through a rated g movie.  however, my sister and i rented this thinking it would be a funny show, and it was so terribly boring that i was forced to leave the room.  i couldn't believe it because i love movies.  i can see how this movie would be funny for a 6 year old boy to watch, but don't count on the parents or older siblings being able to sit through it
sexist terminology - poor story line.i ordered this dvd series because i liked kristy alleys performance in other movies and series. but this is totally different. a lot of bad language is used and a very adultrous lifestyle is promoted. after viewing two episodes i put it in the trash. watching this does not make me happy
a film only cronenberg fans could love.die hard fans of writer-director david cronenberg may find funny dialogue and grotesquely engrossing scenes in this sci-fi horror tale. that accounts for so many 5 star ratings by other reviewers. that was not my reaction to this film.  it was slow, uninteresting and the ending was a disappointment. i give it only 2 stars...the characters stumble through a virtual role playing game and pretend they are... gamers. duh. cronenberg needs more than ideas for his next film, he needs a good script and actors who are more suited for their roles.  william defoe is completely miscast as a gas station attendant. jennifer jason leigh's wardrobe looks like retro-1980's. jude law does well except for a couple of unexplained accent changes. ..beware of the tag line that says existenz "makes the matrix look like child's play." this film is no where near the caliber of the matrix. if you are not a cronenberg fan, i recommend that you pass on this dull film
literally the worst movie ever..the hyperbole won't seem appropriate to most people, but for me this was the single most un-enjoyable movie i've ever seen, ever. every aspect of it was painful. ..first, the production values: this movie is just ugly. i guess the biological computers are supposed to be a novel or deep concept, but it's just disgusting and really very poor looking. at times i thought they just rooted through the medical examiner's dumpster to gather props. i understand that you can't really have nice props in a low-budget movie, but with the setting and technology so central to the plot you think they could've paid for a decent production designer. everyone says this is not a "special effects" movie and that the ideas behind it are what counts, but plenty of low budget movies didn't look this bad and were able to convey something new...the acting: just one thing in a sea of annoyances here was jude law's accent. it's terrible, and he lets his native one slip several times. it's distracting and sloppy. the dialogue was just bad overall, so i blame the writer for most of this...this movie is not "misunderstood." it's an objectively bad movie. it's unentertaining, boring, and scrabbling for a significance that only scraggly-bearded philosophy majors will care about and dogmatize. a lot of reviews said it was better to see it as a black comedy, but this movie is only unintentionally funny, if at all. i'd give it zero stars if i could, as i'm trying to warn people away from this turd
wow!.wow again....... now i am really surprised that so many people have given this movie (?) such a high rating, i will just respect other people's taste. if you ask me, i should say the plot is shalow, performances even shalower photography non existing, screenplay a joke is there anything else???. i read the new york times gave this movie a very high review.... i think it is a very daring thing to do.
part of a english class on "artifice".we watched this movie in correlation with an english class at the georgia institute of technology which was centered on the theme of "artifice". this movie in fact is one of the few movies i absolutely despise. there are many low budget movies that turn out great and i own and enjoy watching many of them. this is not one of those movies; if i had to give a brief description i would say that it is a mediocre predecessor to the matrix. most upsetting was just the poor quality of acting. it was so bad in fact that should of it not been assigned as a class project i would have asked them to turn off mistaking it for a porno. if you want to watch it, rent it, because you will probably never want to see it again
rubbish.one of the worst films i have ever seen. acting is appauling. story is rubbish. do not buy this. low budject dribble
appauling.while "appauling" says it all, i guess i should elaborate. it's the least i can do, as cronenberg  company choose not to. ..jennefir jason leigh is awful, as usual, but you can't really blame her or anyone else in the movie. except of course for having been duped into participating. ian holm for godsakes was awful. all i could think of, was "bilbo! how did you get mixed up in this?".  but i am quite aware that the characters were not in effect professional actors in existenz as much as they were amuteur actors playing roles within an interactive game. so everyone, apart from jjl gets a free pass.  ..the movie itself, has been applauded as a work of technogolical philosophy, but it was always and inescapably immersed in cronenbergs immature fascination with bloody fleshy goofiness and misplaced eroticism. it's as if he's still a six year old boy on the playground, trying to impress the six year old girl on the playground by eating a bug or poking a dead squirrel with a stick. enough already.  ..i watched this in a film class so i couldn't turn it off or walk out. i was dreaming of going home and playing with my kids or immersing myself in some competent movie or philosophy but i was stuck. ..there is a twist at the end, that may get you or not, but like a long-winded joke, the last minute of intrigue can't hope to justify the other 96 minutes of low brow schlock...i am also aware that incomprehensibility was planned, and a part of cronen's art, but the philosophical, metaphysical and technological ideas raised have all been dealt with competently and more effectively in 30 seconds of any decent simpson's episode. ..mr. cronenberg, please go back to the school yard. little girls are waiting to be impressed!
yuk!.friends told me this was funny, but i could not find the point to this movie
1 star is too generous.you want me to actually write a review for this disaster? you might laugh if your iq falls shy of 85, anything over that will make you realize what a dull, retarded, sorry excuse for a movie this is
schwarzenegger bombs in this turkey,but richard dawson shines as the anti-gameshow host.the two stars i gave this turkey is for richard dawson as the running man host damon killian,he steals this movie and makes it his. using every gameshow trick he ever had dawson turns killian into the anti-gameshow host as he deals death and prizes out to the masses. richard dawson should have gotten an oscar nod for his funny and scarey turn in this otherwise waste of a movie. "let's play the feud,i mean the running man
how can you compare this to seinfeld? i can't give this a one.i hated this show! don't get me wrong, i am in love with shows like arrested development and seinfeld. .but this lacks one extremely important quality that seinfeld had - humor. it was not funny, and simply annoyed and bored me. .i couldn't stand the camera work, and the acting is awkward and rough. basically, i couldn't stand watching past the first disc..comparing this show to seinfeld is just an insult to the whole seinfeld series..i know larry david was a writer on seinfeld, but there is a reason that jerry was the star
not much for laughs and even less for plot.wedding crashers is the kinda film alot of people will love because it is stupid but alot of others like myself, won't enjoy. two womanizers fall in love, one because he finds out that his gf is not actually a virgin, like first off, what does virginity have to do with love?  second, who would actually believe that she was telling the truth when she said that she was a virgin?  then owen wilson's character fall in love with rachel's mcadams character and well, that's the usual predictable romance plot. the problem with this film is it's not that funny. it seems to think it's better then it is. i don't think i hardly laughed during this film. the part about the "supposive" gay guy like people think he is gay so therefore of course, because it's this kind of film, he ends up being gay and of course, he tries to hit on vince vaughn's character in a scene that is beyond creepy. lets just say that "gay" guy is prob one of the worst actors i've seen.  then we get a cameo from will ferrell, alot of people i know find this guy "so" funny. but i don't get it. it just wasn't funny to me. u know, i loved the classic, "american pie" that was just stupid for its own good but it delivered the goods to make it a great comedy! this film wasn't so much funny as stupid.  for the most part, i'm not going to remember this film in 5 years from now because it's just an average film
i'd rather be big than doing this chaotic routine.(disclaimer: i am not big, i am actually quite trim but i'd like to keep it that way and therefore i use home workout tapes in between gym sessions.)..after you get through a solid 12 minutes of spam, clips, and advertising, you are finally presented with a sloppily thrown together, uncoordinated poor excuse for pilates. beginners (which i am not) would be lost altogether as the instructor doesn't demonstrate her steps. the mat work is marginally better but not enough for me to ever touch it again. therefore, this tape and the other ones i also bought from this series in the same purchase, are going in the "goodwill" bag.
modernistic nonsense.they say that there is a thin line between genius and madness.   unfortunately, it does not follow that if someone is on one side of the line that he / she will ever cross over to the other side.  this film is testimony to that...i do not give this movie 1 star because i think it was poorly done.  for what it is, it's a very well-done film.   ed harris is fantastic as pollock, and one can tell he had a passion for this particular part.   val kilmer barely has a cameo and jennifer connelly is only in maybe 10% of the movie {sigh}...the reason i slam this movie is because i'm not impressed by this artist or his work.   i would have found a biographical movie on ed harris himself to be much more profound than this guy's story...in my family there are two artists:  my father and sister.  the artistic gene skipped over me entirely as i can barely draw a stick man.  that said, i remain unconvinced that i can't do anything as well as this guy did.  or, to put it another way, any kindergartner could have made random shapes like this guy  called it art.   when i think of art i think of raphael, not this guy...so, since i had such a low regard for pollock's work, i could not help but have little interest in this movie.    to me he was nothing but a cop out.  that said, i'll be as fair as i can here:  if you happen to be a fan of pollock's you're not going to find a better testimony of his life than this movie.   the problem is i'm simply not impressed by that
when a great actor meets a godawful director.ed harris was perfectly cast as artist jackson pollock. sadly, he was also the producer, and hired a horrible director. a director named ed harris. i have never before seen a movie where you could sense every damn scene being held a beat too long. over and over and over, harris keeps the camera running too long. it is as if he was so in love with his pet project (he worked on the movie for many years) that he could not bear to not put forth every single one of his notions. sad, because it couldve been a good movie
uninteresting one-dimensional characters, interesting art.i have seen several films about van gogh, all which were fascinating.  in each van gogh was a character that was portrayed in a manner that was human and who had ideas and humanity as well as a need to do art.  by contrast, harris' pollock lacked any humanity, except for one scene where he takes a dog to a vet.  and pollock didn't seem to be someone who thought about life at all.  he hardly cared about anyone and in the whole movie connected with no one with the exception of his wife, and that was far more a practical relationship than a love relationship.  his wife lee was portrayed as a generally uninteresting person as well.  i was not drawn in by the film at all by any of the main characters.  pollock's gift to the world was his art; who he was and the life he lived were not worth making a movie of if this is the best the story can be told in film.
conservative, silly, embarrassing and 'dumbed-down'.i saw this atrocity at an i-max cinema. i wish i hadn't. the whole thing is something of a travesty of the original fantasia. the musical selection is humdrum and conservative - compared to the original. the imagery and animation is pleasant but unexciting. the guest spots are embarrassing and twee. ..if you have an interest in seeing something special done with music and images, check out christine schfer's "one night. one life" or christian chaudet's dvd of stravinsky's "le rossignol"...don't bother with this atrocious neo-con / religious right world vision. in the original we had stravinsky at his wildest and dinosaurs and in this we have noah's friggin' ark and elgar at his most stodgy and conservative. there is an almost tangible pusillanimousness about this fantasia 2000 "thing" which i found most distasteful...let us hope that this idea stops with this one - or maybe they should hand the whole thing over to someone else to do? maybe miyazaki? or some european directors?..fantasia 2000 isn't fantastic or much of a fantasy, to tell the truth.
disappointing.when fantasia came out in 1938, it bombed.  many years later, the movie received the acclaim it deserved.  fantasia has enchanted me since i was a child, and i eagerly awaited fantasia 2000.  the possibilities!  i was sure disney would come up with something to rival the original...what i saw was a humorless, boring mish-mash with only a few bright spots.  the opening segment of whales flying through space was embarrassingly bad.  silly flamingos also fell flat.  donald duck as noah was terrific.  the gershwin piece was ok, but not for fantasia.  and what should have been the crowning achievement, a forest nymph battling to save her beloved forest, was predictable and stale...this film was almost a complete waste of my time and money.  i heartily, heartily, endorse the orginal fantasia as a timeless classic for all ages
living proof as to why and how hollywood often insults the intelligence of today's movie-watchers..this past august, i had bought the soundtrack to pete townsend's 1989 musical the iron man, which was also based on ted hughes's 1968 novel, and was impressed not only with mr. townsend's artistry, but also with the wisdom of the message that its songs conveyed as individual selections on an entire album that was just plain fun to listen to. naturally, i thus came to thinking that maybe this motion picture, which was released a whole decade after that particular cd, would likely appeal to my imagination in the same way the musical would have, had i only the opportunity to see the latter presentation myself. unfortunately, i found out how wrong i was when i rented this rightfully less-than-appreciated flick last weekend and forced myself to sit through it...now, i'll admit, the animation was definitely something worthy of applause; that's the one thing i'll give the iron giant credit for. however, that's as far as my praise for this movie goes. i'll also admit that it didn't follow the exact same lines as either the book or the musical, but then again, i was expecting that to be the case. rather, it was the overall tone of the film that earned my enmity. to begin with, though i am well aware that many animated features and other family-themed features contain the occasional sight gag or adult-themed joke, tig seemed to be heavily punctuated with them, from beatnik scrap-sculptor dean mcchoppin unzipping his fly to let young hogarth hughes's "pet" squirrel escape his pants to the "bathroom" scene where hogarth tries to cover for the robot's hand as it exits the hughes's home--the latter scene of which has at least two instances of what one could easily call "toilet-bowl humor." not only that, but i found the protagonist himself to be just the most obnoxious and repulsive example of a lead character i have ever come to know: a loud, unruly, disobedient brat reminiscent of all four of young charlie bucket's tourmates from willie wonka and the chocolate factory who tries to pass himself off as having more depth than he really has. honestly, he's not what i would call "amiable," "heart-warming," or even "cute"; such adjectives i'd rather reserve for the wide-eyed, honest, poverty-stricken mr. bucket. of course, it's not like i really appreciated any of the other human characters in this flick, either--not little mr. hughes's ridiculously clueless diner waitress mother annie, nor the deadbeat wannabe "artist" dean, nor even the inept government agent whose name i have completely (yet thankfully) forgotten despite his being the most complex earthling participant in the entire cartoon. as such, only the hundred-foot-tall, metal-munching robot--a softhearted and self-maintaining (if nonetheless hopelessly brain-damaged) extraterrestrial being who has no memory at all of his origin--impressed me. even so, the movie portrayed the poor guy as being so incredibly dimwitted (as opposed to being haplessly misguided and a tad naive, which i was hoping he'd come off as being) in an effort to make him likeable to the kids in the audience that i ended up pitying him more than anything else. needless to say, then, as much as i tried to grapple with each and every one of these elements as they presented themselves, i merely found it harder and harder to get over and accept them all as a collective whole, and i ended up returning this movie to the video store in utter disgust...believe me, ladies and gentlemen, i really tried to appreciate the iron giant, but despite my efforts in trying to see the side of the story that its fans see in it, all was for naught, and now i am left asking myself as to just why i even bothered to rent it in the first place. after all, it has been known to be one of a number of very unpopular motion pictures from 1999, and with good reason: it caters to a very low level of mentality, even amongst the underdeveloped minds of the kids for whom it was made. tragically, so do many other movies these days, regardless of how successful or unsuccessful they are--a current, seven-plus-year-long fad that honestly disturbs me and gets me wondering about the sensibility of the average person these days. worse yet is how a movie as plagued with such lowbrow buffoonery as this one would have a "special edition" on dvd five years after its initial release--especially considering how allegedly few people have actually seen it. oh, well...i still wish i could've seen pete townsend's iron man musical. at least that would have been something worth witnessing
rosemary's baby...in spaaaaaaace!.johnny depp is my wife's favorite actor, so she bought the astronaut's wife from a bargain dvd bin when she saw his face on the cover...the plot's a little garbled, but it goes something like this: capt. alex streck (nick cassavettes) and commander spence armacost (johnny depp) go off on a space mission.  when they come back, they're different.  some kind of weird sound--it sounds like shrieking static--was beamed into their bodies.  what it is, exactly, we're not sure.  let's call it "a possessing entity."..this malevolent entity wants to have children.  twins, to be precise.  so spence becomes fixated on 1) molesting his wife jillian (charlize theron), and 2) building a spacecraft for two pilots.  and then jillian finds out she's pregnant!  and soon, streck dies of a seizure and his wife natalie (donna murphy) commits suicide with a toaster!  and it turns out she was pregnant...with twins!..scary stuff, right? ..well, no.  it's not scary.  in fact, the film lingers and drags.  struggling to inject some urgency is the frenetic sherman reese (joe morton).  sherman is convinced something is wrong.  he goes about it all the wrong way, of course, babbling on about aliens from outer space, harassing poor jillian, and basically ensuring that he's a one note character, not an actually developed person. ..this movie is a blatant rip-off (or homage, if you think it's good) of rosemary's baby.  this explains theron's pageboy haircut, but doesn't excuse anything else.  the battle of wills between husband and wife is really a battle of viewer's patience.  will she escape her husband? will jillian abort the children? does anyone care?..it's hard to care.  for much of the film, we're not entirely convinced that there's anything actually wrong with spence. he seems genuinely concerned with his wife; if the movie had bothered to keep us guessing, this would have made for an interesting twist (maybe she was crazy all along!).  but it devolves pretty quickly...there's lots of sexual symbolism, and not the good kind.  yes folks, this is the first film i've ever seen that seriously showed a subway train entering a tunnel overlapped with depp's "oh" face (fans of office space will know what i mean).  is that symbolism or what?..finally, depp has affected a southern accent for no discernable reason.  it turns into something of a vague mumble and he shifts in and out of it (especially when angry), such that we're not sure if spence really ever had an accent.  wouldn't it have been cool if the accent disappeared when the alien possessed him?  yeah, that would have been neat movie...rosemary's baby was very much a product of its time.  the astronaut's wife has all the pretty people and slick special effects, but never really bothers to reinforce the sinister nature of the people from beyond.  everyone gets that the devil is evil incarnate and that you don't want to have his baby.  the astronaut's wife never actually proves that the aliens are bad...jillian's twins could go on to create world peace for all we know...fortunately, depp and theron would go on to do much better works. alas, the astronaut's wife serves as a reminder that you can't just swap out religion with aliens and assume it will be a great movie
boring and stupid.the astronaut's wife, starring johnny depp and charlize theron was a major disappointment. my husband and i have what we call the 30-minute rule when it comes to watching dvd's. since our spare time is so limited, if we are not completely engrossed in the movie at the end of 30 minutes, we stop and put something else on...i'm sorry to say that the astronaut's wife did not make it past the 30-minute rule. in fact, i found myself watching the timer, wishing the minutes would go by faster so we could find a better way to waste our time...the first thing is, the movie is slow. very, very, very slow. there are lots of camera angles on charlize theron looking thoughtful, charlize looking pensive, charlize looking worried, charlize looking scared, charlize looking sad- well, you get the idea. everything seems to happen as though we are watching it through a very long tunnel-- noises are slightly muted and have an "out-of-body" sound to them...even johnny depp is not enough to save this movie. the feeling i generally get when watching johnny depp in a role is that nobody else could have played that part because he makes it so much his own. in this instance, however, i can think of a dozen different actors who could have played the part, and we wouldn't have noticed the difference...if you must watch it, put it on fast forward and read the subtitles. that way you'll get it over with faster.
annoys even theron fans.a beautiful young woman suspects that her astronaut husband might have been radically altered by an in flight astronaut. his partner has a suicidal freak-out, and so does his partner's wife. she learns that she is pregnant and so the stakes increase. ultimately, a desperate ex-cia man struggles to spill the beans to her. will he make it? will she? ..there is suspense in this suspense/sci-fi film; unfortunately, it is unintentional. it consists in wondering when the film is going to get suspenseful. we know everything from the get-go. we know what the husband's secret is, and we know the wife will eventually find out. the only possible pay-off is that the director makes what happens, when theron's character finally figures it out, interesting. unfortunately, she only finds out for sure about an hour and a half into a film well shy of two hours. how interesting could the remainder be? you do the math...i absolutely adore watching charlize theron, both for her obvious charisma, as well as her genuine dramatic ability. how she got sucked into this piece of dreck might serve as a lesson for her. it is certainly a mystery to me why a woman who could snag roles in "celebrity" and "cider house rules" would select this script. perhaps she felt she could save it, since the entire focus is on her character. she did not. the script and the direction made it simply impossible. even a true theron fan, like myself, will be sorely let down ( even more so for depp fans, of which i am not one.
bland boring failed thriller offers too many things that dont really add up.johnny depp (secret window, ed wood) goes up into space with his friend, actor nick cassevettes (son of director john cassevettes, starred in face/off) and both of them come back, in tact although cassevettes soon after at a party dies and then his wife kills herself. theron becomes more and more suspicious of her husband as she finds out evidence that depp might not be her husband, but get this, an alien and that the twins she's carrying in her stomach are aliens as well. then, she's all alone when her sister and other's wind up missing. bland boring thriller offers too many things that really dont add up to anything and the finale is hilariously dumb. depp tries his best to rise above material that seemed to of been remade from other good movies and theron cant show her talents as she lets all the stuff crumble on top of her....she's done way better people and so has depp. also starring joe morton (speed, terminator 2), clea duvall (ghosts of mars, 13 conversations about one thing), tom noonan (armageddon, knockaround guys), donna murphy and gary grubbs (tv's angel). a failed thriller
fairy tale mob.i have no idea what these other reviewers saw but it wasn't the same movie i have. this movie in no way represents the life of la cosa nostra. there are so many scenes in the movie that are totally unrealistic. it's present day and the guys are quot;running numbersquot;. hello, ever hear of the lottery. they start up a quot;bookie buisnessquot;. besides calling it a bookie buisness, which is just plain retarded, how are 4 nobodies going to start bookmaking and become so sucessful that they are taking the action away from a mobster. then when they catch the attention of that mobster he thinks they have balls instead and takes them in to work for him. i guess if they made it true to life those guys would be in a pit in the middle of the woods chopped up in pieces and the movie would have been over. then again that might have been a good thing. the acting was terrible except for the late ray serra and joe d'onofrio. even joe viterelli who is a fine actor came up short given his terrible lines from a script that seemed like a first draft that needed tons of work. rent the hbo film gotti if you want to see what it's really like. just to include wannabees and william demao in the same breath as goodfellas and the great living legend robert deniro is an insult. now demao is making quot;searching for bobby deniroquot;, he could only wish. the only reason i gave it a star is because i had to, they dont let you give it none
i walked out of the movie theater!!!!.i just couldn't sit there anymore....the movie was painfully boring, the storyline totally rediculous....the stuff they put in to shock us was amusing...and not in a good way..this movie didn't need to be made.
it's about kids at a "musical camp" for wannabe performers.these are not your typical teens. they love broadway musicals and want a life of singing and dancing on stage. so here they are at "camp ovation" honing their skills. one of the teachers is a song songwriter. because he is also a "one hit wonder" he's an angry alcoholic. the other characters (teenagers) are a "fag hag", a cross dresser, a chubby girl who has her mouth wired shut, a bleached blonde who thinks too highly of herself and her meek sidekick and a rare straight boy at the camp who lacks self-esteem. ..there is a three good scenes that made this film worth watching but in general mediocre movie. if you like musicals, you will proberly like this but might bore most people.
turkey lurkey time.wow. this is a bad film. where to begin? the young cast is talented and appealing but the writing completely lets these talented youngsters down. was it written for 14-year-olds or by 14-year-olds? comparing it to those shallow but well-intentioned abc after-school specials from the 70s is insulting to the latter. also, it is incredibly offensive that 25 years after "fame" we still are subjected to the sad, doomed paul mccrane gay character (who cross-dresses, naturally), living unrequited and unfulfilled -- in the final scenes he must content himself with watching the straight boy and girl find the happiness denied him. todd graff's heart is obviously in the right place, but please todd, hire a real writer of some depth next time. the score is marvelous, however, and deserves a better film. there are some rare comic moments, but not enough to recommend this film. in fact, adults should stay away from this stinker, only musical theater teens and pre-teens could possibly find this film engaging
yet another ripped-off collector.i have to agree with the previous reviewer; those of us who faithfully bought every season of mash up to now ($300+) are getting abused by fox. they want us to shell out hundreds more dollars to get the special features that we were expecting to see on the season 11 set. shame on you, fox
totally unconscionable.mash is my all time favourite show. as such, i am one of those that bought each season as it came out. i bought mine at a store though and each of mine cost $35 so that's $350 invested so far. when i went looking for season 11, this is what i saw and i still can't believe the absolute disregard fox must feel for its customers. this is seriously one of the most inconsiderate things i've ever seen a media company do. those of us buying the seasons as they come out provide the mash franchise with a revenue stream. to be this unappreciative of that revenue for the past several years is unfathomable to me...what makes it worse is that there was a very simple solution. all fox had to do was put a voucher in the regular season 11 box. send $14.95 and a proof of purchase and receive the bonus features. simple and plain...so fox, if you're paying attention, why should i buy other fox shows as they are released? by doing this, you have completely eroded my interest in buying simpsons and other shows since i'm obviously going to be stuck with several shelf-space stealers and no reasonable way to obtain the difference between those and the grand finale box set. make amends and all will be forgiven, ignore us loyal customers and find there are fewer of us than you would like...ps. and, no, this isn't whining. this is a vocal objection to being swindled
ripped off again!!!.sure buy each season like a good trooper and then get shafted.  no extras on the final season, but you can shell out another 150 big bucks and get the extras and the whole 11 seasons again.  ..the avengers series did a similar thing.  they put out a box set and added a bonus disc with "lost episodes" specials, etc.  there was such an outcry, that ae allowed people to purchase the bonus dvd separately. ..mash should do the same...talk about alienating your customers!!!! wow
does amazon evan watch their movies.what the hell is this!!!.  don't see this movie at all.i don't know what these people are on    ,but don't believe their lies.the story goes when this kid and his mental girlfriend are in a motercycle accident and the kid's girlfriend dies so he brings her back with 2-4-5 trixon.get this know the zombies eat flesh(you heard me,"flesh"not brains but "flesh").if you own this movie take it out to the back yard and eighther shoot it with a bb gun or burn it
not a return of the living dead movie.i was way into the return of the living dead series when i rented this. i started off with number 2 (whcih people here seem to hate for some reason), then was blown away when i saw number 1. i rented number 3 with pretty high expectations. i was expecting a zombie holocaust type situation (even if it was only in one town) along with a descent amount of comedy. ..it turns out its a love story. *spoiler* the main character accidently kills his girlfriend in a motorcycle accident. guilt stricken he brings her back with the chemical from previous return films he gets out of his daddys lab. when his gf is brought back she struggles between the urge to eat brains and her love for the main character*/spoiler*. its an interesting take on the zombie genre, with some good gore. ..its huge flaws are that it never seems to end when it should (it would have gotten another start for being shorter) and for trying to be too serious. the whole 'my daddys a military guy who has a secret lab' thing is done pretty cheesily, along with a lot of other things, yet it tries so hard to be serious. i seriously wasnt expecting that from a 'return' film, i expected my 'return' films to be fun and gruesome. deffinently rent it tho, if for no other reason than to see the chick who plays a bitchy mom on the oc shove glass into her own boob (yeah, you read that right)
when will i turn it off.what are you all on about?, i didn't enjoy this at all, it had interesting moments, sure if you're a fan of neve campbell it's worth a watch, but otherwise, forget it. stick to "wild things", and i don't mean literall
repeat:  this is not ruby cairo!."deception" is the edited version of "ruby cairo," which is not a great movie but which is better than this one.  it isn't just the sex scene that was edited out, but a total of about 20 minutes.  the movie makes more sense in the rc version, and the sex scene, though dark and in andie's case a bit airbrushed, is worth seeing, especially if you are a viggo mortensen fan.  i don't think it was the nudity andie objected to, though, or not entirely.  the scene ends in an act of contempt that would sting any woman.  it effectively lets you know what the man's character is really thinking, but it's brutal in a subtle way.  there is also, of course, the (apparent) age difference between the two characters. he looks about 10 years younger than she does, even with a beard
i'll never get those hours back.i saw this crapfest in the theater and i should have known what i was getting into when we were carded not only at the ticket window, but at the entrance of the theater as well.  i only gave it one star because there wasn't a "no star" rating--even though it deserves a negative rating.  ..as a horror fan, i was intrigued at seeing the movie and as the movie started, it seemed to have alot of promise.  but once we met baby and her "family" the movie went downhill at an accelerated rate.  the movie was disgusting, repulsive, and made no clear sense--at least with michael or freddie you knew what the h*ll was going on.  and i thought that blood sucking freaks and blood sucking vampires from pittsburgh sucked, but corpses not only sucked, it blew. as a friend told me later, "what in the h*ll did you expect from rob zombie?"  what did i expect indeed.  no wonder most production firms refused to touch this film
not up to par.i couldn't wait to see this movie.  knowing that it was a creation of rob zombie's i had the highest of hopes for it.  it fell very short of those hopes.  it started off decent and definitely creepy, then went so far off the path it wasn't funny.  we go from serial killers to cyborgs?  what was rob zombie thinking?  i love horror films, but this one was a huge waste of my time
certainly not stronger than steele.i netflixed this and was surprised at the results. cybil sheppard was likable, but bruce willis, the one for whom i thought i'd like the show for is abrasive (not "fun" abrasive) and generally hammy. i could not like the show because i could not like his character. worse still, the chemistry between the two is simply cold and awkward. totally lacking the spirit and warmth of remington steele and miss laura holt. the humor is grating and sometimes embarrassing...for some reason certain shows just seem stuck in the time period they arrived in and moonlighting is by far one of the, uh, stuckiest. the sound cues feel like they were yanked from terminator one (not a good thing). ..there is a brief interview section on disc one where they brazingly put down other shows of the time period and gloat on how they created something "different." if cold, dated, and impersonal is "different" than i guess they did. i would wager many here who give this 5 stars viewed it in its original time frame and have been fans all along, though i must say looking at this from the outside, it is quite honestly, a train-wreck. i have a feeling the show "could" get better but i won't be around to reset the tracks
the book is a lot better.i had high expectation on the video but it turned out to be quite disappointed and boring, i have to say that the one is one of my favourite books i ever rea
manipulation.this is a crass emotional manipultion..all be it well produced manipulation that gives the viewer a warm fuzzy feeling while very slyly promoting war..suggesting war is a duty to your country or what have you..at the same time manipulting the viewers emotions very very effectively...war is mass indescriminate death of fooled young men and innocent civilians directed by millionaires who's prime purpose is to profit from the killing. ..think for a minute about what you're being told behind this mass of emotional manipulation
sooooo bad.i took my 14 yr old grandson to see this and not only did i think this movie was bad, so did he. i think it should get a razzie award for worst movie of the year. i wouldn't recommend renting and definitely not buying this movie
lacks typical jack black funniness.i have watched all of jack black's films and i have found this one to be his worst. my wife and i couldn't keep from sleeping through it. i will admit that there were some silly parts and somewhat funny parts, but for the most part we had to force ourselves to laugh at this ridiculous movie. i'll more cautious before i rent another jack black movie. i hope this doesn't ruin his career
fellini's rome --- a commercial collection of stereotypes..there is a lot of traffic in rome. .especially on the "raccordo annulare", where accidents .are also frequent..the traffic is noisy and dirty, especially when it rains. .romans swear when they drive and also when they don't...there are many american tourists in rome, .especially around the fountains in the piazzas, .where they cluster and sing american songs. .italian men hit on women tourists, who resist their advances.  .."se vedi gente che lavora, allora non e` roma". .romans do not work..no, some of them do, and, in fact, morning till night. ..but rome is not what it used to be. .everybody knew each other and was polite, .while now everybody is rushed and rude. .besides, the free love of today has substituted .the brothels of yesterday. .yes, some of the brothels were chic, while others less so. ..rome was bombed in the second world war. in fact, .bombing would sometimes interrupt a theatrical .performance. the public then proceeded to the .shelter, where flirting and lovemaking would ensue. ..the roman aristocracy is close to the papal court. .they run parties together, even fashion shows. .cardinals complain that outsiders try to teach the pope .how to rule the church. ..and, yes! motoryclists can and do go around the .colosseum, providing a tasteless final sequence. ..one leaves the cinema with a heavy sense of wasted time. ..does fellini really have nothing at all to say .about the eternal city? after all his years there?.nothing except the .standard collection of stereotypes .about italians, stereotypes that occur in every .scurrilous joke, that are met on the pages of every trashy guide?  ..it is true that there are a few nice sequences, especially .the often mentioned one of the destruction of the frescoes.  ..and then, the great anna magnani appears for about 10 seconds to tell fellini she won't talk to him. . .that is perhaps also a scene worth watching. ..but the rest is commercial cinema. .."vai a dormi', federico".
why can't hollywood leave the book alone??.despite the fact that this movie is fairly entertaining and far better than previous attempts to capture king solomon's mines on film, it lacks the sense of atmosphere, drama and period of the original book.  in fact, it is so different from the book, that had the names been changed, no one would have recognized that it was adapted from haggard's novel. .     instead of an engaging adventure story of (bachelor) gentlemen  treasure seekers in africa, a lost tribe, evil tribesmen, a little magic, narrow escapes and lots of suspense, we get a sappy story of a young woman looking for her father who has been disappeared in africa, and by the way, there might be a treasure.  she is, by the way, beautiful and blond, and her great lash mascara never runs..    hollywood has thrown in some evil russians searching for the "stone of the ancestors" on a mission from the russian czar and has, of course, made quartermain fall madly in love with the blond.  gagool, the most evil of ancient women witch doctors (in the book) has been dumbed down to a gentle white faced and benevolent geisha-like fairy godmother who saves the elderly father from death.  king solomon's mines are conveniently located in downtown kukuanaland and the lovely gagool hands over the key, and takes them to the door. .    true to the genre, the moment they grab the stone of the ancestors the door comes down and they are trapped in the mine!  we are terrified by the suspense for at least 15 seconds, and then they find the way out, the walls come crashing down, they tumble to the ground laughing and decide to get married.  the end.
back to basics..would the powers that be for heavens sake reissue the stewart granger version of "king solomons mines". he is alan quartermain personified and deborah kerr is a more than credible female lead. all else is dross. and while we are at it could we also have the same star casting in the fantastic "prisoner of zenda". stewart granger like many of his contemporaries is under-represented in the dvd revolution.
yeeech.i bought this over the top "chick flick" for my wife and 13 year old daughter.  i stay out of the room when they need a fix
ruined my mac mini!!!.these dvds have a funky copy protection that caused the disc to get stuck in my mac mini.  as of yet, i have not been able to remove it.  i don't want to force it out or have to pay for something because of this manufacturer's stupidity.  it is definitely copy protected because when i tried to play it on windows, it refused due to copyright issues.  i was only trying to play it on my pc!  i wasn't even copying it.  if you plan on watching it on your computer, forget about it... it won't work.  not even on media center.  for copy protection alone i have to rate this set at the lowest setting.  if i was able to play the discs, i would give a decent recent but the protection has rendered both the discs and my computer useless
what time is it?.when prince decided to embrace rb and eschew rock and roll in his original compositions, he became just another act, imho.  his work from 1999 up through sign o' the times was nothing short of genius, but for some reason he decided to turn his attention away from groundbreaking, genre-busting work and concentrate more on being a run-of-the-mill rb and funk revue - complete with dance troupe and annoying horn section...this is prince vegas-afied. he's become a caricature of his former self.  listen to his older stuff like "ballad of dorothy parker" or "lady cab driver" and compare it to the dreck he's come out in the 90's.  it's like night and day...prince dances, sings, plays guitar (underwhelmingly) all over this dvd, but it just feels like prince has become a cheap, glitzy version of himself. and the "jeebus" stuff gets real ridiculous real quick as well...i'd love to see prince just strip it down to a four or five piece band (sans horns) and get back to being about the music and not the spectacle.  he could have been one of the great music stars in history, but he's decided instead to just be another rb revue... shame, really...that said, the time comes to deliver the goods, and kicks his royal badness to the curb with great performances of "jungle love" and "the bird".  i'd have rather seen them headline the dvd!
a bunch of intersting characters does not equal a good movie.do not be fooled by this movie. it pretends to be deep, but it is far from having any depth whatsoever. the movie progresses well until halfway through the movie when suddenly a plot twist comes out of nowhere, and instead of developing some of the characters further, they get bumped off. how convenient. the writers obviously did not know how to end the movie and the audience is left with no resolution and no plot. it sets a bad precedent for future movies. it's not enough to be able to come up with a bunch of interesting, and bizarre, characters. there needs to be a plot, character development, and redemption or resolution, as well as foreshadowing if there is going to be a complete 180 degree turn in the plot. otherwise, you are left with a movie with no meat on its bones, and no real point to watch. and i certainly do not enjoy being manipulated - i like a little "hmmmm, i wonder what's really going on..."  and not something completely off the wall just because the writers have reached a stone wall and are throwing something in to pick up the plot..... character develpoment is always much more better than a twist that makes no sense whatsoever...don't waste your time on this one
typical rom-com for genre/bullock/affleck fans only.if you've seen one you've seen them all. uptight guy by chance meets quirky girl, she brings him out of his shell...well, i bought this for like two dollars, and maybe it was worth it. i watch it like once a year. no special features on dvd worth mentioning...ben affleck is getting married, he has to fly down to the south from ny for the wedding. but things keep getting in his way. forces of nature. also, he keeps running into, and can't seem to get away from, some weird chick (bullock). are these signs? should he stop being so uptight, and go with this free-spirited chick? or should he be an adult and get married and accept his vanilla lifestyle?..the acting in this movie is "meh", meaning sandra has the same personality that she has in every movie; and affleck sucks, as usual. the other small parts are well done, for the most part...the script is formulaic, and the cinematography at times is interesting. it's just another rom-com where the whacky girl brings the uptight guy out of his shell. the movie opens with a stripper scene, no nudity. there is also a pot-smoking scene in this movie. there is also a scene where affleck strips at a gay bar. just thought i'd throw that in, in case you're considering buying this for your teen daughter or something, and that kind of thing bothers you...you only need to buy this is you are a rom-com fanatic, or a big fan of either affleck or bullock. otherwise this is completely forgettable.
not much for laughs and even less for plot.wedding crashers is the kinda film alot of people will love because it is stupid but alot of others like myself, won't enjoy. two womanizers fall in love, one because he finds out that his gf is not actually a virgin, like first off, what does virginity have to do with love?  second, who would actually believe that she was telling the truth when she said that she was a virgin?  then owen wilson's character fall in love with rachel's mcadams character and well, that's the usual predictable romance plot. the problem with this film is it's not that funny. it seems to think it's better then it is. i don't think i hardly laughed during this film. the part about the "supposive" gay guy like people think he is gay so therefore of course, because it's this kind of film, he ends up being gay and of course, he tries to hit on vince vaughn's character in a scene that is beyond creepy. lets just say that "gay" guy is prob one of the worst actors i've seen.  then we get a cameo from will ferrell, alot of people i know find this guy "so" funny. but i don't get it. it just wasn't funny to me. u know, i loved the classic, "american pie" that was just stupid for its own good but it delivered the goods to make it a great comedy! this film wasn't so much funny as stupid.  for the most part, i'm not going to remember this film in 5 years from now because it's just an average film
really really bad.this movie is so bad. it is just about a annoying valley girl blonde who is rich and has tons of friends and who has no real problems. the only people who like this movie are the ones who wished they were the main character, a pea brained airheaded ditz who has no redeeming qualities. the movie tries hard to invent new "teen speak" with tons of lame catch phrases that unfortunately caught on with some unpopular kids who liked the movie so much, they tried to sound like the shallow empty headed spoiled main characters even though most of the movie's fans live the life nowhere close to cher's and look nothing like her but they want to pretend. the movie hits you with these lame catch phrases every 15 seconds, desprate to beat you over the head with them. in the movie, the main character, cher thinks she is too good for the boys in her high school but then she ends up with someone who is pratically a relative to her. nasty! she is really arrogant for someone whose realtionship should be jerry springer. she's supposed to be a posh valley girl but at the end, she's like ella may clampet going after jethro when all her resources for finding a man runs out.
b-film.saw this on tv while puppy sitting...i have no love for comic books and their simple stories and two dimensional heroes. b-film movies based on their format are worse...made like the b-films of the thirties and forties, this film wreeks. costuming is great. its brilliance is in the technologies that created it but gets low marks in stories and characters. from the hansom heroic sky captain and his specially made p-40 sinister and mysterious mad scientist professor totenkopf whose robotic drones are robbing the world of materials for an unknown purpose while assasinating his former colleagues, this is really pathetic junk. the heroine or love interest is clueless, slightly airheaded and not trustworthy. in one scene she walks through jungle on high heals. the sidekick is rayguns on the brains. plot is plotless. ..overall, this film is interesting technology but otherwise awful.
a lot of effort, little substance..there's not too much i can offer here, since i found very little to grab my attention throughout this movie.  a lot of nice shots of the robots in this, and the color tweaking really did help keep the cgi effects seem more real in their settings.  i'm sure there has been some debate over the use of sir laurence olivier in this movie, but that's not something that i think really applies to my overall sense of the film...i am sure that a lot of nostalgia and sentimentality can be attached to this film in the way it pays homage to classic science fiction and old cinema.  a lot of the camera angles, costumes, the shapes of the robots and weapons, all reminisce upon cinema and comic books of yore, and in concept this film is a good reminder of those days of pure invention in science fiction, as silly as they may look to us today...but this trip down memory lane was down a poorly chosen lane.  there are plenty of comic books and movies of the time that were also very eerily accurate in their predictions of the future, and because of that they're not often harked upon.  instead, this film goes for the silly sci-fi and wraps it in a package that was clearly tweaked by many a studio executive to make sure there were romantic moments, a spiffy sidekick, and enough explosions to keep popcorn eaters eating...this movie felt like a lot of effort with little substance.
great movie with botched packaging....i wanted to express my disappointment with sony for dumping these films on the market in the full frame, pan  scan format.  these films should have been made available in their respective widescreen aspect ratios (2.35 for gidget and 1.85. for the other two).  the films themselves are a lot of fun, especially the first gidget with the great sandra dee, but the joy is quickly snuffed out by the fact that almost half of the picture is missing.  how about a proper release showing these films a little respect?
i am not putting any part of that dog in my mouth!.if disney ever wanted to make the argument that they have not lost touch with their childhood roots, i would strongly suggest not mentioning snow dogs in that argument.  sure, the numbers showed that this film was a success (i.e. the budget was $35 million and it took in $81 million in the us alone), but the final product that was released to the screen was nothing but sheer drivel.  from the unoriginal story, to the inconsistent characters, to the painful acting of cuba gooding, jr., snow dogs proved two truths.  the first is that disney can successfully make and mass-produce b-level cinema.  the second is that they can make oscar-winning actors give the worst performances of their careers.  snow dogs demonstrates fully that some people in hollywood choose money over scripts, they choose flimsy over developed, and recycled over original.  what upset me the most about this film was the use of cgi to exaggerate the dog's expressions.  to me, that is a huge slap in cuba gooding, jr's face.  if the studio didn't think that cuba could successfully make the audiences laugh, then they needed to get stronger talent, do not muddle the genre with cgi created eyes, mouths, and expressions on the dogs.  with this cgi, i felt as if i was watching a quick fix to an already unfixable problem...did i go into this film expecting greatness?  not in any way shape or form.  what i did expect was a level of professionalism topped with some brilliant "something" to make me utterly aware that this was a disney film and while they may have a bad film on their hands, at least they may throw money to fix the problem.  again, my expectations were demolished.  it became very obvious as i watched this film that half of the scenes were in front of a green screen, not actually in alaska.  some of the more emotional moments were completely ruined by the horrid special effects in place.  disney has the money, where did the $35 million dollar budget go?  from the cgi created dog "faces" to the cgi trees, bears, and mountains, you never felt like you were in alaska at all, but instead warmly comfortable inside an obvious soundstage.  pay up disney, you cheated me on this one.....for this to be a full review, i have to mention the acting.  it pains me to do so because nobody, i repeat, nobody could muster any form of "reality" to this film.  from the delivery of the lines, the horrid physical comedy (which never worked), to the random moment of romance, not one character in this movie stayed in character or gave us any semblance of an actual character.  i watched an hour and a half of actors awkwardly demonstrating to us that they did not know their characters, that they did not know their lines, and that the paycheck at the end was more important than the work throughout the process.  i place solely the blame on cuba gooding, jr.  what happened to him?  from the opening scene in miami to the ending embarrassing "catch-phrase", i felt like cuba should have handed the academy back the award and apologized to everyone profusely.  there are lines in snow dogs that were obviously read from a cue card.  there were moments when it was obvious cuba didn't care.  he showed no range of emotion, no rational credibility, and again, there was no character.  who was cuba gooding, jr. in this film?  just like a tootsie roll pop, the world may never know!  i could easily, and sadly, say the same about james coburn.  he was awarded an oscar as well and the best he can manage is snow dogs?  who was thunder jack?  what was his story, what made him gruff, what ... what ... what ... just too many questions running through my mind with these key actors that it makes me feel sorry for the child audience this film was aimed towards.  it was very clear that neither of these actors were passionate about the story for they would have stopped early and backed away.  i would have thought that cuba (or at least james coburn) would have put their hands down when it was discovered that sisqo (mr. thong himself) was going to be a key player.  unbelievable is the level of lacking respect that both of these actors had for themselves.  the proof is in snow dogs...what bothered me the most about this film was the lack of intelligence aimed towards children.  this was a "family" film, yet racism seemed to be slapped directly in your face.  there was a scene that sticks out in my mind when gooding tries to find his real father and assumes that it can only be the other black man in town.  when it is discovered that it is someone else, there is a shock in the community.  this film was released in 2002, with the society that we live in why would this be such a shock to the system?  couple this with the fact that michael bolton brings us the "inspirational" line from the film, "it doesn't matter what color you are, everyone can have soul."  egh.  where did this come from, and is this a "good" message to send to children?  this ranks right next to the feeling that gooding's love-interest was the only woman within a 100-mile radius, and that those living in alaska are grizzly men with bad teeth.  i felt midway through this film that disney executives were in their offices insisting on another cool runnings-esque film (there was even a volkswagen moment in this one).  sadly, with snow dogs their request became a nightmare...overall, this was a cheap film, which boasts oscar-winners performing well below the bar, cgi dogs and background, a story that hinges on the edge of fantasy, and the quintessential disney "bow of approval".  what i mean by this is that anything can happen, and with disney films, it will.  gooding has the finances to leave his dental practice for several weeks without worrying about missing work, he can learn how to dogsled within a couple days, saves a man's life, and he immediately falls in love with the only girl from town who happens to be a model in her spare time.  for those looking for a cute and cuddly film about dogs, i would not suggest this garbage.  it is predictable, pretentious, and pathetic.  maybe a six-year old wouldn't mind the three "p", but this critic hated it!..grade: * out of ****
[no 0 star rating]  an unbelievably stupid film.reading the posted reviews here, is like revisting the ballessssss white liberals who are portrayed in this preschool-level, skewered portrayal of the 60's. white = bad (you can finish the equation.)..for those considering hi, mom whether for purchase or rental, be sure to watch it with your (white) wife and then project her  into depalma's puerile depiction of a liberal couple, attending an all black drama (except for deniro who conveniently is portraying the viscious hunky cop). then witness her being raped and mauled while you are beaten. why? because you are white!..stupidity not worthy of further commentary
do not expect a love story..warning: it is not worthing if you like love story, forget it. go for "just a question of love" or "latter days". and if you're interested in nudity, well, you won't get much. although you see a very and close shot of jeremie's (?)juicy toy. however, the film is french. as any good french movie, it has to be strange. it seems the film and characters go nowhere, and by the end, you are sure that they went nowhere. i felt frustrated. .you never really know what they are thinking or feeling, but that's okay, sometimes, neither we do. after the disappointment i can say that overall i like it because it makes you think. both boys have problems concerning their inner feelings and you see neither of them are mature enough to speak out. and we adults can't do that either. .but nevertheless, if you like uneasy stories and french movies. that's the one
flip flop plot.i think the director needs prozac to direct this movie, the whole plot is so mess up, junior high student can write better story than this..what was he thinking. don't waste your money buying this movi
if i could i would rate it a 0 star.this is one of the most horrible movies i've ever seen.  the characters, especially the two main actors, have no common sense, no brains. this story is about lies, betrayal, selfishness. it justifies all these values in the name of love. is that true love?  the real victim in this whole film was the poor fiance who had no idea that his girlfriend, gabriela, was a total whore. how could anyone trust as woman who changes her mind ever 5 min?. i felt absolutely disgusting after the film. it's not romantic, its definitely not a love story, not exiting, intelligent, nothing, it offers nothings. it's cheap and i wasted my money by renting it.  the only good acting in the film was by lupe ontiveros. she deserved more scrip time. so, please do not buy this film unless your into ghetto, cheap, lust stories.
low-budget not indie.don't be fooled by the positive reviews.  this film is low-budget in a cheap, cliched, poor dialog, predictable way.  less than halfway through, i began to wonder if i had accidentally picked some soft core porn.  but this movie isn't even sexy.  i don't know why i finished watching it.  those are some minutes i can't get back
boring i fell asleep watching.patrick swayze worst movie ever you hardly ever seen him in the movie pluse you had to read the whole thing, forest whitaker scene's was probobly the best thing about the movie maybe this movie would of been much better without the letter box verson and  that's a big mayb
soooooooooooo bad.teens don't talk like that.  i rip off of 16 candles and so utterly cliched that it felt like a parody
laney boggs was robbed....i first saw this movie in high school-i believe i was a senior-and i remember thinking, "high school is not like this at all!" throughout the whole movie. now, i do understand that this is a fictional movie and therefore it is set in a fictional world, where anything is possible (except laney boggs becoming prom queen of course), but i felt like this movie was so far out into la la land with it's premise and execution that it was hard to really relate or like any of the characters in the movie. first of all, why do movies always have to over-exagerate the bitchiness of a prom queen??? in my school, the homecoming court and prom court were chock full of nice, friendly kids, and the ones who took home the crowns were voted on because of there personalities, not because they were hot like taylor vaugh or whatever her name was. i hate that stereotype because it doesn't relate to any school-at least any school in the midwest! also, what was so terribly heinous about rachel lee cook that they would pick her over any other girl in the school-so what if she wore ugly clothes and had big glasses-the girl has a killer face and a tiny little body...her only flaw was her love for being a loner. freddy prinze jr. was at his peak in this movie though-he seems to have gone wayyyyyyy downhill since this movie was released. the best part about this movie is the cheesy makeover sequence when laney walks down the stairs to sixpence none the richer's song kiss me. the biggest let down of this movie to me though was that taylor won prom queen over laney. seriously, that still pisses me off to this day. the ending was just a complete and utter bomb...i wanted that skank taylor to lose and cry or get totally laughed at or at least have had some minor bad thing happen to her. she was just a horrible, snotty witch and nothing bad seemed to happen to her. oh well, this movie is pretty lame...i will always remember it though because i saw it in the theater with three of my close friends our senior year. cheesy movie...laney boggs was robbed!!
wes, say it aint so.i have hope that someday wes craven will return to greatness, that his abilities as a filmmaker will once again outshine his horrible motives for movies like scream 2, cursed, and dracula 2000. i have waited patiently for him to make another cinematic cult classic like "a nightmare on elm street" or "the last house on the left", but alas "red eye" fails to be anywhere near as good as those two previous movies. first of all, the flick is pg-13, which means no blood, no sex, and no good stuff that accounts for a horrible plot. a pair of breasts and a bloody brain splatter can make up for bad plot twists sometimes.  i must admit there are directors that can pull off a pg-13 horror flick but wes craven is not one of the chosen few..	 as soon as the opening credits are over the plot has unfolded in my head, yeah it's that predictable. the main character lisa is on the phone with her dad while in the airport. her grandmother just kicked the bucket and she is hopping a red eye flight (creative title, huh) to visit daddy. immediately you realize the old man has something to do with the story line, and he is obviously more than a destination point. while on the phone with pops, lisa puts him on hold to speak with cynthia, a girl that is taking her place as hotel manager while she engages on her trip. cynthia has to somehow be a victim.  next lisa meets a gentleman that buys her a drink in the airport bar and the two of them just so happen to sit next to each other on the airplane; he is obviously the bad guy. not just because of the random circumstances, but he has those bad guy eyes. the movie is over from my point of view, besides a few inconsistencies, the viewer already knows that the father will be threatened if lisa and cynthia don't work together to make some violent action against a guest at the hotel. now we all know that this won't happen because all crappy movies have happy endings. that is why seven was a splendid film by the way, the villain was triumphant. the guy that sits next lisa on the plane will most likely be the only one who dies in the entire movie. it's all expected, and it's all dribble. which may be why they made the movie pg-13, no one over the age of thirteen should be allowed to see it. .	this movie could have been saved, if the villain had a better plan, if he was more convincing. if the protagonist wouldn't be so heroic if her morals wouldn't be so goody two shoes. if the movie wasn't so black and white good versus evil it would have been tolerable.
thoroughly predictable "thriller".the only thing that kept this from being absolutely predictable was that a dead bad guy did not spring back to life.  i found myself saying "oh come on" to one plot point after another (previous reviewers have covered these absurdities).  the underlying scenario was unconvincing and un-involving (previous reviews in this thread provide details)
the biggest waste of brian cox ever!.the premise:.lisa reisert (rachel mcadams) is travelling home on the last flight of the night (the red eye) to miami where she lives and works as a hotel manager for a prestigeous hotel after attending the funeral for her late grandmother. jackson rippner (cillian murphy) is a mysterious and charming stranger she meets in the airport who as it turns out is not so coincidentally taking the same flight as she is...rippner's reason for travel is strictly business. it so happens an assassination is planned on the secretary of homeland security while he stays at lisa's hotel. rippner needs lisa to call the hotel and arrange for the secretary to stay in a different room. if she doesn't comply, he has a man waiting outside her fathers home to kill him...thoughts:.this was one of my few experiences with wes craven's (director) work who is most known for the horrible genre of teenage slasher films i despise. i had dismissed this film in theatres without giving a second thought, and when i finally saw it last night i knew next to nothing of what it was about. from what i vaguely remembered of the previews, and given craven's reputation, i was honestly expecting rippner to be a supernatural character such as a vampire. in hindsite, i think 'vampire on a plane' woulda been a much better foundation for a film...to call this film's premise shaky is as kind as it is unfair. it's unfair because the core plot points could prove to be an interesting thriller. the problem with this film is how it executes those points. a hotel manager? the secretary of homeland security? give me a break! make it the deputy director of the fbi and the president of the united states and we have a plotline that warrants all of this hullabaloo. the concept of this film has potential, but how it was staged is just too ridiculous. are we really to believe that the secretary of homeland security is that important that such an elaborate scheme to assassinate him would be put in place. are we really to believe that the only way this assassination (which involves missles did i tell you? i won't say anymore) can be pulled off is if the manager of the hotel can get the secretary to stay in a different room? and who are these nameless caucaisions who want the secretary killed? and why?..the premise isn't only shaky, it's totally gutless. it sickens me that hollywood is so afraid of offending anyone that neither the antagonist nor their motives can in any way reflect real world people, situations or beliefs. it forces me to recall the debacle of the last adaptation of the great jack ryan thrillers by tom clancy, the sum of all fears. in that film, instead of having militant muslim terrorists acquire a nuclear warhead lost by isreal (which truly is something to fear), they decided to go with nazi's. heaven forbid we offend all the militant muslim terrorists of the world by portraying them as the evil stain on humankind that they are. i digress. my point is simply that red eye doesn't even go that far. it has no voice. it doesn't tell us anything, and worse, it's too spineless to put a face on fear...there are some good things about the film. first and foremost is the cast. while rachel mcadams is completely not believable as a manager of a prestigious miami hotel, that part of her character is more of sidenote and it's a fault of casting more than her acting anyway. cillian murphy is very talented, and he has a look that allows him to come off as charming one moment and creepy the next. i still wish he woulda turned out to be a vampire though. finally we have the legendary brian "better than anthony hopkins as hannible lector" cox. he's such a great actor, but in this film he's relegated to the most menial of roles. almost every scene he's in is him answering the phone, being woken up by the phone, or picking up the morning paper...the film is ok in it's first two acts, with the second act being the strongest part of the film where rachel and cillian have performances confined mostly to their seats on the plane. it's here that the tension builds, and the performances really hold the scenes. then comes the third act were the film just breaks down in to complete ludicrousness. the story continues off the plane and gives up completely on being an intellectual thriller. instead it goes for the action route and follows just about every cliche for a movie of this type...the verdict:.red eye has an interesting idea that could have beened turned into something a lot better under a more able screenwriter and director. the actors performances do the best they can to keep this ship afloat. if you can ignore the ridiculous parts of this film which are about as far fetched as your typical network tv thrillers, then you may find some enjoyment your first time through. it's not horrible, but neither is it really good
the laughs aren't worth the tears.you know you're in trouble when the "meet cute" scene is rude and obnoxious.  as other reviewers have noted, this is a drama with funny moments, not a comedy with dramatic moments.  in drama, the world is allowed to fall apart, in comedy, you expect a happy ending.  everything about this movie is ambiguous and edgy.  you don't know if you are supposed to like him (vince vaughn) or her (jennifer aniston), the set pieces are cruel, the redemptive moments inadequate...the movie fails because the characters aren't lovable on their own or together...this was a movie that needed another re-write, either to tone down the farcical elements or to play up the happy and gentle moments.  while both actors could do both comedy and drama (and vaughn does convey some surprising real character development), they can't bridge both in this movie.  the tone is off -- it's too heavy for their personas...i would recommend this for folks considering a break-up who want to have a second opinion.  i would not recommend it for folks who are in the middle of a fight.  it will add fuel to the fire
can't believe i wasted my time!.this wasn't a very entertaining movie at all. i guess i am one that likes to be happily entertained when i actually find the time to spend ~2 hrs in front of a movie and this just didn't do it. i was annoyed most of the time i watched it. the ending stunk too. like another reviewer pointed out, jennifer a.'s character had all these things she wanted him to learn, and then, when he 'goes there', she still walks away. don't waste your time!
high expectations that were not met.i could not wait to see this movie when i first saw the coming attractions.  i can honestly say that i wasn't totally disappointed but my life isn't any better now that i have seen it.  only a few laughs here and not many memorable scenes.  get it if you must but i would not waste too much money for it
i can't believe it??????????????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.this movie was the most disappointing piece of garbage i have ever seen.  aniston's character goes through hell to see this guy wake up and when he finally does and shows her that he is ready to give her what she has been wanting she up and rejects him.  that is total nonsense.  i expected them to get back together in the end.  real people do not behave like this.  or maybe they do... it would go a long way in explaining the suicide rate in this country
this movie was ok, but sucked at the same time.i laughed a few times in this movie but was more annoyed then anything..i was left with a horrible feeling in me after the movie was over..if i wanted a downer of a ending i could just go out and watch the the different [...] that happens in the world....i waited for a long time to rent this movie, now i wish i never had rented this movie because my money i spent will go to support movies like this....what a waste of time....bbbboooooooo!!!!! all the hype was built up into a bowl of [...]....
the break up is one irritating film.the break up is a an annoying film that presents a couple on the brink of all- out personal warfare over a relationship gone bad. this movie features plenty of yelling, deceitfulness, game playing, and other things that are common when a relationship has reached its final hours. ..i can remember when this film was first released and it seemed intriguing. based on the advertisements for the film, it looked like it would be an entertaining romantic comedy. it fact, it is neither romantic nor funny. there are dashes of humor at the beginning of the film but little else. the movie is mostly serious all the way with vaughn and aniston arguing almost non- stop until the very end of the film when they become civil once more. ..vaughn and aniston were known to be personally involved with each other during the time this movie was being filmed and this fact gave me the impression that the movie would offer great chemistry and passion. but vaughn and aniston do not seem right in this movie. they don't seem like a likely couple and many film critics have correctly pointed out that the two were not very good together in this film. ..what really bothered me most with this movie is how irritated i felt as i watched! vaughn and aniston continuously trade barbs with each other and vaughn acts impatient and irritating even when he is with friends. watching the film actually elevated my blood pressure and raised my stress level. i watched it with the hope of viewing a lightened up comedy that would serve as a good after- work stress reliever. instead, i felt the urge to blow off steam when the movie was finally over. this drama might be the type that some bickering couples can relate to but not only could i not relate, my tolerance for this film continued to decline with each minute. i just wanted it to end to put me out of my misery. ..there are a few redeeming qualities with this movie, like the individual performances by the various cast members. but the main problem with the acting is that the performers and performances don't seem to gel. the characters are fine on their own, but they don't have the on- screen chemistry so desperately needed to make this film work. it all ads up to a frustrating film that should be avoided.
i would rate this comdy zero stars if i could..i have to say i did not have too much faith to begin with that this was going to be a good movie.  however, the reviews i had read and the blockbuster cashier all said it was a genuinely funny movie. my friends and i were ready for a good comedy. i suppose if you think that perpetual arguing and name calling and irresponsible behavior is hilarious then i suppose it could win an oscar nomination. ..needless to say, i thought it was the worst movie i had ever seen!  ever.  ..i feel like jennifer anniston signed onto this movie to vent all her withheld emotions  about brad and their disintegrating relationship/marriage.  and vince vaughn was portrayed as a big buffoon.  i felt foolish hanging in there as long as i did waiting for the tide to turn and the humor to begin. it never happened.  and i watched a good hour and a half.  they yelled at each other the entire time.  no joke.  i felt tense and contracted on the couch and none of my friends were laughing either.  i left before the ending but heard a bunch of groans coming from the living room so the ending was no better.  ..i cannot say i was disappointed, i simply felt foolish renting it in the first place and subjecting my friends to it.  i suppose the only good that came out of this rotten movie was that jennifer and vince found love on the movie set.  so in that case i give it one star.
sha,she-sha,she-sha!!!.extremely boring italian non-horror movie. this movie builds and builds, but nothing ever really happens. the guy who doesn't get it? i'll tell you my friend. this movie rides on the coattails of the "its so weird and strange, it must be a masterpiece" logic. there isn't any horror, some gaudy colors, entanglement in barbed-wire, maggots, and friday the 13th. noises. thats it. there isn't much pay off to watching this film. at no point was i even remotely scared while watching this movie, and like that other guy, i had a really hard time not falling asleep. you want italian scares? bring on fulci or the bavas, or even cannibal holocaust for chrissakes! argento is a hack and a phony. period
what am i missing?!.i must be missing something, i bought this movie... when i watched it i fell asleep, its boring as hell trust me im a true horror fan and a gore-fiend, this movie was nothing, the only gore was when this guy cut some lady in the heart and it looked so fake.... the only scary part was the end with this witch, is everyone high but me? this movie sucked! boring as hell.. 2 stars
i realliy wanted to like this film....while it's got a good cast and nice production values for a indy film, it just never seems to come together.  the tone is frequently way off (even odd), and sadly much of it seems to have been "dumbed down" for cheap laughs.  it's too bad, it could have been a very good comedy
disappointing at best.i love the original comic strip by eric orner. it is sexy, funny, fizzy and cool.  i don' know if the movie tries too hard or not hard enough but most of it falls flat.  i am a big fan of dan letterle and he is the best and only reason to watch the movie.  everything he says and does rings true.  and he is way sexy too
is ''cringe-worthy'' a word?.i'm surprised by all the praise this movie gets here at amazon and beyond. there really wasn't much here i liked. the soundtrack was the usual "pap" you'd expect from a family friendly movie, though the sets were nice. it seems this movie was just miscast. mel just doesn't do comedy all that well, at least for a lead role. jame garner, the reason i bought this seems more like a bystander. and jodie is jodie and i never bought for a moment she was her character. ..although the cast is a powerhouse (on paper), sadly the chemistry never really works and the jokes are just cornball. an example: there was a sequence when bret asks his friends (who are standing behind him) to whistle to reveal themselves to some bandits he was confronting; which as it turns out they are unable to do. instead jodie and james, blow madly, just like the movie...this movie reminds me a hell of a lot like ''the three amigo's''; on paper you would think it couldn't miss, but on film it's painful to watch
over-hyped excuse to bill big-name actors.this film is a perfect example of how straight action and big-name stars cannot replace the necessity of well written drama. ..i will not give away the plot -- although that is admittedly hard to do since there is so little of it. basically clooney's character mr. ocean, a career burgler, is released from prison with a plan to rob the vault of a las vegas casino. so he recruits 11 men, each with a talent to add to the operation. this is where the trouble begins. the viewer is given no reason at all why he should sympathize with any of these characters. there is almost no introduction to many of them, and barely even a mention of their names. literally half an hour into the film "the eleven" are assembled and they're already robbing the casino. how's that for plot development? and that's basically it ladies and gentlemen: go to vegas, rob casino, go home, movie over. some of the "good guys" are even outright repellant. our would-be heros' enterprise is bankrolled by some greasy hollywood tycoon. am i supposed to like this fat weasel? ..the only reason we are given to sympathize at all with at least mr. ocean, is that the guy he's robbing, the casion owner, is a really bad guy. supposedly he has people killed 'n stuff. (this actor played a bad guy in godfather part 3). but we never see any real evil deeds. in fact, he just seems like a handsome, polite, very prosperous businessman. he manages to raise his voice for just one line in the entire film. mr. ocean on the other hand, and his cohorts, are career criminals. but the guy they're robbing is an even greater criminal, you see. so that makes it ok. and really, if you were being robbed, wouldn't you want to be robbed by george clooney and brad pitt? they're such nice guys. that makes getting robbed fun. just a couple of nice guys stealing from another nice guy. how thrilling...this entire film is a rushed series of action sequences punctuated by a few soap opera moments with julia roberts. there are a few minor things going on in the backgroung, like a boxing match, which are essentially irrelevent. throughout there seems to be vital information missing (like say, a plot). soderbergh simply did a terrible job of making me care what happens to clooney and roberts. ..this film is also horribly cut. several times what seemed like vital plot details were intoduced, and then completely forgotten about. take the scene where pitt and a buddy are casing out the joint and the casino's owner makes an appearence. the folder he has just been handed, explains pitt, contains secret security codes. you would think that would be something important right? you would think they will need to get those codes. well, wrong. in fact you won't hear or see a single thing more about them for the rest of the movie. they introduce what seems to be an important detail and then totally abandon it without any development. and that happens all the time in this movie. ..in fact mr. ocean's team gets down the secure elevator shaft and into the vault with only minor difficulties. (and boy, they started repelling down that shaft quick, didn't they? you didn't even know they were robbing the place yet. wow, these guys are good. or maybe steven soderbergh is as over-rated as his film.) they make it look easier than breaking into the safe at 7-eleven. this, after mr. ocean briefed his crew at the beginning on the nearly impregnable security measures the vault was supposed to have. ..one would hope this film would at least end strong. but soderburgh makes the final scene open ended in such a way as to leave the audience confused and disappointed. we are left wondering whether the "eleven" actually got away with their caper...or worse. what a way to completely overturn the mood of a movie that at least had the merit of being light-hearted. the writer of the screenplay even said as much in the audio commentary to the dvd! (as did the actors in their commentary.)probably the best moment on this dvd is hearing the screenwriter tell soderbergh to his face that he screwed up the ending. ..i am loath to give either 1 or 5 stars, since hardly anything is absolutely good or bad, but this film comes very close to 1 star. this is your standard artistically worthless hollywood product. it is big on budget, big on bling, and low on story. i suppose if you just feel like wasting some time, this is as good a way to do it as any. personally i would rather have a story with more substance
unimpressed.i only caught the 2nd half of this movie on tv last night so can't comment on the movie as a whole except to say that i am no fan of ludicrous caper movies.  but i must point out that the scene near the end where julia roberts runs up to george clooney as he's being led away by the cops is totally stolen from the final scene of "green card" (andie mccowell  gerard depardieu) and it's not done nearly as well, either.  don't want anyone to think that got past me
hmm.this movie is for liberals what the left behind book series is for christian conservatives, it portrays reality how they want to see it. its like they wanted to make a good story but tried too hard to cram as much pc political propaganda in as possible and ended up ruining it. entertaining in some parts but pretty dumb overall imo
reality would have been better than fiction.this movie turned me off with its focus on nash's schizophrenia rather than his monumental achievements. three-fourths of the movie turns out to be nash's delusion. i felt like a voyeur, entertained by someone else's pain.  at the end, i wasn't even certain of exactly what it was that nash had developed....just that he was a brilliant mathematician and severely ill. the barbaric "medical treatment" of the 1950s left me feeling sick. ..a documentary would have been far more entertaining. nash is a brilliant man despite, not because of, his illness, and i found this movie (especially since much of it is fictionalized) to be exploitive. only two stars
glossy  presentation but a dull finish!.i bought this with the intent in mind of seeing step by step house painting instructions. what i received was a dvd with allot of talk on "how to do"  certain painting exercises but the "hosts" did not conclude or follow thru to a logical end. lacks thorough demonstrations for the novice to really "apply", translate this to one's own painting projects!
i told better jokes in 4th grade!.seriously bad...she sounds more like a motivational speaker for [...] women than she does a comic. i watched this last night high-as-a-kite and did not laugh at a single thing...that's never happened before. had i been sober i wouldnt of watched it at all. terrible
annoying and unfunny.i am glad i rented this dvd.  it actually is not even worth the rental price. it is that unfunny.  i think her impressions are horribly annoying.  she sounds bitter and evil rather goofy and funny.  i would be surprised if a laugh track wasn't used. the camera never focused once on the audience. so who knows if they were really laughing.  i think she is unattractive and that adds insult to injury.  she think she is all that and a bowl of soy sauce but she isn't.  her only funny impression was when she was making fun of her asian parents.  other than that the best way to describe her unorignal comedy style is that it is comprised of generic and vulgar anecdotes that are more annoying to hear than funny.  i think after her shows she is laughing at her audience back stage because she is managing to get away with telling awful jokes and stories and making it huge. she has the last laugh.
just not funny...i decided to rent this after reading a few good reviews and hearing some decent things about her. i truly believe i have a good sense of humor and find comedy in all aspects of life. i do not get offended when watching any comedian.  there are very few stand up comics that i do not find funny in some way...however, i was dismayed to realize that i just did not find 95% of this dvd funny. the jokes are slow coming and it even has some serious moments when she touches on some dead friends and gay marriage. sure, there was a joke at the end of each, but i prefer stand up comics to deliver jokes a littler quicker than 1 every 3 minutes. it's as if she decided to use the recording of the show to get a serious message across. the serious 'hesitate' speech at the end did not make me hesitate to turn off this poor example of comedy. a nearly 5 minute speech on how we should accept everyone...the voices that she does to represent other characters are extremely annoying. especially the colonic therapist who is helping her when she goes for internal irrigation. that whole routine sounds like she actually went there and only for the purpose of new material. you just *knew* that some lame joke about touching her other area was coming, and sure enough, she delivered it. ..getting fisted by a lesbian dwarf?  sorry, but it just was not funny.  the whole scene about visiting an sm party seems to have been developed just to sound cool. her method of repeating punch lines is also annoying, it was not funny the first time, why repeat it
way overrated.i had heard a lot about how funny margaret cho was, and finally got a chance to watch her video. i find her way overrated...she does have some funny stuff. she's got a particular knack for doing impressions, and there's some other genuinely funny material...however, the funny stuff was diluted by the greater volume of material that was clearly just pandering to the audience. she does a lot of vulgar material, homosexual-oriented jokes, etc. that are clearly just there for the "outlaw" value. and she often descends in to abject preaching on topics that seem to either just be things that she's personally bitter about or are designed to ingratiate her to her fan base. it's just... not funny.
"no-laughs-for-us c.h.o.".i'm a cho fan, and consider "i'm the one that i want" to be just about the best stand-up act ever made... if you like cho, you definitely have to see that one, her first release. this second one is quite possibly the worst stand-up act ever made. the lady definitely goes to extremes...where to begin? the lighting is poor, she looks like she's had a few too many, her jokes are stale reruns, and she's just plain off. i don't know what happened here, but she obviously does not understand the concept of quality control...i made a special trip to atlanta to see this one, being a big fan, and this is one of the ticket purchases that finally made me resolve never again to buy movie tickets and just wait until things come out on dvd and i can rent them cheaply. because, most movies are crap!..two stars instead of one because of probably misguided and irrelevant residual gratitude left over from her first stand-up dvd
white palace.no subtitles at all; as i am over 77 years of age , subtitles.are a must for dv
awful acting.i found this dvd real cheap and bought it. i really tried hard to like the movie, but i just couldn't because the acting was incredibly bad, especially that of the bad guys causing havoc in the city. even the guys who don't have lines display bad performances. ..an hour into this movie you ask yourself why you torture yourself just to watch a bad sequal to a good movie. i broke this dvd and threw it out, something i've only done to 4-5 dvds i felt needed to disappear off the face of the earth
doesn't hold up to the first.the first predator was a classic. however, p2 falls short with its flimsy plot and cheesy acting. not one of glovers best, i give it 2 stars because i like the predator and the ending is fun to watch. the rest is crap
what the ??!?!?!.terrible!!! i can't believe tarantino is capable of such garbage. nothing happens!!! it's like 2.5 hrs long and nothing happens. is that even possible?  brutally boring. how does anyone rate this movie highly? maybe it's a movie where you have to be a book nerd who liked the transation to film? all i know is nothing happens! q: what is the plot? a. who knows. if someone asks me what this movie was about - i say 'it's about nothing'. and not in a good seinfeld way. sad really. i think tarantino tried to make a cool movie. but along the way he forgot that a movie needs to tell a story. this movie is like watching a slideshow - and who the hell needs that
vomit.i watched the first 15 minutes of movie. thanks quarantino, i bought this for 20 bucks, i won't recover my money if i want to sell it. i want my money back now. nobody will buy this vomit. all quarantino's movies suck..do me a favor quentin: change your profession to a cleaner or something like that... you may do it better..ps: the only star is because amazon doesn't give me other choice. i would give this movie "-5
am i looking for something not there?.as the other reviewers make clear, this is a disturbing film in that the college girl forced into prostitution ends up by developing feelings for the man who "ruined" her. so you may immediately assume that the director has a deeper comment to make beyond this trite observation...problem is, having just watched the movie, i am not convinced there is anything below the surface. prostitution is a fact of life in asian cities, the theme of women overcome by their desires and in thrall to strong men a common one, and i searched in vain for any subversion of or challenge to that fantasy (as fantasy it is)...is this any more than a homage to the inutility of futility? not that i can see
gobbledygook  self-righteousness  pretentious twaddle make for a terrible movie.there is a certain new-fangled school of screenwriting that thinks that if you put a bunch of characters on screen and have them make no sense of one another but sound as if theyre being profound, then they are. the prime example of this in recent years is the abominable "crash", but at least that was (somewhat) assuaged by strong performances. this -- arguably the worst "mainstream" motion picture of 2005 -- is redeemed by nothing. an excruciatingly long 2 hours, and as much as i (usually) enjoy george clooney, i might never forgive him for this drek
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.me and a female friend went and watched this one in the theater. i ... was ... bored ... out ... of ... my ... skull. after about a half hour my friend, who tends to be more "progressive" than i, actually suggested we leave. it was the first time either of us have ever left while the movie was playing. ever!..perhaps i'm biased. however i highly recommend that no one get this movie. the only reason i can think that anyone would give it a good rating is because of its political slant. i tend to lean to the right, but even i was entertained by v for vendetta, despite it being blatant liberal propaganda. if you are going to pontificate about how we conservatives are evil, at least make it interesting
not good....just rented this dvd and was quite surprised.  normally, i'm a big george clooney and matt damon fan.  however, in this film, their talents were underutilized and did not make up for the poor script, editing, and direction which made this film quite dull to watch...while the idea behind the movie is good, it could have been more entertaing, dramatic, or suspensful.  as another reviewer remarked, i was quite tempted to shut it off after 45 minutes and watch something else.  but, i did suffer through to the end, where the film just sort of ends and leaves viewers hanging..
syri-sucka....this film is boring, so much so that i could only take 35 minutes of it before i was forced to push stop. this is a soap opera about politics  oil companies. it's weird jump around style is confusing  pointless...do yourself a favor and don't bother w/ this garbage
what a bad movie!.i wouldn't recommend this movie, unless you have nothing else to do for the night and want to watch it alone. due to a high content of bad words, screaming and violence, it's kind of embarrassing watching it with someone else. some people really enjoyed it, and that's not me, and that's not the other two people i know who watched it. some violent parts are a bit hard to believe, but i guess that's what the story is about. this movie is a bit of a hollywood-style suspense, with rather cheesy college scenes that are common to comedies. ..there's one good idea in this movie and that's how life develops as it goes along, and one action or inaction changes how life plays out. but this is no where near original, even the simpsons had an episode like that. ..so, this movie is definitely not on my best movies list.
for die hard kutcher fans only..the movie starts off very slowly, with childhood episodes from ashton kutcher's character.  it's at least 1/2 an hour before we see the adult kutcher, although he does appear at the very beginning for a brief scene.  the premise is good, and it has some good momentum in the middle, which is why i gave it two stars.  the shifting situations of his life and the lives of his friends are interesting and well done, but the overall story line is very weak, and the ending is dreadful and not supported by most of the rest of the story.  also, the movie has too many tongue-in-cheek references to kutcher's real life circumstances -- such as the reference to "tighty-whities."  they distract from the story, and make the movie more of a vanity vehicle -- which is too bad -- if you are not a kutcher convert and are just looking for a movie, skip this one
not for die-hard fans!!.if you are a fan of the original empire records, don't buy the re-mixed fan version... it's a big dissappointment.  there are added scenes in the movie, and some of the best lines are changed.  example: when rex is leaving the store and says "why don't you all just fade away."  yeah, he doesn't say that in this version.  i was very dissappointed when i saw this, b/c die-hard empire fans don't want the best lines changed, so this really isn't a "fan re-mix" b/c it changes stuff the fans love!!!  definitely just buy the regular dvd or vhs version... it's much better as an original, not a re-mix!!!
boring.this movie was so boring and slow moving that we turned it off after 45 minutes. not recommended as it was too boring
good show, awful dvd.obviously, the music featured here is of high-quality.  hardly sign of the times transcendent, but nonetheless very exciting (as was typical of prince's 2002 tour).  unfortunately the director does his/her upmost to ruin everything for you with sub-bootleg grainy picture quality and warped sound, hamfisted camera angle switches, bizarre washed-out colors, some horribly cheesy effects and cuts.  for a band featuring nothing but incredibly dextrous musicians who play with an enormous level of detail and complexity, it's a shame the director clearly hasn't the faintest idea how to shoot a concert let alone one featuring musicians of this caliber.  hey prince, just so you know....your diy "npgmc" approach is only impressive if with it you can match what you'd been able to do had you still had the financial might of a major behind you.  if it looks this amateurish then you just look, well...amateurish.  and your talents are not worthy of anything even close to amateur-level presentation.  the bootleggers you despise so much put far greater care into the stuff they put out than you obviously could be bothered to do with this.   i mean really, you re-shot sign of the times in its entirety at paisley park after the rotterdam/antwerp footage was not up to par: i find it hard to believe that original footage was any worse than this..  .hardcore prince fans such as myself will want it despite this, but casual fans (especially those not familiar with the more obscure prince material that makes up most of this concert) should definitely avoid.
how to make a bad dvd of a good concert.aol music allows you to download the entire concert for free, which is far better than this dvd.  this is not a dvd of the las vegas concert; it is a dozen music videos, all of which were created from the concert footage.  the director has chopped-and-diced this concert beyond enjoyment.  the sound is not in true surround sound, and the mtv-style quick-cuts and wacky angles are so annoying as to make the video unwatchable.
faded glory.whatever prince had 15-20 years ago, it's gone. in his earlier work, everything seem to have a reason. in this "effort," virtually nothing did. yes, he did make a few signature prince "noises," but otherwise i wouldn't have known it was mr. purple at all. "lookit me. i'm prince. i can make prince noises, see?" yes, it could be partially that the dvd sound quality sucked; however, looking out over the audience, i saw far less inspired dancing than i saw at a devo concert in 1983. so it could be that the dvd sucked simply because the concert sucked. prince is supposed to inspire me. i should want to dance. or i should want to jam on the piano. but what did i do when the dvd was done? i went over to the computer and surfed onto the yahoo financial page. maybe find something interesting.. .my recommendation: get a copy of purple rain, watch it twice, and skip the aladin completely.
things i learned from watching this movie..i learned quite a few interesting things about life from this movie.  this movie seemed to have quite a lot of plot holes.  anyway, here is what i learnt about the world from this movie - ..1) the yakuza (they play the bad guys in this movie) have nothing better to do than race cars...2) if you are a car racer, you will never have to do jail time for any crimes you commit. ..3) if you cannot drive at top speed and make hairpin turns through a car park without crashing into something, you are a loser...4) only gorgeous girls and guys with perfect bodies can drift...5) everyone in the school is either rich, gorgeous or a gangster...6) it is perfectly okay to offer your car to a total stranger in a race - just to see what he's made of...7) even if you get in a race containing three cars and drive at top speed through a full city, and end up killing someone, then the police will do nothing about it...8) if you are beautiful and blonde, it is a good idea to offer yourself up as the prize for a race, so your boyfriend gets involved in a race with another guy and almost kills all three of you...9) it is an even better idea to scream at your boyfriend that he doesn't love you when he is neck-and-neck with another car, so that he rams into the other car on purpose...10) if you walk away from a fight, you are a loser.
you've got to be kidding me.while some movies require that you throw out your disbelief, i had a very hard time doing so with this movie.  this movie was just plain stupid.  they should have kept this film story in the states.  once everything moves over to tokyo, the film plummets into inauthenticity the likes of which i haven't seen in a long time.  i would have respected the film 1,000 times more had it ended when the main character goes to japan...so let's get this straight, japanese high school students act like american high school students?  lucas black's character is simply told to go to a japanese high school where he will simply pick up the language and make do?  everybody speaks english ? his father lives in a tiny apartment yet has a garage that's about double the size of his apartment?..i would have much preferred subtitles and a story that felt, looked and sounded more japanese.  japanese students are among some of the most polite students you will ever meet.  the japanese culture is steeped and immersed in being respectful, polite and dutiful.  real japanese high school students would be embarassed by the way their culture was represented here.  actually they probably wouldn't be embarassed, they would laugh at the film's poor attempt in showing true or even remotely true japanese culture.  japanese culture is not steeped in american hiphop and egocentric behavior and it's a pity so many americans will see this film and actually think that japanese students are just like american students.  there would be nothing further from the truth.  japanese students do not act, look or sound like what was filmed here.  not by a long shot...given my dislike of how the japanese culture was handled in this film, it left me finding the plot irrelevant.  the plot was ok but it would have been much better if they had either stuck to a more authentic representation of japanese culture or kept the story in the states.
not received.i was charged for this item but never received it. i corrected my address but never got it. my other 2 movies came, though
should be called "nothing here".it is quite possible for this film to wash over you and leave absolutely no trace of passing...there are about three or four lines in this effort which are funny however the tedium in-between does not make them worth the wait...part of the problem with this film was that i felt that i had seen it all before. which, of course, i had in four weddings. slightly pathetic, floppy-haired middle-class englishman falls for glamorous american who rejects him them gets back together with him and has a group of friends suffering from various disabilities...not since "intersection" have i spent a movie looking at my watch to see when it ended. i honestly don't know who was worse, julia roberts or hugh grant. they both became so grating on the nerves that i couldn't wait for the movie to end. the most enjoyable part of the film (aside from it being over) were the trailers they showed before it...not worth seeing or renting. save the money for something better... it shouldn't be that hard
predictable.......i am generally not into chick flicks and this movie is one of the big reasons why! the characters were so phony, the plot was tired and the ending was exactly what i expected. famous girl meets regular boy, they fall in love, the end. i don't even have to write a spoiler because every little girl (and grown woman) knows how a fairy tale ends...if this is your thing you will love this movie. on the positive side it's a very "pretty" movie with a beautiful setting etc, etc. once in a while a romantic comedy or chick flick will get me going, this was not once nor a while, unfortunately.
freeze drying.. fat frying.. chicken choking dvd. ok, it's not that bad, but buyer beware.i purchased this dvd as a gift recently and although i'm not exactly jt's number one fan, i enjoyed the performances: very professional, intimate... and his constipated popeye, white-boy-blues facial contortions are always good for a laugh. for those enamored of his work, this would seem to be a mandatory purchase. i'm writing this review, however, to alert potential buyers to the fact that there seems to be a problem with the disc. a previous reviewer has mentioned the synchronization problem; i noticed that a little bit, but honestly, it didn't seem too blatant (not nearly as bad as the dvd of "stop making sense", anyway). the problem with this disc seems to be the audio. i immediately noticed an odd clicking sound throughout the dvd (coming out of the left channel); it seems most obvious on the last 4 or 5 songs. at first i thought it was some sonic anomaly associated with playing in the barn or maybe the clanging of a background singer's jewelry, but on the very last track -- where james is playing solo in a different setting -- the noise is still present. i've talked with sony a couple of times about the problem, but as of yet have not gotten any confirmation that there is a problem or that it is being remedied. i'm curious if anyone else has noticed this glitch or if perhaps it is unique to the disc that i bought. at any rate, i just thought i'd give a heads up to those thinking of getting the dvd. from my perspective, the sync issue is not sufficent to avoid the disc, but the audio problem might be
what the hell is this movie about?.so ummm...is this about werewolves? native american shape shifters? or a pack of ordinary wolves on the loose in nyc?..damned if i know and damned if the director, screenwriter, cast and crew know either. wolfen is one of them there horror movies where the true face of terror are things that aren't really explained or make much sense...this can be an effective device in movies, go watch any david lynch movie to immerse yourself in a sense of mystery and enigma. in wolfen however, the effect is mostly that of people wandering around doing stuff and saying things and then there is some action at the end and then the movie is over. maybe they were going for some kind of kaffkaesque feeling of dread, but this came out a year after chaddyshack, so frankly i doubt it...albert finney joins the distinguished ranks of obviously foreign actors playing a big city american cop-he does ah-nuld proud! gregory hines plays a guy who jokes a lot, i'm not sure but he might have been a cop too. edward james olmos plays a native american construction worker who smiles a lot and knows more than he is saying, he would play a better version of this character a year later, in blade runner...i'm sure there are some people reading this who are enraged and consider me obtuse and unsophisticated for not picking up on the nuances of the directon and the script. at least, i certainly hope such people exist because maybe one or more of them could track me down and explain to me what the crap is going on here...i eagerly await your responses!..ps- in case you are wondering, no i haven't read the novel the movie is based on. i suppose i could but whitley strieber has said in inerviews that his horror novels are metaphors for his alien abduction experiences, so i most likely won't get help there..
turn off your brain and enjoy.despite my one-star rating, this is an acceptable time-killer: good-natured, forgettable and not real bright.  poor hilary swank - from that movie where she was a boy to this in a few short years.  of course, her fall wasn't as steep as cuba gooding's (from jerry maguire to boat trip in one movie) or jamie foxx's (from ray to stealth in one movie).  she looks like jolene blalock - t'pol from tv's star trek enterprise, and it wasn't until the credits that i realized it was actually swank and not blalock in the movie.  perhaps swank was trying to camouflage herself...the movie begins with a space shuttle landing in the la river, which is interesting, but has nothing at all to do with the rest of the movie.  next thing you know, the valiant pilot is recruited to some mission to drill to the center of the earth to restart the core, which got some spyware or something and stopped working.  as a result, the coliseum and the golden gate bridge get wiped out by lightning.  don't ask.  the feds then assemble a team to take a magic vehicle to the core, drop some nukes, and reboot the earth.  ..we learn some interesting things on the way, such as: molten rock is completely clear.  there are really unconvincing sets with big fake crystals deep inside the earth.  and, if you're a jerk, you'll get killed by rolling nuclear weapons and then repent.  ..you can guess how it ends.  it's not great art, but it's dumb fun on a rainy day
okay sci-fan (science fantasy).this movie is billed as sci-fi and i'm surprised the editorial review says it is more realistic than armageddon. what science? a fabric type suit that protects the wearer from 4000 degree temperatures and instantly pulverizing levels of pressure? i wonder how the suits were insulated to keep any inward wrinkle from doing the microwave effect on any part of the body it touched... amazing. for the characters to get out of the vehicle with a non-pressurized internal environment hundreds of miles below the surface of the earth, they would have to equalize for it and breathe a special air mix that is vastly helium to prevent too high an oxygen intake from causing oxygen toxicity. next they would have to decompress to enter the vehicle again and at that depth, may as well figure on at least a couple of months of deco. however, no one has been able to use such an air mix below about 2000 feet yet, sooooooooooo, scratch that. that would mean the vehicle has to be pressurized so they can get in and out without all that. too bad, won't work, still well beyond any depth they could breathe an air mix at. however, if they had taken this route in production, it would have been a great chipmunks save the world comedy listening to them talk. also, if it was pressurized, that wild ride to the top at the end would have likely caused the vehicle to explode unless it could do some really rapid depressurizing. but even if it didn't, i'd hate to be the one taking the chamber ride to deco from that trip, which would have to be done inside the vehicle because it'd be impossible to transfer them to any other chamber than the vehicle itself while keeping them under pressure. and keep in mind that the first cases of decompression sickness, in this case "the bends", were recorded in the 1800s and thought to be some kind of disease. those first cases were in miners and they were a lot shallower than several hundred miles. ..a metal that gains strength as pressure gets higher, but aptly named unobtainium? tell me how they made the craft with this metal when it can withstand the heat of the planetary core and applying pressure makes it tougher. the only way to form things is by applying some form of pressure. maybe if they form it with a hammer and only strike it once in a while they might catch it unawares and can bend it here and there?..armageddon is a scientific documentary next to this one. i read the reviews on it and saw where several shared the same gripes. some were legit, some only highlighted that the science in the movie was of a higher level than their scientific acumen. and none that i saw pointed out the landing gears not shattering. titanium or not, unless heated, they'd have splintered in such extremes of cold. but then again, being that the landing gear issue was never addressed in the movie, we don't know if they were heated or not...the core isn't an awful movie, but it also isn't very good. it's okay. it's better if you like science fantasy. it's just a bit disconcerting to see people say check your brain at the door before trying to rip a movie apart then make you wonder if they even just checked their brain. i'd suggest renting or borrowing from a friend before buying on this one
the producers were drunk when they made this movie.most off the scientific facts are wrong. the earth's center is as big as mars!!!!!! come on!!!!!! maybe as big as moon. under the earth's ground is liquid magma. its liquid because off the pressure, and its not possible to under it. the producers obviously forget about food supplies, and oxygen. the only smart thing on which producers remembered is that the atomic bomb is activated with usual bomb that needs air. i think that this is the only realistic thing
unnecessary repeat.who's idea was it to have victor garber as daddy warbucks? okay he is a good actor, but once they had shaved his head, did they not see how freakishly enormal it was? or the shine? the original annie was awesome, it was perfect, it didnt need a cheesy remake in the 90's.the new annie doesnt even fit the bill, no red curly hair, which wasnt the original movies idea, it was based on the cartoon. my niece saw this one first, and then the original, and she loves the original even though she saw it second, she said the new one isnt "as fun to watch" and i agree
vastly overrated.having seen some animes and enjoyed them, i was casting around for some good animes to purchase. stumbling across ninja scroll, i saw dozens of people declaring ns the best anime ever, an amazing anime, and a must-have. so i purchased it..this is far from the best anime ever. is there a plot? well, yes. but it's weak. mostly there are just random fight scenes. now, the fight scenes aren't bad, but there really needs to be more than fight scenes to make a good movie. and i don't understand why they decided to have blood spray from every wound as though someone had opened a fire hydrant...ninja scroll does have some cool parts, but it's mostly a weak plot full of mindless violence with some random sex thrown in. far from the best anime ever
supposely the greatest anime movie out there.i heard from the net from many people this was the best anime movie out there so i decided to see it...well this movie is old and i would probably say this movie was the best movie on it's time but not no more cause i thought of the story being lame but the movie was more focused on the action scenes which i may say they do i alright job when it comes to action scenes...but if you like a some great action scenes, sex, weak story then go and rent it and see if you might like it...2 stars is what i give it cause really not even average to what anime movies can reach at these days. cause i expect more in anime movies than hollywood movies. but if i were to rate this movie when it had came out probably a 4.0 out of 5.0 but these days story and characters are big parts in anime that should grip you and let you go when the movie ends...verdict: 2.1 out of 5.0  an alright movie to see in the weekends if you are bored but when you want to see something good look elsewhere
i worked on this dull "erotic vampire" film -- some "inside scoops"!.alyssa milano's mother (who is also her manager) has made a crusade of tracking down nudie pics of her daughter on the internet.  she's denounced such websites' "exploitation" on national tv, and has even developed a side business as a cybercop, lending her web-busting skills to other stars.  milano's mother/manager could have saved herself the trouble had she instead steered her daughter away from doing this film...embrace of the vampire is softcore horror porn, and the source for many of those milano skin pics.  after tv's who's the boss was canceled (but before charmed returned milano to star status) milano was just another unemployed former child actress, so maybe this porn film seemed like a good career move at the time. ..milano has stated in interviews that she wanted to demonstrate that she was not the goody-two-shoes girl she'd played in who's the boss.  in other words, she wanted to "grow" as an actress.  so she did embrace of the vampire, in which she goes topless in several scenes, engages in a lesbian romp with charlotte lewis, and participates in orgies with characters tonguing various parts of her nude body...mission accomplished...actually, embrace of the vampire uses milano's virginal image from who's the boss by casting her as ... a virgin.  a virgin whose boobs are straining against her too-tight blouse and who undresses before her boyfriend (albeit asking him not to look), but still, a virgin.  a virgin who dreams of orgies and fondles lesbians and doesn't know why...here's why: milano is the reincarnation of martin kemp's true love.  some 300 years ago, a pack of scantily clad vampresses turned kemp into a vampire during a blood orgy.  now that he's rediscovered milano, he has three nights to rekindle her love for him.  if so, they will live forever as vampires.  if not, he dies and loses her forever...why the sudden three-night deadline?  why not...the plot and motivations are paper thin, as is typical of porn.  milano wanders around campus, wondering why she's having so many sexual dreams, even daydreams.  her boyfriend wanders about, wondering if she's so pure.  kemp wanders about, seen by milano but often not by others.  lewis wanders about for some bisexual action.  other collegiates wander about their parties and campus back alleys for some hetero action.  amid all this wandering there's much carnal action, and more carnal dreaming.  occasionally, kemp kills someone for dissing milano.  john stanley (in his creature features movie guide) correctly refers to it as a "meandering, almost formless script."..kemp has the best lines.  like many vampires, he agonizes and suffers a hyper-romantic vampire angst over a lost love.  his appearance is a touch effeminate (too much eyeliner), but it lends an appropriate sinister element to his character.  he is part romantic vampire, part bloodthirsty beast.  lewis's small part is pointless to the "story."  all that's required is that she undress, and when she does, it was worth the wait.  rachel true (the craft) has an even smaller role, the fate of all the characters who keep their clothes on...all of the above three are more interesting, more charismatic, than milano or her boyfriend.  at film's end, kemp's tearful bloodthirsty angst, and milano's tearful rediscovery of her love, the "tragic" star-crossed ending, and the christian iconography, all mirror coppola's bram stoker's dracula (1992).  one senses that director goursaud was trying to rise above her porn material...however, this is no poor woman's bram stoker's dracula.  milano is no winona ryder and kemp is no gary oldman.  for that matter, none of the other talent on this film compare to their counterparts.  and the budget just isn't there.  the strength of low-budget horror is a gritty authenticity, which this film tries to hide rather than utilize...how low was the budget?  listen, i was an extra on both bram stoker's dracula and embrace of the vampire.  (in both instances, i kept my clothes on.)..i worked one day on embrace of the vampire.  don't look for me, i ended up on the cutting room floor, and extras are rarely mentioned in credits.  but let me tell you an "inside story" on the making of this film:..we were shooting in a nightclub on the sunset strip.  the extras were divided into three camps: union, nonunion, and modesto extras.  union extras earn the most, especially once overtime kicks in, so they were wrapped after eight hours (they were only hired in the first place to fill a union quota).  this was during my nonunion days (i'm in sag now), so i put in a full 14 hours, after which we were paid in cash and wrapped.  the modesto extras were still working when we left...now what, you may ask, is a modesto extra?  i also wondered, and so i asked one.  i was told they were from an acting class in modesto, california.  they had been bussed in to work on the film as part of a "class assignment."  in other words, they were paying to come to work...there's not a whole lot to learn about being an extra.  it's neither glamourous nor difficult.  and nonunion extra jobs for twentysomethings are very easy to come by.  the lampposts in los angeles are covered with flyers seeking cattle, ehr, extras.  i did it for the cash, and because if you do it often enough, you increase your chances of getting into the union (which i did, after some 13 grueling months)...never pay for the "chance" to be an extra, not in los angeles.  i made the mistake of volunteering to be an extra a few times, but wised up after a few months.  my guess is the producers of embrace of the vampire paid this acting teacher to bus down some cattle, and far less than even nonunion extras cost.  i know this teacher was getting paid by the students, and that they were not getting paid to be on the film...another inside story: someone stole a silver pin belonging to a crew member.  she was near tears because it had sentimental value.  never leave anything of value lying around on a set...and some trivia: john stanley says this film was "originally conceived as the nosferatu diaries," but on the set, we were told the working title was the collector...embrace of the vampire is a decent time-killer ... barely.  if you're looking for horror, there are hundreds of better films.  dozens of better vampire films.  even many superior erotic vampire films -- vampyres (british, 1975) comes to mind...but if you're looking for milano nudies, this is the film to see.
hahahaha ...  what a "deep" plot !.this movie is only good for those that "love" alyssa milano.  plot?  it isn't non-existent.  it does exist but it's a complete crap!  period.  just an excuse to show skin...regarding the dvd, it's a barebones one but picture and audio quality is as good as most new line cinema releases, anamorphic and stuff, plus it's the best release of the movie if we compare it with releases in other regions.  you won't be disappointed in that aspect
soft-core porn, shot at a boarding school in minnesota.i watched this movie, not because i am into ms. milano, or her breasts, but because it was shot (sadly) at my high school--shattuck-st. mary's school in faribault, mn. doesn't say much for the school, or for the faculty who had bit parts in it.
"flowers  trees" had a stronger plot line.silly and insipid, and as grand as the resurrected animation department at disney was from "little mermaid" thru "aladdin" and "lion king" and "beauty  the beast", crud like this only reminded one of the era od "the black cauldron".
please tell your children the history is different..i realize historical accuracy was not the intent of the filmmakers here, but as a history teacher, i feel the need to beg you to tell your children that this is not the way jamestown really went down. an unreal number of students enter high school believing that this film is a historical documentary, and the first step to teaching jamestown is to convince the students otherwise...perhaps good can come from this film, in that it can teach young people to be critical of secondary sources
not crockett johnson's "harold.".the loneliness, sparkling wit and beautiful simplicity of the original purple crayon books (and the quite loyally adapted gene deitch animated cartoons - still available from scholastic) are not to be found here, sacrificed to the treacly situations and inexplicable pastel colors of this confused, frustrating - and to this viewer at least - insulting "interpretation." it's as if harold were aesthetically reincarnated as one of those hard sugar figurines manufactured for quick decoration of grocery store birthday cakes. i bought this believing that the emmy bestowers would actually have some sense of taste when awarding their prizes, but in this case, i simply ended up tossing my set away. (i only am posting this as a warning to anyone who might be hoping to find some flavor of the original works in this adaptation; contemporary kids might like this on its own terms, which is "the way things are" -but this is not crockett johnson's "harold."
disservice to great director.this is a full screen, heavily cut version of the original quiemada movie by pontecorvo. would you read an edition of moby dick or the red and the balck missing 1/8 of its pages? a missed opportunity to watch this great movie as it was supposed to be watched
we all know this is a good movie, but.....avoid at all costs! i bought this for a little over $15 at another store and returned it within a week...horrible transfer (if it were alpha video i wouldn't care, but come on...this is a major dvd company we're talking about, sony!!!!!). aspect ratio isnt the theatrical format, but rather pan and scan cropped sides bulls#it. plus its missing like 20 minutes! i wouldn't recommend this for anyone. just the thought of this release makes me angry (to the point of inarticulate). avoid avoid avoid! and write a letter to your congressman (ha!)...or perhaps sony/mgm. this release is inexcusable
ditto -- full version or nothing.the full, restored version of this film, which i saw theatrically last year, is a brilliant piece of political filmmaking and very, very exciting -- one of the very few films pontecorvo directed, and probably the biggest in scope (the battle of algiers and the wide blue road are two others, and also worth seeing). the film deals with colonialism -- it could have been written by fanon, for how radical it is. it's also presented in italian, with brando's part dubbed (but not as badly as you would expect) into that language. if this version were released on dvd, i would buy it promptly. a truncated, dubbed, pan and scan version? what the hell do these people think dvd buffs are about, anyhow? mgm can go shove, until they get serious.
full version or nothing.i saw the full version in the usa in the theater under the title queimada within the last year, and it was fantastic.  that's the version i want, and region 1 customers should at least have that option.
walt must be twisting in his grave!.this movie is very bad, and i mean horrible. vin diesel cannot act! what the heck was he thinking?! walt disney must be twisting in his grave!! i will never see this film ever again. .the rest of the cast is disgusting, stupid, and terrible. they get dumber in every part of the movie, and a baby cries through a couple of parts of the film... and it gets very annoying. .if walt disney were alive, he'd yell at vin diesel, and all the actors in this movie. and the final thing, this is not "comedy" at all.
what was that about??!.okay, let's get one thing straight, the acting was pretty good. all the kids were cute and adorable and do a pretty darn good job on their parts. vin diesel is good and lovely to watch, and lauren graham is in the movie!  (think: lorelai gilmore).  though, lauren looked different for some reason, i couldn't quite place it; added pounds? new hair style?  i don't know... anyway onto the storyline, or lack there of.  ..to put it simply, it appears the object was to write a movie with vin diesel in it, in the style of kindergarten cop.  however, someone failed to hire a good writer, or director!  they rushed through the intro and cut through the blah-blah's (substance) of the story just so they could arrive at the part where they could "showcase" vin diesel in this role of a  tough guy caring for some adorable kids.  it's not convincing; so many scenes just happen they leave you feeling like you had whiplash...all in all, it's probably a great movie for kids about 8, 9, 10 years old.
child abuse!.this is absolutely sick- it's been recommended that children under one year of age not be subjected to any video at all, but this is intended to force creationism on babies barely old enough to think at all???  i shudder to think of what outcome this will have in a few years
terrible baby video.i cannot believe this is billed as a baby video.  the images have nothing to do with the music and give absolutely no learning or development value. i personally like the baby miracle series of videos that give a great baby sized bible message while being very interactive with my baby.
scary!.my twin two-year-olds were totally freaked out by the disembodied hand at the very beginning of this video. they cried for half an hour (even though we shut it off). i have never seen them react that way to anything ... and we watch a lot of videos (baby einstein, especially).
mediocre -- not the best or the worst.i bought this dvd for my 6 month old daughter sophie, after having purchased some of the baby einstein dvd's including baby mozart.  i wanted my daughter to know god and his word early on even if only in a small way at first.  she loves the baby mozart so naturally i thought they would be similar.  she watches the god made me for about ten minutes and then becomes bored and dissatisfied.  that really disappointed me because she will watch a baby einstein movie the whole way through which is about 30 minutes.  i also watched this movie myself and while the narrator would say "on the 1st day god made the heaven and the earth" then it would show a bunch of random images and pictures that had nothing at all to do with the fact that on the 1st day god made the heavens and the earth.  all in all i was not impressed at all and will not buy another baby faith dvd.  i am planning to test out the baby miracle and some other brands to see how they go over.  as for this one, i will sell it on ebay.  hope this helpe
the cell phone is the main character.the most interesting part of this action movie is the centrality of the cell phone. the movie is a nokia product placement, highlighting what awful danger you are in if you are not connected and, conversely, what a phone can do for you if you have one. the plot centers on jessica (kim basinger) who is abducted because the bad guys think she has something that they need. mystery #1: what is it? ..after lots of running/driving in various parts of l.a. the bad guys round up jessica's family, while on the other end a pretty guy turned superhero and a would-be day spa owner cop are trying to help them. mystery #2: how will the cell phone save the day?..mystery #3. watch for the credits at the end of the film. they show up on a...? yep, you got it
confusing, too many characters, difficult to follow story line.simply put: the movie is boring.  clich upon clich is confirmed and story lines never come together. it seems as if the director was unsure whether to make a movie or a documentary. the main plot is very thin (a cia agent is ordered to kill an oil prince, gets caught and then warns the prince (why?)) and therefore some elements were added to make the movie more interesting. so, a kid dies, which results in the "natural" response of the father: freely advising the person indirectly responsible for his son's death. the lawyer has a drunk "friend" and keeps him around, why, no one knows. some kids become suicide terrorists and blow up a ship...all in all, this is one of the worst movies i have seen in quite a while. i was neither entertained nor intellectually challenged. i neither laughed nor cried, i did not gain an understanding nor was i compelled to learn more or take up a cause. it meant nothing to me, which in my eyes is the worst one can say about a movie. ..save your money, save your time, choose another movie.
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.me and a female friend went and watched this one in the theater. i ... was ... bored ... out ... of ... my ... skull. after about a half hour my friend, who tends to be more "progressive" than i, actually suggested we leave. it was the first time either of us have ever left while the movie was playing. ever!..perhaps i'm biased. however i highly recommend that no one get this movie. the only reason i can think that anyone would give it a good rating is because of its political slant. i tend to lean to the right, but even i was entertained by v for vendetta, despite it being blatant liberal propaganda. if you are going to pontificate about how we conservatives are evil, at least make it interesting
syri-sucka....this film is boring, so much so that i could only take 35 minutes of it before i was forced to push stop. this is a soap opera about politics  oil companies. it's weird jump around style is confusing  pointless...do yourself a favor and don't bother w/ this garbage
great dvd.my three year old loves this dvd and has discovered the joys of goofy, but... why can you just set the dvd to play all? the mickey collection you can just set it and forget it. this collection you must keep selecting the next cartoon (it does not even default to the next cartoon). poor show disney
the big sleep.here we have what has to be one of the most mind bogglingly boring movies ever made! i couldn't believe what i was watching! moreover,i am aghast that this film garnered some acclaim and that some reviewers on these pages even saw fit to award this dreck with an unbelievable four and five star rating. what is going on? is it me or them that has totally lost the plot of what movies are supposed to be all about? am i naive to think that movies should first and foremost entertain? where oh where was the entertainment in this lame effort of a film with its unsteady shaky comera work,hamfisted confusing screenplay and the cloying performance of modern cinema's most tedious and overrated.sleep inducing actor ralph fiennes?.how i long for the good old days when we had great movies with great actors from great writers and great directors and which achieved what they set out to do - entertain.sadly with the emergence of such a travesty as "the constant gardener" it appears that we unfortunate "real" film lovers are in for a dismal viewing future.
monumental issues, but fails to convince.i have been a le carre fan until the end of the cold war. i somehow still managed to follow him later for some time. but now it is over, definitely. i disliked this novel, and the movie is obnoxious. rachel weisz is quite ridiculous in her part. which idiot nominated her for her oscar is beyond the point. zellweger got an oscar for an even more horrible performance recently, in the otherwise quite acceptable cold mountain. and even the otherwise great blanchett had to turn in an awful performance in the aviator to get one. (why can these nice girls not get one for one of their good movies?).my conclusion: this world is strange. it has no idea what is good and what not.
i give it one star only because ralph fiennes is in it.this movie has been terribly hyped-up, for reasons unbeknownst to me, perhaps politically, i presume, in the usual hollywood fashion.  it has got to be one of the most slow-moving, boring, uninteresting movies i have had the pain of having to waste my time on ~ while attempting to sit through it.  however, the one and only good thing about it is that ralph fiennes is in it ~ but that is all.  don't waste your money and time on this dud, as i'm sorry i did
the constant gardener.i'm starting to appreciate john lecarre novels more than i did when he was all over the bestseller list. this film version of one was acted well, but in 30 minutes there just wasn't anything to engage my interest. not its characters and not its plot. a good cause worth building a story around, but not this story. i quit watching, so i guess i could be wrong, but i doubt it.
terrible !.this film is a huge waste of celluloid. it is horribly disjointed and the acting is awful by everyone throughout. the sets are abysmal meaning it is all too obvious that this was shot on a soundstage somewhere, there is no ambience or atmosphere at all. there is nothing to lift the spirits or get you involved in the lives of the one dimensional characters, it just leaves you feeling hollow...the soundtrack is uninspired (with the possible exception of 'joy in repetition')..it's a stinker....pure and simple...i can't understand why any movie studio would agree to release such poor work.
one of the worst movies i have ever seen.i was a huge prince fan when this movie came out and i remember how excited i was about it! so i took my girlfriend to it and was embarrassed for prince and myself for dragging my girlfriend there. it was painfully unfunny, convoluted, poorly directed with terrible sets...ugh it's a terrible mess and doesn't deserve to be preserved
no, no, no!.this movie does not adress art in any way, shape, or form.  do not be fooled
wow, really awful.while the ending of this film is a surprise and a little interesting, it is in no way worth sitting through the rest of the movie.  truly stilted, awkward dialouge and some really unaturally bad acting makes this film painful to watch
not what it should (could) be.i rented this dvd because i thought it was a light romantic comedy and because i wanted to see gretchen mol.  well, one out of two ain't bad. one problem with this movie is that, despite claims to the contrary, it still comes off like a play, which is what it was originally. unfortunately, the playwright-director, neil labute, couldn't quite get this to work on the screen. the scenes lack life and perspective. there's also an absence of continuity, which might have been remedied with the use of, say, a musical score or better segues between acts. instead, there are too many pregnant silences that presumambly would have been filled with the responses from a live audience,  but, since it's not a live play in a theater,   remain- embarrassingly silent. in truth, the character of the production smacks of something david mamet might do, but it lacks that level of quality- which leads to my other objection: beginning lightly it turns dark and then darker, but not with subtle nuance. granted, there is a basis to make us curious, and the dialogue contains occasional witty lines. nonetheless, we're being misled as we also get mauled.  we discover, too late, that we've been given a moral lesson.  it's not that the message itself is disturbing- it's the bombast with which it is ultimately delivered. even less tolerable is the imbalance along the way- the tedious, laborious journey accompanied by too many annoying instances of rudeness (crudeness). buried amidst the rubble is a good performance by rudd, and another by an ill-utilized gretchen mol (reminder: i chose this to see more of her). weisz is also worth mentioning, but she's a bit too (read: very)intense. would her character have behaved this way in real life? perhaps- but the stark brashness does not seem necessary to make the point. i guess this could be considered interesting, but it's not worth the (uncomfortable) time you'll spend waiting for the ending. besides- i expected something light, remember
d.u.d..egads! this is an awful movie.  even by 80s standards it's possibly one of the worst, slow moving, jaw yapping so called horror films i have ever seen and i've seen some doozies...the movie is nothing but one long scene of inane boring dialogue after another with perhaps a split second of monster "scares" thrown in between.  an entire hour and fifteen minutes goes by before any kind of excitement happens and it's pretty mediocre when it does.  there isn't a single scare throughout, not a moment of suspense and subplots that go nowhere.  who cares that the photographer's girlfriend is pregnant, it had nothing to do with the story at all.  ..and the extended shower scene that shows up if you click on the c.h.u.d.'s glowing eyes during the menu is identical to the scene in the movie, the only difference is you get to see the ta that was cut out of the theatrical release...stay away, stay far far away from this awful movie or watch it on high speed fast forward like i did.  ..c.h.u.d is a d.u.d.
c.h.u.d.  (1984).director:  douglas cheek.cast:  john heard, daniel stern, christopher curry, kim greist, laure mattos, brenda currin, justin hall, michael o'hare, cordis heard..running time:  88 minutes.rated r for language, violence, and gore...one of the opening images in the supremely cliched "c.h.u.d"  (which stands for cannibalistic humanoid underground dwellers) is a full-on shot of a truck banner reading "slow moving vehicle." that's the most valid image in the whole film. under manhattan, mysterious creatures terrorize the homeless who live in the sewers, and begin striking those who walk the streets as well. when one disappearance involves a precinct captain's wife, the captain starts investigating the situation by asking around a neighborhood soup kitchen.  the captain, bosch, is played by christopher curry, a here-and-gone martin mull lookalike whose casual handling of his wife's disappearance would come off as absurd if we hadn't previously gotten a load of what she looks like. while curry is the main actor, two better-known names have key supporting roles, daniel stern as the grimy soup kitchen director (only the destitute would accept a meal from him) and john heard as a photographer.  heard's character has little to do with the story, and the way he's brought in is lazy and forced. he has some photos of streetpeople, and one homeless woman calls him for bail. he takes a photo of a gored leg that shows something sinister is going on, though all i saw was bad make-up. through most of the film, we see him blow off deadlines and interact unaffectionately with his live-in girlfriend, played by kim griest. heard here is smug and charmless, wasting away as "c.h.u.d." decomposes before the very eyes of the audience...sewer creatures rising up in the big city is not a bad concept, but not only does the film fail to do anything with it, the audience get a lot of inert moments where people trade clich-ridden dialogue and ridiculous characterization.  there's a stonewalling government official played by george martin who bulges his eyes and sneers at every question and gives us an obvious central villain since the budget is too cheap to show us much of the monsters. the creatures are meant to horrify but merely look like inept halloween window displays, while the unbearable synthesized score sounds like a seven-year-old toying with a department-store display organ.  the whole movie is like that, jumping from effect to effect, hitting us with little shock moments here and there, not tying anything in. this is not scary, just annoying. "c.h.u.d" gets mentioned as an askew satire, but just isn't in the same class as "tremors" or "return of the living dead," let alone an "evil dead film".  to recite another clich: you have been warned.
could have been much better..i was really disappointed with the dvd. i have every biography dvd from wwe. this was the only one that was not very good. instead of talking about expansion period or go into detail about the monday night wars. he basically just says how great he is. i just went to a show in mn and felt the same way disappointed. there are much better dvd's to spend your money on
one star is too much.very disappointing.  little is said of the expansion era, which could of been great considering wwe ownes most wrestling footage that exists
big fat zero."cube zero" mearly satisfied my curiousity about what existed outside the cube but still leaves a lot of questions unanswered.  perhaps "cube 4" will  answer these questions...someday. try renting it first
bad. but good..cube zero (ernie barbarash, 2004)..note: this review contains a really, really major spoiler. if you're planning on watching the movie, be warned...cube zero is a movie so unspeakably horrible, so ineffably awful, so utterly insincere to the mythology around which it is based that it breaks through the ceiling of the thoroughly awful and may even come to inhabit that special place that one holds dear in one's heart for films so bad you can't help but feel affection for them-- night of the lepus, for example, or gymkata. ..while it's impossible to believe that a movie this inept could have possibly come from anyone even remotely involved with the cube franchise, it's true: writer/director ernie barbarash wrote and produced cube 2: hypercube. this is his first (and, if there is any justice in the world, it will be his last) directorial effort, and he comes off as the jamaican bobsled team of directors; he may perform something else behind the scenes of a movie reasonably well, but the man should never be allowed near a directors' chair again. ever. to expand on his own talent, barbarash recruited a production team so skilled that he might have had to dole out minimum wage (for the rest of us, not hollywood) to the whole lot of them. but maybe they all took one paycheck and just split it. for with the exception of makeup wiz scott hamilton (i, robot), unless barbarash's utter lack of talent simply eclipsed anything else, no one on this crew is worth a thing. "shoddy" doesn't even begin to describe it. the set design was conceived by a rabid wombat (who, i might add, had obviously never seen either of the first two films), the dialogue was written by a drunk sloth, and the costumes were rented from the local dry cleaner, who i'm sure promised they could have them for free as long as they were back by nine the next morning...the worst travesty, however, is in the casting. (i warned you about a spoiler. i will do so again. if you haven't seen the movie, and you plan to, skip the rest of this paragraph.) the box lets you know it's a prequel. what they don't tell you is that in order to preserve the suspense-- or, more likely, simply because some asinine copywriter forgot to do any fact-checking-- they changed some names around. why i prefer the second interpretation in the last sentence to the first: when they recreate a key scene from the first movie, the actors portraying the characters in the first movie not only don't look like their first-movie counterparts, they couldn't possibly be more different. while that may have been intentional, it comes off ludicrous at best. the production team were either insulting our intelligence as viewers, or trumpeting their own stupidity ot the high heavens. more probably, they were doing both. ..so given all that, what could i have possibly liked about the movie?, you may be asking. and you'd be right. first, the dialogue and situations are so insipid they often inspire unintentional hilarity. the "exit procedures" scene is one of the funniest i've seen in a movie in quite a while. it's always fun playing "spot the inconsistency" in a film based around a popular mythology. and as woefully miscast as they are, queer as folk's stephanie moore and dog park's zachary bennett have a kind of earnestness about them in the lead roles here that hearken back to ray milland and sam elliott squaring off in frogs. ..cube zero is a stupid, stupid film, but if such a thing is possible, it's stupid in a good way. while the original cube quite rightly became a bona fide underground smash hit, this one has a chance to become this generation's reefer madness or red asphalt. yes, folks, it's that bad. *
mistitled, but a good movie.this movie added a world war, changed the continent the story took place on, and then brought the dead back to life. to me, once the essential elements of the author's story are that fundamentally altered, it's not fair to use the title anymore. i realize a number of the changes are a 'tribute' to the shirley temple version, but i'd hoped that since the new version wasn't a star vehicle they might have returned to more of the original storyline, but no. at least the first movie was on the correct continent! i like the movie, believe it or not, but it's not the story i read until the first book fell apart, and the changes to the story i listed weren't necessary, and it may have been nice to see that things can work out even when a parent stays dead
for it to be j-horror it has to have horror in it not be horrible!.if anyone wants to check out asian horror films because of the popularity of "the grudge" ("ju-on" is much better) or "ringu" (the us version "the ring" is better), i hope to heck they don't rent or buy this. it's as bad as a couple of others have said. these are silly ghost stories ones parents must have told their kids long ago. you will never be scared, which is why i don't consider it j-horror. even as silly ghost stories this anthology is terrible. the make-up is pathetic and i guess what passes for special effects are laughable, as is the acting. if you really want to get into asian horror (because korea and now china are making some good films). i suggest "a tale of two sisters" or "whispering corridors" to start with because they are more than just horror, they are good movies with great stories
it's not worth buying.this is just one of those dvd's you wouldn't mind renting for family night with the kids. it's not scary or entertaining except for maybe (emphasis on maybe) she bear. the reason this may be considered funny is because it's so lame. like one of those b-movies that is so badly done that you can't help but laugh
it was good during the first half but then became incredibly dull..this was a very annoying and boring flick thats barely watchable and throughout the film i kept looking at my watch, the film is not a historical drama nor is it an autobiographical film about william shakespreare infact it is a romantic comedy disguised as a historical drama. my girlfriend insisted that we watch this film together but i wasn't in the mood she forced me to watch this, the film was about a struggling young writer shakespeare played by joseph fiennes who falls in love with lady viola played by gwyneth paltro who also happens to inspire his famous play romeo and juliet, this film also won a couple of oscars including gwyny for best actress but i felt like the film was just not that funny because all the characters seemed to talk in an old english style thats hard to understand. overall the film was just o.k. i think that some of the sets and costumes were fantastic and judi dench was great as queen elizabeth but i never want to watch this film again, if your a shakspeare fan and like romantic comedies then you might like this film more than i did.
very poor quality dvd.love the movie, but the quality of the dvd put out by alpha video was so bad it was very difficult to watch. the sound was scratchy and muffled and the picture looked as if the brightness was turned all the way up. if you don't want to be disappointed and feel like you've been ripped off, wait for the remastered cut before you buy this one
wonderful film but poor dvd quality.i bought the dvd with this artwork out of a dollar bin and i got what i paid for. the image is fuzzy and the audio is of poor quality. this must have been taken from a 16mm print. it may be that this film is in public domain, so it may be difficult to find a decent quality dvd. there are many issues of this film so you would do better to try one of the other dvd issues. note: amazon seems to spread these reviews across dvds of the same title, so you may see this review under multiple dvd releases of "meet john doe".  the poor quality dvd that i bought has a cover that looked like this: [...
weak.this movie was a weak effort by capra, who directed it, and the star, gary cooper. it's a good story, just poorly directed (capra can't hit a home run every time). i found the acting very wooden and the movie seemed to just drag on and on. and no extra features on the dvd, at least none to speak of
defective merchandise.i received the dvd and it skips, i was very dissatisfied.  i would have returned it , but since i have never had a problem before, i had thrown the receipt away.  patrice trace
the usual suspects.opened the sealed dvd case and get shorty was inside and not the usual suspects.   i sent it back requesting a replacement and did not get a replacement.  i got a credit, i think.  not sure.  i would rather just have the correct movie
misleading advertising.warner bros is putting out a series of "signature collections".  they are nothing of the sort.  they are studio collections. the word signature implies the best of the best. a signature collection of hitch's work would not include several of these titles. the rarely seen foreign correspondent and i confess. the failed comedy mr.  mrs. smith. the experimental dial m for murder and the wrong man.  the middling stage fright. only strangers on a train and north by northwest are signature hitchcock.  where are psycho,  vertigo, the birds, rear window, notorious, shadow of a doubt, rebecca, the 39 steps, the lady vanishes and, purhaps even, the lodger?  a signature collection would include all or most of these titles with north by northwest and strangers on a train.  of course this would oblidge the different studios to cooperate with each other. god forbid. warner bros is developing a reputation for shortchanging and lying to its customers.  you're much better off buying your favorite hitchcock titles individually new or used
what in the hell happened to wolfgang petersen.i used to think he was great, till i caught the director's cut of 'das boot.'  all of a sudden you're confronted with this ridiculous synthesizer music that wasn't in the original, and the spell is broken.  let's not even talk about 'air force one.'  now i've seen 'the perfect storm' twice, and i own the book, but i still haven't read it because i'm reasonably sure the book must suck if the movie is this bad.  and i'm sorry new england, but what are gloucestermen anyways, except for great rapers of the high seas?  what will they not do for a buck, you might ask.  ok, they are not as bad as the japanese, but they all stalk the world on floating slaughterhouses like there's no tomorrow.  watching this movie definitely made me take fish off the menu.  sure you will find excitement aplenty, amped up to eleven.  even experience fleeting moments when you might ponder the plight of seafarers throughout history.  i even like some of the principal actors, but in the end all they do is make a pretty bad movie slightly more interesting than it should be.  this just doesn't stand up to repeat viewings.  unless you enjoy feeling like a sucker.  do you
well acted but hardly a classic.i found the other reviews very interesting.  yes, the movie is very well acted, which is the only reason i gave it 2 stars but frankly the abuse was so horrific i found the movie barely watchable.  ..i admit that when watching a movie i look for something to entertain  escape into.  if i want reality, i'll watch cnn.  for that reason, while i know child abuse exists  think it needs to be acknowledged to end it, i don't really want to watch someone hurt children ( animals).  maybe part of the reason i had such a problem with this movie was the fact that everyone talks about what a great children's movie this is.  it's only appropriate if your idea of a children's movie is "friday the 13th".  the violence is way too intense to let children watch
film sucked.did not like this film at all and felt it was a big dissappointment.
very disappointed.i had high hopes for this dvd as i'm looking for good insightful information re 9/11, especially in relation to the collapse of building 7. i'm sorry to say i was very disappointed and really learned little from it. it is like a home movie in real time. could be edited to a fraction of its length and not loose much. yes, devastation was shown but that alone is not sufficient to make it worthwhile. of course steve spak did not know wtc7 was going to collapse but one reviewer referred to the fires in it, as though there was significant information in the dvd about them. there is not. no hard feelings but i wasted my money
to the back of my shelf.denise is too perky, too chirpy and she fails to give guidance with her moves.  if you haven't been working out for very long, or if you have never had good instruction, it would be easy to injure yourself with all the flailing around denise does.  i'll stick with kathy smith or karen voight or lisa hart
i'm sorry, but........i have denise austin's "shrink your female fat zones" dvd and i love love it, so i decided to pick this one up. i am so sorry that i did. i work out with my friend and we could barely get through 10 minutes - the moves are ridiculous and, although it did get our heart rates up, it's mostly because we were laughing hysterically at the moves. honestly, they just made us feel ridiculous. i recommend getting the other dvd.
not for cardio workout.....i have worked out to denise austin for several years because i think she gives a good workout but i cannot stand her way-too-perky personality. i was very disappointed in this dance workout. the setting is fun and colorful and the music is great, but as far as a workout...this dvd really stinks. i found some of the steps somewhat confusing (but i am not very coordinated). this workout was more of an "indoor walk" style workout (like walk away the pounds w/ leslie sansone, etc.). if you are looking for a fun way to get up and move, this may be for you. but, this is not for anyone looking for a cardio intense workout
painfully bad.a thin soup of potty humor, fart jokes, and juvenile cheap laughs. you know something is terribly wrong when you are halfway through a comedy and you haven't even cracked a smile...good gawd, dustin hoffman sitting on the toilet? .robert deniro breastfeading a baby?.foreskin dropped into a fondue pot?..wow, a movie that hurt to watch...it wasn't even worth renting for free from the public library.
fock you!.this movie was awesome!  ben stiller is a comic genius, he's the new jerry lewis!  deniro, awesome!  hoffman, awesome!  streisand, awesome and still very sexy for an old liberal ho!  i thought the sight gags were priceless, and the plot line serene!  this was hollywood movie watching heaven!  this film should have won some academy awards!  i mean if marisa torme can win for my cousin vinnie, these a-1 actors should've at least been nominated!  this is a highly entertaining film, and i recommend it to every and anyone to see, but wear your depends, because you might pee yourself from laughing so hard!  dubya 99, you don't know what in the friggin' h e l l you're talking about!  yeah like we're suppose to take the opinion of an anti-social loser, that complains about going out to the movies?  stay home, i'm sure dateline nbc will be calling soon about that episode they had recently
not what i expected.i am sure some people would find this dvd useful, but it wasn't at all what i expected.  this may be attributed to my not being familiar with yoga, and have nothing to do with this particular dvd, but i wasn't even able to watch the entire thing
where the hell is david gilmour?.he makes a brief appearance at the beginning, then totally disappears. probably couldn't stand another minute of breathing the same air as that ego-maniac (the star of this spectacle), roger w. if there has ever been anyone in rock and roll more self-inflated than that guy, tell me who that might be? the film is one crazy ego trip gone amok with singers singing to a wall, and the audience can't even see them at times. i love van the man, but on "comfortably numb?" that waters guy thinks is unbelievable.if it weren't for david gilmour, i'd sell all my pink floyd cd's. as it is, i'll just sell "the wall.
a no-talent director  no-talent stars make a mockery of johnny cash.i had given this a second star, but then i thought to myself: why? this movie is abominable. its not just the amateurish performance by joaquin phoenix as johnny cash -- i never thought anyone could sing flatter than the real cash -- or the squeaking by reese witherspoon as june carter. its the whole damned show! how often have you ever seen a musical when the songs actually stopped the action (i can only think of richard attenboroughs dreadful interpretation of "a chorus line")? but the real villain here is james mangold, the director who previously gave us that alltime classic "girl interrupted". its bad enough that hacks are given millions of dollars to make movies, but i urge you to listen to this guys commentary on the dvd; he is a pretentious jerk who honestly believes he has made a significant work of art. at least the hacks in old hollywood knew they were hacks and were willing to work within their weaknesses, thus often turning out fine professional work. this guy mangold is a moron -- the technique of a buffoon and the limited talent of an ed wood (without the freak show imagination). i cut this down from 2 stars to 1 because i resent that i gave up a few hours of my life to watch this stupid unprofessional ugly movie!
poor release of movie.i found this movie very poor and totally a waste of my time.  it's plot needs to be rewritten and it does not contain a deeper meaning.  the ending was very disapointing and without proper conclusion. denzel washington did a great job playing the detective and john goodman is a very good actor yet the other charaters did not do thier job and was poorly acted. my recommendation is to stay away from this movie and save your money. buy somthing that has a good plot. d- is my ratin
one of the worst moderately high budget movies ever.i am not in the habit of giving bad reviews, but this one deserves it. watching the movie made me wonder if roger moore was going to actually say "i'm only doing this for the money"...there are better action movies, better thrillers, and better political commentaries...catch this some late night on an obscure cable channel, save your money
defective merchandise.i received the dvd and it skips, i was very dissatisfied.  i would have returned it , but since i have never had a problem before, i had thrown the receipt away.  patrice trace
the usual suspects.opened the sealed dvd case and get shorty was inside and not the usual suspects.   i sent it back requesting a replacement and did not get a replacement.  i got a credit, i think.  not sure.  i would rather just have the correct movie
compare the bbc version to the 1993 movie version.the 1993 movie version of the secret garden captures the magic of the inspiring story for both children and adults, while the bbc television version does not.  it's plodding style, avalanche of dialogue, and low production standards let the inherent magic escape. no matter how hard they try, multiple repetitions of the word "magic" do not make the tv show magical. ..some portions of the tv dialogue are lost in thick yorkshire accents and unintelligible dialect, interesting only to language scholars. at the other extreme are too many wordy explanations of what we just saw happen and plainly heard spoken.  just because a television script corresponds closely to a beloved book does not necessarily mean that it makes good television, or that it captures the spirit of the book. ..children are capable of understanding that something special or wonderful is happening simply by watching the event take place. the 1993 movie clearly knows this and wisely lets a picture speak a thousand words...the movie version communicates a vibrant love of life. you get to know the unique, even eccentric, characters as though they were real people struggling with hardships and fears. without contrived manipulations, you are drawn into the depths and heights of their emotions through the use of stunning visuals, dramatic portrayals, pithy dialogue, moments of quiet contemplation, and a serene musical soundtrack that is worth owning on its own merits. ..in the tv episodes, on the other hand, a lot of effort is expended but no real drama is achieved. for example, during what could be quiet, thoughtful moments of solitude, the mood is often spoiled with a voice-over or with the use of grainy film for outdoor scenes - a distracting contrast to the clear videotape used in indoor sets. i've never been made so aware of production methods and camera angles. i'd rather just sit back and enjoy. ..the bbc actors are good and appear capable of much better performances, but the director was content with their shallow characterizations and a few instances of mumbling, garbling, and stumbling over their lines. at several points i expected to hear the director yell, "cut. try it again." unfortunately, it's not up to normally high bbc standards...it's nice to have a better choice
this movie is not good.i watched this movie and it sucked,very slow.it might be a renter not a owner
the 2 stars are for pam's body.this movie is very bad.  if not for a very young, often nude pam anderson, it would be a total waste of time
no more please.i thought they were going to just call it quits on wild things 2, but they really had to make a thrid one!!!  i was just curious so i rented it one night and i thought the acting was just bad enough.  i fell asleep though this one just like wild things 2.  don't waist your time
bad movie, good softcore porn.the first wild things had pretty good actors and an original story line. the second one was tolerable and still had hot chicks in it with a tich of an original storyline. though it was far to close to the original storyline. quite honestly the third one follows the exact same plot as the second one and i mean scene by scene close. rich girl, step father, school auditorium scene, courtrooms, threesome. the only thing that made this movie worth anytime was the threesome. perfect bodies on the girls that star in this film. quite honestly i have no idea how they got anyone to agree to this project. it was horrible, it's amazing how many good shows get canceled but movies like this get made
not so wild: yet another story that we have been told 7 years ago.so they still keep doing this, i mean, `two-sequel policy.' get one surprise hit, and make two sequels, whether or not you need them. they did it to `cube'; they did it to `mimic': to `species' 'cruel intentions' or so many countless examples. of course, not all of them are bad (wes craven and his `scream' trilogy for instance), but as far as `wild things' goes, we don't need any more. but here it is, another sequel `wild things: diamonds in the rough' which is slightly better than the previous sequel, but still unnecessary.  ..you know, the formula is now very familiar. imagine one rich, spoiled high school girl marie living in blue bay. and now, marie has a step-father, who just got two diamonds worth $4 millions. next, another girl elena, bad girl who, as you know, cannot get on well with marie at school or party. and one day elena has the police arrest marie's step-father for raping. but you know better, much better, if you have seen the original `wild things.'..in spite of the slightly changed situations about the probation officer (dina meyer) and the local cop, the basic pattern remains the same. they investigate the case, and they find something crucial within 5 minutes, which leads us to another finding. to be fair, the ending is a surprise, if not a big one, and everything ends neatly. too neatly i'm afraid, however, and you might say looking at it `so what?'   ..i know nothing about sarah laine (as marie) and sandra mccoy (elena), but i think their acting is just ok. i read on imdb that one of them refused to do nudity, and i think it's a wise choice. she knew (and we know) that the only way to revamp the series is to include more nudity, which this new sequel has (but not much). but you know, it also is the last resort for someone to cash in on the hit movie made 7 years ago, and as this fact shows, the series of 'wild things' should be over by now...thanks to the good job done by the shooting crew, the film captures the hot air of florida, and though the story has lost the punch of the first one, it is reasonably entertaining. at least the film doesn't stop because once it does, it will fall into pieces. ..strange thing is, only those who have seen the original would be likely to be interested in this second sequel called, of which story, especially the first half of it, is virtually the retread of 1998 john mc naughton thriller. one of the (guilty) pleasure of the first one is, to me, watching neve campbell and denise richards, both of whom surely surprised us more than one way with their impossible characters and the over-the-top acting. but in this sequel, you don't see them, not even dillion, bacon, and murrey. good as she is, dina meyer cannot beat the cast nor provide the delightfully tongue-in-cheek mood of the original alone.
please, no more.the original wild things; you know, the one that was a bona-fide guilty pleasure/lurid trashy thriller, has now spawned not one, but two direct to video sequels.  wild things 2 was a waste, and wild things 3 is no different.  the story, if you want to call it that, is practically a carbon copy of the previous films where two sexy girls are in the center of twists and turns with loads of cash and murder in the mix.  there's twists aplenty here, all of which are pretty much non-sensical, and they're actually pretty predictable.  mortal kombat's linden ashby, who was in wild things 2, returns as a clueless detective, and starship troopers' dina meyer is here as well, for no apparent reason.  the girls are hot, and the steamy scenes between them are better and hotter than in wild things 2, but nothing can save this from being another needless and pointless direct to video sequel.  stick with the original wild things; it wasn't a masterpiece, but it was a fun trash-noir thriller that was actually memorable
from wild... to mild... and now to bile!.there are just some trilogy's that should not be made - and the wild things trilogy is one of them. this is not really a trilogy per se, since each of the films carries with it the same story, with the same twists. if you have seen the first, you have basically seen each of the sequels... except the sequels are both much worse. take out the big name actors and make a direct-to-dvd release... and you have wild things: diamonds in the rough...i am sure you all know the story by now, but here is a brief synopsis... "things get steamy in blue bay, florida, when marie, a 17-year-old beauty, gets caught in a tangle of deceit and double-crossing after meeting the promiscuous elena, the new girl at school. will they get away with the perfect crime or is someone else behind this scheme?..if you have seen one of the wild things films, you have seen them all. this film lacks the quality of the original - mainly because we already know the twists and turns to come. this disc does look great, and sounds pretty good, but the film takes away from the overall dvd presentation. if you want your wild things fix, the original version is the one to watch
incredibly stupid.the incredibles is a totally stupid animated film.  the story is stupid, the voiceover stupid, the whole thing stupid
cynical dark comedy: fall's way short of the mark!.i really like dark-comedy. i actually prefer it to regular comedy. however, one of the most important things that i look for is laughter. a film can be very dark, and make you laugh too. and while this film could have been good, the gratuitous violence takes precedence over a good plot,  and the film itself is lost in the "let's see if we can shock everybody!" attitude of director peter berg. what a shame too; afterall, the film had a very talented cast. i have seen many dark-comedies, many that are violent. yet they all had a common denominator: violence for a reason, not violence for the sake of violence...this film felt more like watching a train wreck. the longer you watched it, the bigger the wreck got. one [many] of the reviewers wrote that people just don't understand what dark-comedy is. i do! and this isn't dark-comedy. however, i understand that comedy is a personal thing. what may appeal to me, may not appeal to others. some will enjoy this film, and that's fine. i know that i have my share of comedies that many would consider pretty bad. and that is why i don't mark people with negative hit's. i always felt that a review should enlighten a person. and if it does, the better for it...therefore, although i disagree with many of the reviews here on the merits of the film, some have put forth some valid reasons why they enjoyed the film. but the film was not that good to me. i have the film in my collection. it was given to me by a relative for a present a few years back. i would not say go out and buy this film, instead, i recommend the film with extreme caution. you must judge it for yourself. one warning however, it is not for children. [most dark-comedies are not anyway]. so, while i don't think this is a good film, and definetly not a good dark-comedy, you must judge the film yourself. rent it first. you may or  may not like it. it just didn't appeal to me
i know it is a very bad movie.before clicking the link on this page for this film i knew that someone would say very bad movie, or very bad film, it is awful, but me and my friend use to laugh when we'd mention the title of this film and at the end when he's spinning around in a wheelchair. how can some of the best actors be in such a film, great cast, bad script, bad movie, it's stupid, and very violent, there are parts that are funny though like when daniel stern says "have you done this before"? when he knew what to do with the body. yes it is awful, it really is. the darkest "comedy" ever, they went way too far. it's almost as sick as the movie freeway another movie with great actors in such a terrible film. atrocious films.
dark comedy still needs to have comedy.i love a dark comedy more than the next person, and laugh at things that i probably really shouldn't.  so i thought this movie, hyped as a very dark comedy, would be right up my alley.  sadly, apart from a few moments here and there, "very bad things" simply fails as a comedy.  and it fails as a drama, because every single character is unlikeable and unsympathetic.  that's too bad, because the actors are fantastic and do their best with the material given to them.  i fault the script, which has problems at best, and the direction and editing, which give the movie a strangely languid character at inopportune times.  you could do worse, but this is strictly a rental at best.
one of the sickest movies ever.i wish i could give this movie zero stars. it's really amazing how someone can inject raw gore, violence, and sick humour into a movie, and try to pass it off as slick comedy, drama, and deep philosophy. this movie is a great example of how a director can actually make a deliberate and hard working effort to produce a despicable movie..the sheer perversity in this movie that is dressed up as comedy and paraded as some kind of dark humour is beyond criticism. do yourself a favour and please don't ever watch this movie if it comes on air. it's not even worth watching for morbid fascination. i terribly resent the fact that i gave up an hour and a half of my life watching it out of sheer curiosity. but then, i may actually be glad that i did. at least it taught me how an exercise in atrocious film making can be
very bad movie.....my title is pretty obvious, but this film is garbage.  i love dark cinema, but i just hated this tripe.  it has an overriding smugness and self satisfaction (very typical of the 1990s') that overtakes any comedic elements in it.  the hysterical performances (especially daniel stern) end up being unintentionally hilarious, because they are so ridiculously over the top, and i don't think that was the point.  it was like peter berg went out to make a really vile, disgusting film, without any taste, substance, class, or intelligence.  berg did an interview where he said "yeah, throw things at the screen.  i know it's horrible."  it reminds me of when jerry springer used to say "i know my show is trash", thinking that excuses him for making it.  it doesn't.  trash is trash, even if you know you're making it.  you can have the most heinous subject matter in the world, but if there is intelligence and sincerity behind it, it can work brilliantly as a comedy (dr. strangelove is the greatest example of this).  the belgian film man bites dog is more similar in tone to this film, and that film is hilarious, because there's intelligence and real wit behind it.  this is just an attempt at cheap shock value.  it's not funny, and is definitely not worth your time.
living in a brain-splattered bloody living room from the shotgun blast to my mouth...i firmly state that this touches the highest level of cinematic genius; right next to too wong foo, thanks for everything julie newmar...
oh mylanta.this was not what i expected, i love "food" movies like "eat drink man woman", "tortilla soup", "like water for chocolate",this movie was just a long boring trek through bad accents and poorly lit italian food, i realize that the food was supposed to be showcased here, but it didnt wet my appetite a bit, a can of chef boyardee looks more appetizing. i was glad the restaurant tanked, that louis prima didnt show up. the "big night" turned out to be a tiny blip of a movie
rent don't buy.i attempted to watch this film a few different times. i could just never quite get to the end. it's not because it's a particularly bad movie in fact it's just a modern day version of james bond... its just that it never really excited me. the one redeeming factor is the car - it really becomes a character of its own
extreme junk.i realize what this movie was trying to do. it was trying to be a james bond kind of film for the x or extreme generation that is into adrenaline pumping sports that usually cause them pain from trauma to the testicle region or have highlights that make you go, "holy cow! that had to hurt!" over and over. but the thing that they screwed up was making the extreme stuff look to unrealistic and stupid. i liked vin diesels character of xander cage and i think he has a distinct cool look, charisma and voice that gets him over. his love interest who i will refer to as 'heroin chic' because of her big dark circles under her eyes is kind of hot but also kind of looks like she might need some methadone and a few months in a detox. i also liked the style and wardrobe that was used when they were in russian including xanders big furry coat and the villians apparel. and to the heels or villian? i liked them all. they were all big hairy eastern european badasses and i thought xxx was a interesting contrast to them. ..but i must say, this movie pretty much sucked. i have watched it since the first time and like it a bit more than the first time because i am seeing it now for what it really is which is just action shlock. it isn't meant to be taken serious and if you watch it just sit back, make fun of the stupid stuff and enjoy the good and bad. and check out racoon eyes at the end in her bikini and her large tattoo around the nether regions. still can't say if i am attracted to her or not. its possible that i just want to give her a hot bowl of soup and a couple of sliced cucumbers to put on those dark circles under her eyes.
not even rammstein could save this movie.the first 3 minutes is all you that you need to see. it shows a spy being chased into a rammstein concert where it shows them playing the song feur frei! after that the movie just sucks, it has a bad plot and bad acting
i secede."philosophers often behave like little children who scribble some marks on a piece of paper at random and then ask the grown-up, 'what's that?'".- ludwig wittgenstein..imagine spending an hour and a half with a teenage version of the sphynx from "mystery men," but without mr. furious as a foil. instead, there's the somewhat compassionate, somewhat opportunistic pearl madison, played by don cheadle. sometimes i wasn't sure if cheadle was doing a really good job playing someone who is conflicted, or if his regret for signing up for this film was bleeding through on screen...the film is similar to "mystery men" in a way, though; the filmmakers assembled a talented production crew, and a cast of some of my favorite actors (including kevin spacey -- also one of the film's prodcuers) and put them in one of the most frustrating films i've ever sat through...i guess i'm just really tired of small movies about suburban life with fey, disembodied narrators spouting out random aphorisms and non sequitors. i wouldn't mind so much if the film was able to deliver some sort of epiphany, but it doesn't. when the credits rolled, the only thing i was thinking about was a guy who'd stabbed his girlfriend's retarded brother, and writer/director matthew hoge asking, "what's that?" i may as well have watched "elephant" again...if exploring suburban angst is your thing, you might like this film. there are better cooked stories out there, though. i watched larry clark's "ken park" afterward, which was like "the united states of leland" in a less wealthy neighborhood. both films were depressing, but i felt so gross after i watched "ken park" i promptly returned it to the video store, showered and cleaned my whole apartment. at least i was shocked into action. "the united states of leland" just had me crawling back into bed...the soundtrack is okay. the score is by sunny day real estate's jeremy enigk. jena malone shoots up heroin to the pixies, and there's a dot allison song i like in the credits that i'd forgotten about. no cd was released.
disappointing is a compliment.i had high hopes for this movie, marlon brando, robert deniro, and edward norton, how could i go wrong with this movie with a cast like that? despite the cast this movie sinks under a terrible script. the film is often tedious and the characters never seemed very realistic to me. this was a poorly contrived and at times silly film. the tension never really builds even though the filmmakers try. embarassing for all involved. i only give it two stars to be nice to the cast
now i know why i didn't watch this when it came out in theaters 20 years ago..1987. one of the worst years for movies. there were a string of losers that came out what seemed like all at once. there was the remake of "wanted: dead or alive", "stakeout", "adventures in babysitting", and then this one. these were all losers because they had a shallow plot, a lack of talented actors/actresses, and no moral fiber to them whatsoever. with "wanted" every 2 seconds there was swearing, "stakeout" was just plain stupid, "adventures in babysitting" showed me that the young were starting to yell back at authority, and this one what people will do to be noticed and accepted in the popular group. i just feel that the world has come to this, and it wants to go even further until there are absolutely no moral absolutes. i witnessed this in my late teens early 20's, and now as i'm pushing 40, and have a child of my own i look back on this, and want to grab him, and run to hide. i know my outlook on life has been altered a bit....maybe a little anyway, but i have to still deal with what my son learns out in the world, and if it's not of strong moral fiber then it must be rid of; this goes for me too. it's still terrible after almost 20 years.
turgid  stereotypical.i rarely write reviews, but quoting ebert(who inexplicably liked this!): i hated this movie.  .1. is editor the correct term to apply to joe klotz?  i give him credit for making a move under 2 hours feeling like 4.  if you want to see a good slow paced movie watch l'aaventura.  for a much better recent indie film about family life buy the squid and the wale.  .2. if the director hoped to elicit the sterotypical slow pace of southern life he succeeded too well. amy adams earned acclaim for playing yet another dumb, but sweet southerner (see forrest gump, waterboy).  i guess her performance reaffirmed what hollywood thinks of the south.  notice all the glowing reviews come from people either from california or ny.  does the intelligent southerner exist in the minds of studio execs?  .3. i assume that people like this movie because of some form of self deception or masochism.  i feel bad for the masochists, but not the pretentious pseudo-intellectuals who can conjure meaning from a film devoid of a plot or artistic merit.  .4. rent this first and be thankful you will only lose 2 hours of your life not $19.9
disappointing..i guess my reaction to this film is a result of my expectation. i expected a documentary about animation, something about the end of traditional animation from the world's single largest producer of animation. ..i was very disappointed. it's 40 minutes of whining about being laid off. "disney wouldn't give me my desk; i had to buy it from them." i'm sorry; i probably would have made a similar film myself almost 20 years ago when i was first laid off from a job i loved, but several downsizings later it's been beat into me that if you don't own the company you're just a number on a spreadsheet, no matter how much you like the job or how much you might bring to it. watching other people learn that lesson just isn't compelling viewing for me...so, i wanted a film about the end of traditional animation. i got a film about people saying goodbye to their co-workers. been there, done that, that's life. recommended for people who still think that working for someone else is a "career" and not just a temp job
i love jet li's movies except this one.ok i love action films except this one...  the previews fooled me really badly, i thought jet li would somehow take down all the arrows like how the previews showed it...but no, he dies. that is a tragedy. if ur marketing a film and setting an expectation, make sure u meet it otherwise people get angry, like me
deceptive cover box: this is a pro-dan brown dvd, not an opposing view.like most people, before i spend money on a dvd, i read all the cover descriptions first. ..the back cover starts with a breathless announcement about dan brown's book. then it lists a series of questions by the book's detractors. ..based on the cover description, i honestly thought this dvd was going to be a reasoned "second opinion" regarding the historical information that dan brown uses as part of his novel. ..i had no idea that the dvd was actually just a rehash of the same theories minus the mystery-thriller context. i'm guessing the marketers deliberately meant to ensnare people of faith into thinking they were purchasing an opposing view...this dvd should be called: "the da vinci code," part deux
see 'breaking da vinci's code' for the actual facts.'da vinci code decoded' is merely an uncritical rehash of the same, supposed, 'facts' that dan brown attempts to put forth in his book, much of which was co-opted from 'holy blood, holy grail' (as mr. brown himself attributes in his book).  the many fabrications and outright frauds he puts forth are effectively debunked in the far superior video 'breaking da vinci's code' where actual, reputable scholars dubunk his numerous errors...the pseudopigraphical writings known as the gnostic (so-called) gospels have been known to history since the 2nd century and did not come to light for the first time at nag hammadi, although this cache of writings from that egyptian city did increase our understanding of gnosticism.  but the fact remains that these writings come from the 2nd century while the new testament writings are demonstrably from the 1st century and carry the weight of apostolic authority, something the gnostic writings never had.  by far the majority of mainstream historical and theological scholarship still rests on the side of the new testament as the legitimate historical writings of the christian church, despite the efforts of a minority of gnostic advocates, like elaine pagels...it should also be clearly understood that the claims put forth in 'holy blood, holy grail' and 'the da vinci code' are entirely rejected by mainstream scholarship, both liberal and conservative.  this is primarily because both books suffer from the same fatal flaw, that is the so-called 'priory of sion' and the 'dossier secret' claims advanced by these authors are known and establshed frauds.  these are the fabrications of a circle of anti-semitic french nationalists (and certifiable nut-cases) who revolve around the figure of pierre plantard - who was a primary source in 'holy blood, holy grail' (as readers of that book should be aware).  this is established by the excellent video 'breaking da vinci's code' as well as cbs's 60 minutes, which did an investigative report into mr. brown's 'facts' and came to the same conclusions as above (this was aired most recently on april 30th).  many other researchers have done reviews of the 'facts' of hbhg and dvc and come to the same conclusions...as a former bible seminary student and historical researcher, i can attest from my own research on these matters that the da vinci code is entirely a work of fiction and shouldn't be understood in any other light.  as far as 'holy blood, holy grail' is concerned, even it's own authors admit to it's highly speculative nature, not the type of writing one is going to draw serious historical or theological conclusions from...the bottom line, don't be taken in by the light-weight, air-thin 'research' as presented in 'da vinci decoded' or the two books that inspired this current mania into the long debunked gnostic writings.  by far the great weight of history and scholarship rest on the new testament as the legitimate and authentic history of christianity
davinci excuses.dan brown is so full of bunk that his breath smells bad! this is a compilation of much of the same garbage that he included in his book. he tries, not very convincingly to prove his points. someone reading his garbage that does not have a strong bible based upbringing would be confused by brown's fiction. i would recommend any other dvd, preferably something more uplifting
boring with bad cinematography.i just read _the davinci code_ in less than 2 days.  i couldn't put it down.  it was fascinating.  then, i put this dvd on and everyone in my family fell asleep!  i tried to keep them interested and have the dvd help explain some of the underlying theories that i found so interesting in dan brown's book, but the "expert" interviews were sloppy and not engaging.  when i switched to the extras, hoping to get some visuals on the sites mentioned in the book, the glimpses of westminster abbey and the louvre were very brief while the rosslyn church segment made me nauseous with all the spinning camera work.  i wish they would have held still a little bit and let us look at the place!  ..i have seen many good documentaries in my life, but this is definitely not one of them
too problematic and speculative to be taken seriously.there is so much content that is erroneous and problematic in this dvd it is almost impossible to know where to begin...the basic premises which are presented throughout this dvd are reconstructionist and revisionist history. the implication that is portrayed here is that all of history (especially that which pertains to christianity) that we were taught and all of history that has been presented textually is wrong. however, the implication furthers itself in the presentation of this dvd that what is here (in this dvd) is correct and should be taken seriously if one is to have a more enlightened view of history. if you don't believe me then simply watch the dvd and see for yourself...the majority of the authors interviewed in this dvd have written books that have absolutely no historical evidence which would substantiate their claims (with the exception of dr. robinson, but even some of his claims were fanatically out in left field on occasion). the only author who was actually willing and honest enough to admit this was henry lincoln (one of the authors of 'holy blood, holy grail.') on several occasions lincoln admitted that what is being presented here is purely speculation and should not be take too seriously. but ideas have consequences and it is apparently taken very seriously by those presenting it in this dvd...this dvd is shot through with unsubstantiated claims that are presented as if they are incontrovertible fact. this is deceptive at best for the viewer. anyone who would actually take a little time to probe into these claims, looking at credible and respected researchers and scholars, would see this to be the case...the most interesting feature of this dvd is the interview (in the extra features) with dr. james robinson about the nag hammadi documents. this sections gives a nice historical background explanation of how these documents where found, who found them, where they were found, and what happened to them after they were found. however, as this interview moves forward and shifts into different subject matters, there arises several problems in dr. robinson's assertions and the overall interview begins to take on a certain 'agenda' (for lack of a better term) that fits the tone of the film. however, i did enjoy his interview (and for this i give the dvd 2 stars)...overall, this dvd i believe, is more harmful than helpful. it shows a serious breakdown in credible historical research, and the methods behind credible scholarly historical research. the dvd demonstrates that speculation is more solid than actual proven fact - which is simply absurd. it is filled with unsubstantiated claims that are presented as if they are 'proven' fact (proven only by assertion and no evidence other than assertion). this, as i stated earlier, is just pure historical deception...for a good counter to this dvd and its claims i would recommend "the da vinci hoax" by carl e. olson and sandra mielsel
balance, please!.books and dvds on both sides of _the da vinci code_ have presented only representatives that support the viewpoint of the one producing the book or dvd. that's fine, when the product clearly states that it's biased. but this product gives the impression that it represents an unbiased search for truth, then proceeds to present a parade of scholars who view gnosticism as a lost gem from the past. a truly valuable dvd would have included these scholars, plus an equal number of intelligent, respected evangelical scholars (ben witherington iii, craig blomberg, william lane craig, etc.)
watch das boot instead.i just finished watching das boot.  to even draw comparisons between these two movies is absolutely ridiculous.  where das boot is a gripping human tale of the tragedy of war, u-571 is just more hollywood tripe...if you just want 'splosions and escapism, i guess u-571 does the trick...if you want a realistic sub movie that will haunt you for many nights to come, go with das boot
painful to watch....another product of hollywood's "karaoke culture".  in an age where we see cinematic remakes of every kind, we have in "u-571" an outrageous attempt to borrow from the success and acclaim of "das boot".  but instead of a gripping war drama that reveals the tragic waste of war, we get a cheap flag-waving pile of hollywood propaganda. the lighting, camera angles and claustrophobic set are obviously inspired by db. but the bigoted innacuracies (german submariners machine gunning helpless sailors) and absurd scenarios (an incredibly lucky stern shot sinks a destroyer in hot pursuit) put this ridiculous movie in its own category. u-571 is just another thin, over-promoted, throw-away movie you'll forget the day after you see it
false advertising!.as amazing as it would have been to finally watch the famed murder she wrote/magnum p.i. crossover as it originally aired -- and, as the packaging would lead you to believe, should also appear in this box set -- they included the wrong version of the "magnum" episode. when it was originally created, they shot the episode with two endings: the "to be continued" ending for the crossover, and then a self-contained ending for syndication purposes. the dvd packagers grabbed the wrong version! aaaargh! this is an awfully expensive package for such a sloppy mistake
worst than bad.being a teacher and denzel washington fan, i thought i might find some enjoyment and inspiration from a film purporting to illustrate the difficulties and solutions of the inner city high school experience. i experienced neither. only frustration penetrated my senses as i wasted a couple of hours watching this film (after wasting ten bucks buying it)!..the story line might have worked, though i doubt it, if a few obvious needs had been mandated in the production and direction, like proper casting and a believable script. worst of these offenses was the casting, as all of the "high school" students were at least twenty-five, and most older. talk about suspension of disbelief! the same cast would have worked were they cast as the parents of the students! at times denzel looked younger than the student he was mentoring. indeed, it was preposterous...i'm sure mr. washington looks upon this film as nothing more than a poor experience on the way to excellence, one of those setbacks we learn from to help us find our way...don't waste your time or money
family dog dvd.unfortunately once you open a dvd it is yours. this is the worst .production of a dvd i've ever attempted to watch. it's like watching the cleavers from leave it to beaver ~ yet even worse. so far i've watched 25 minutes of the dvd, and of the 25 minutes ~ the first 5 minutes or so is all advertising for other training dvd's. i would not reccomend that any one purchase this item! mine will most likely go into the trash
almost.it is usually a bad sign when there is a guide included to explain the movie makers reasons for making the movie and to explain the lesson they want to teach.  the movie does give you a conclusion for the anime.  there is little to laugh at in this movie, the directors are to focused on making their point.  they have decided to make the anime and movie more "real" than the manga and as such have lost the light hearted humor and in their attempts to be "realistic" have created inconsistancies that can not be explained...the music and animation are excellent.  but i would recommend buying the soundtrack and renting the movie
lousy movie.i saw the stage production and thought that since it was good the movie would be good also. i was very wrong. the movie is awfu
pretentious, clichd, and trite.this 'film' is a complete waste.  it's nothing more than monologues strung together played over scenes of minimal animation, that amounts to backgrounds moving.  and the script isn't even interesting, little more than a speaker talking in a monotone about skyscrapers created with 'sweat and semen mortar' 'thrusting into the gaping starry sky womb'.  i'm sorry, but that's just awful dialouge.  the writer is obviously attempting to sound profound, but just comes off as artifical and clichd...the character designs are horrible as well, with disproportioned faces and bodies.  ..the whole mishmash reads as someone who's just purchased flash and completed on intro to philosophy class.  i strongly advise you to pass on this
better title: "wasted talent".i had high hopes for this series when i started watching it, though i guess the nonstop obscenities should have been the tip off that under all of that visual masterwork and spiritually stunning characterizations there lurked an twisted message that wasted ten hours of my life to discover.  shandala is truly a wonderful character, pure and good, and the characterization of her is very tender, so by episode 21 or so the storyline actually looked like it could end hopeful and uplifting.  oh, how wrong of me to think so, because for all of the philosophical and religious trappings, the message of "hope" the marketers promise is that the characters learn in the end that the villain's demented plan to save the world is really more effective than their spiritualities and that the "truth" is that the emotional and physical torture and destruction of an innocent, good woman is the only way to save the world!  spare me.  and if you think that i am disgusted by this message, just imagine what the muslims will think when they see what becomes of all of that quoting of the koran and the muslim character's final opinions.  although the story is technically good, i'm only giving it one star for the message of despair.
only for lucy/desi diehards!.this is a terrible movie. when it came out in 1956 it was a box office bomb even though both stars were at the height of their powers. time had only added to it's mediocrity
playable in the u.s.a.???.i wish i could write a review espousing the merits of this movie which i'm sure it probably deserves due to the subject matter and caliber of the cast... but i can't. before you order this, you may want do some research to confirm if this latest dvd version is "region 1" playable. i'm returning the one i've just ordered...i've read some of the reviews listed on amazon written by "u.s. reviewers" dated after the release (february 15, 2005) of this "merchant ivory collection" version of this movie and wonder... are the reviews based upon this dvd or just the movie itself?..anyways... if you order it and can't play it (region 1 dvd player)... you're not alone
nice to look at is all.beautiful scenery, nice costumes, great acting, and handsome people, without a good storyline do not a great movie make
miracle on 34th street.i expected the colorized version but instead recieved the black and white version and there were not any indications of niether on the shopping page so it's not really the film it's self but more of the advertisement
why settle for less?.instead of settling for four episodes, including a retread of what's already been released, go for the recently-released volumes.  each volume (as of this writing, two are on the market and the third is being released next month) contains 23 episodes.  every episode, i believe.  all in order.  you don't miss out.  you get every story you remember as a kid (or a younger adult ... you geeks know who you are).  more for your money, folks.  you won't be disappointed
don't waste ur money.buying this would not make sense if you a. bought batman the animated series: volume one or b. batman tas the legend begins. if you have one or the other and hopefully not conned by warner to buy both and think you would want this then you would have 2 and if ur that rare case of ones who bought both a. and b. then you would have 3 christmas' with joker. now i would urge you to buy volume one and later 2 then to go question yourself if you have this episode and why is this episode on both dvd's. be safe and read before you buy
boo!.it wasn't a bad movie except for all the killing. how about a nice movie where people just get along? instead, this crazy michael myers guy runs around killing all the teenie weeners and ruins halloween for everyone. this character totally ruined the movie. pleasent donald demonstrated some good acting but i had a hard time telling him apart from that buttugly jamie lee curtis
good intentions but....a prestigious scientist (scharwzenegger) is embraced by artificial insemination testing by himself a new pharmacological device...in spite of the existence of several funny humor blows, it predominates along the picture coarse humor, signed by a permissive and excessively didactic vision of the sex. to be true, there is a potent allegation respect the familiar institution and the motherhood virtue. the fact is that a good chance was wasted about regain the magic of those classic comedies directed by wilder or hawks. ..but anyway, let' s make an imagination exercise; mel brooks directing, with a six hands script written by robin williams, billy cristal and danny de vito would have been a major successful premise. . .but all comparisons sound hateful, perhaps. don `t you?
not much bite to this snake horror.a boy gets the worlds deadiest snake by mistake from a pet store???? huh what pet store is going to get the killer anyway but that is just the first of so many plot holes that i won't even talk about any others . just a fine cast wasted in this thrillesss non scary horror/suspence movie. a compleate mess and a waste of time
ugly violence.cold mountain, a place in western north carolina is no fun. life is harsh for country farmers, and cold-blooded locals.  sure, it's beautiful to look at through the mist as long as you're not starving to death, being raped, or murdered.  i thought i'd let potential viewers know ahead of time before they think they are going to see a romantic period piece for chicks: cold mountain is brutal with violence and sexual abuse.  most of the offending scenes are unnecessary for the telling of a "saga."  i have no idea why minghella felt it imperative to show hollywood blood and skin every other scene.  well, i know why.  the director has these fantasies and he wants everyone to understand...a saga is a long story of adventures and side plots that finally climax in a truth so ironic that audiences can't sleep at night thinking of the terrible drama and unrequited love.  think lawrence of arabia, doctor zhivago, or gone with the wind.  speaking of gwtw: isn't cold mountain kind of a crude remake of that chestnut.  for the most part, jude law, nicole kidman, and especially renee zellweger are awful with their dialect; in fact, they are all over the language map, and these inflections kill those moments of human suffering, erupting a giggle to the viewer's throat...i wonder if the relationship between zellweger's can-do feminism and kidman's old fashioned southern belle is a commentary or debate that didn't actually take place for a hundred years.  feminism is an outgrowth of birth control and socialism.  empower the woman and there'd be no war.  all would cooperate as women do as workers.  men are beasts etc.  you see what i mean.  none of these ideas pounded upon by our screenplay and director would come to fruition for a century, so why not try to get with accuracy a slice of history. ..recreated, the crater, a true debacle of history is truthful to a point, but after the union soldiers are trapped in the hole, did the confederates jump in too?  i read bruce canton's account, and i can assure you the confederates fired down into the pit with no need for hand-to-hand combat.  the same may be said about the national guard portrayal.  films about the civil war give the impression that every able-bodied man joined the army.  this was not true.  legions of men stayed home and society itself, law and order, remained for the most part.  now i won't argue with oral history.  if somewhere in north carolina, the locals became abusive to their own people: so be it, but cm makes the villains cardboard without character development, so i was left with cheap prurient emotion.  i felt the need to bathe.
fantastic musical scores, acting production good but uneven and busy.musical scores were on spot, rich and compelling, imparting  emotional punch! chemistry was somewhat skewed between kidman and enman. the rule of "show don't tell" was broken periodically throughout dialogue, particuarly in enman's dialogue when he goes from scene to scene "announcing" to each one he meets he's in love. scenes were pleasantly varied, many of which were extraordinarily vivid and detailed with an interesting host of characters, however portions of acting came across as plastic and trained. it seems as though this movie tried to do "too much" and as a result the plot became vexed with business. a cornicopia of  scene effects, ranging from  surreal, to tragic, to tongue in cheek, to implausible (with the widow dancing and smiling shortly after she had witnessed losing her entire family to a massacre?) made it difficult at last to gain an emotional foothold and invest, although emotional offerings run like spooked herds throughout the production with the aid of ethereal soundtracks.  speaking of implausible - the friendship that ensued  between the red-haired minister and enman, in light of their initial conflict, seemed rather far fetched and silly, moreso with the minister commanding something more akin to a broadway theatrical stage presence than a real person might portray given the strain of the times. renee' zelwegger did well but proved unbelievable for me in light of her typecasting and excellent role in jerry macguire. nicole kidman was not in her element, yet even here in the role of a helpless swooner her acting credentials were present. this film was over-starred and substantially miscast. didn't need donald as kidman's father and kidman and zellwegger's tension between themselves proved more distracting than complimentary. overall the movie was interesting but lengthy to a fault. undeniably a remarkable collaborative brainfest that in several ways might have been greatly improved.
i thought anthony minghella was incapable of making a worse movie than "the english patient" ....oops, mine bad!
copycat movie of the australian movie "the adventures of pricilla, queen of the desert".this movie is nothing but a copy of the australian movie "the adventures of pricilla, queen of the desert".  typical!!! just like the original english bbc series of "the office" which was copied and remade in the usa...stop stealing ideas from other countries
the "original" versions are 4x3 letterboxed....the "original" versions are 4x3 letterboxed.....for anyone with an hdtv or widescreen regular tv, these dvds are a major disappointment.  the original versions are matted from their original 2.35:1 aspect ration for 4x3 tvs, so they look like crud on an hdtv or other widescreen tv...they appear to be made from the same transfers used for the laserdiscs...the other versions, from 2004, appear to be identical to the dvds previously released
not for kids....this movie is not for young kids even though the back of the dvd case shows a dog getting a bath and states "this is a family movie".  my kids were balling their eyes out when the dogs were getting put to sleep.  i should have watched it first - live and learn!!
basically a 90 minute peta commerical..first off, i grew up with dogs, i have an affection for dogs.  i even have respect for peta and their effort to ethically treat animals.  that's a good mission to have...but, that is a message that does not play well as this 90 minute movie.  i mean with quotes like this "maybe there are people like me behind the eyes of another creature."  just went too far for me...this movie was too melodramtic and my wife was calling out the plot points about one minute before each one which made for an abysmal screenplay.  the musical score was fine enough as was the melody...if you want a better dog movie, go get something like old yeller or where the red fern grows.  both are probably equally molodramtic but at least they have a better story/screenplay to carry the story to the conclusion...this movie is literally for the dogs
reincarnation .....doggy style?.a trouble some pooch who has reaccuring dreams of being something else, something far greater.... a man. after a series of silly events he begins to take these dreams seriously and goes off on an adventure to find his family and his old life before..... he died. ..while the story is very touching and has a very good moral too it it was far too too long for me and seemed kinda cheesy at some pionts they kept on reinfasizing reincarnation, reincarnation, reincarnation. it was interesting but at one piont it became very boring and i lost intrest. i have only been able to sit through it one time, because of this. it jusy seemed like the man was really in a coma and that at one piont that he was gonna wake up from this long boring nightmare but he never did. ..a great move to show small children at bed time so they fall asleep and perhaps people with a long patience or perhaps people with  an intrest in animals and dogs would like to see it
if i could i waould give it no star!.this film is among the worst, most pointless, and most inane garbage that i've ever had the misfortune to view. contrary to popular belief the alien was not cute he was creepy! the little boy was extremely annoying, and his relationship with the alien made me ill! actually it made me more than ill, it was down right disturbing! his bond with the alien was one of the most freeky thing i have ever had to witness, and the kids family was just obnoixious. by the time the alien go home no one really cares anymore. you are just relieved that the film is finally over. watch it only to say that you've seen this.
do not buy director's cut!.don't buy the directors cut...badder santa is absolutely hysterical.  for some strange reason the director decided to make a "director's cut" that is a neutered version of "badder santa"...i bought it yesterday when it came out and the internal dialogue from billy bob in the first scene was missing.  the celebration in the bar after the first mall "heist", where billy bob proclaims he's giving up drinking, was missing.  the next scene where billy bob was stealing drinks from the bar on the beach and fights with the bartender was missing...that was enough for me.  i immediately shut it off and best buy agreed to let me swap it for "badder santa" due to the false impression of a "longer and fuller" cut than it's predecessor, as is the industry standard.  ..i was duped.  please buy "badder santa" instead.  ..this is a watered down/walmart version of a classic, not an extended cut
bad santa is bad..i rented this movie after hearing how funny it was.  unfortunately, instead of laughing it just made me sad and angry.  the way the boy was treated was nothing short of child abuse.  i have a sick enough sense of humor that i like a lot of dark comedies, but this movie was just plain mean-spirited.  if they had left out the boy altogether is might have been funny..i can't recommend this
bad bad santa.a friend of ours, guy gilbert, recommended this film as the "funniest i have ever seen"... it wasn't. there are good moments but not many. my suggestion to guy was to watch 'sean of the dead' and come back to me..
a very, very, very silly movie.having liked "sixth sense" very much, i was hoping to see another good movie from the same director. sadly, this was not the case. i like science fiction, i like movies about the supernatural, i like mysteries, and i love comic books. i also appreciate thoughtful and thought-provoking explorations of racial issues. this movie had a lot of potential but instead just made a silly muddle out of everything.
problem with these discs.is anyone else having issues with these discs? when you first place the discs in the player, it skips over the main menus. then the "menu" button will only start and stop the episode selected, but it will not return you to the main menu. there is no spanish or portuguese dubbed audio on the discs (despite what the menus and packaging claim) and the episodes automatically play with spanish subtitles even when the subtitles are turned "off." the only way to avoid this is to choose "other" subtitles with the remote. this appears to be an authoring issue, as i am using a two year-old sony dream system dvd player and have not had these issues with previous seasons. i'm exchanging my discs immediately, but i have a feeling they might all be bad. anyone else hear about these issues
learn to dance..great way to learn to dance in the privacy of your own home. very helpful
making love scene completely cut.i saw this movie in the theater some almost 30 years ago with my then partner and i definately remember the love making scene being hot and heavy though heavily shadowed in darkness. but the scene is completely gone in the dvd, as well as the kiss. now why in the world would they cut that out!!!??? that was the whole point of going to see the movie at that time, it was on the cutting edge. one star because you screwed with the whole point of the movie "making love"
controversial then.........tame now.finally, "making love" is released on dvd. for those of you questioning my rating, let me explain. the ratings are supposed to be for the product (the dvd) not the film itself. i give the dvd a 2-star rating simply because it contains no extras. no commentary track, no "making of" featurette, no deleted scenes, no bloopers, no nothing (unless you count the trailer......and i don't count the trailer). the film i give a 3 1/2 to 4 star rating or a 5 star rating simply because kate jackson is in it. .       considered controversial and ground breaking for its time, today (as another reviewer mentioned) in the days of "will and grace" and "queer as folk" it seems rather mild by comparison. still, that doesn't mean it isn't a good film. yes, it is riddled with cliches and yes, it goes out of it's way to be as unoffensive as possible, yet "making love" tackles it's  subject in a fairly honest, forthright manner (especially when you consider it was filmed in 1982).. .       although it's nice to see jackson on ontkean together again (since their days on the television series "the rookies"), i never really bought ontkean's performance. even when i watch it today i feel he's too stiff and reserved, never really willing to open up and fully explore his character's conflicts and emotions. jackson does some of her best work here (okay, so you know i'm a fan and somewhat biased but....hey, whatever). she has some genuinely touching moments, such as when she confesses her crush on her teacher to the camera ("crepe paper is a [..] to tear"), when she talks on the phone with her father, or her final meeting with zach. as he walks down the driveway and out of her life, the expression on her face breaks your heart. it's moments like these that make me very curious to see what jackson could have done with the role of joanna, the ex-wife of dustin hoffman's character in "kramer vs. kramer". (she was originally offered the role but the producers of charlie's angels would not give her the time off). harry hamlin deserves kudos for taking a basically unlikable character and portraying him as such while showing the audience why he has built up this wall around himself. one reviewer noted that zach unexplainably falls for bart. i think it's perfectly understandable why zach falls for him. zach is in the middle of an identity crisis. bart is the one gay man he actually knows on a personal level. it's only natural that he'd be drawn to him to learn more about himself, no matter how cocky or flippant bart is. ..     so yes, the film has it's flaws (as most do) but i think it holds up pretty well after all these years. i just wish the dvd had some extras darn it!!
don't believe the hype.i've only watched the first six episodes so far, waiting for some in depth story to unfold with diverse characters... blah blah blah...nothing but a simple story line with everything spelled out.  there's no complexity to it, no unfolding of the characters, no mystery of peeling through the layers of their lives.  all the episodes seem so long and dragged out but nothing different ever really happens.  boy tries to save girl, boy gets beat up, boy does what he feels is right without thinking it through, no strategy, no thought to his actions.  it almost seems like a saturday morning cartoon with violence and unnecessary rape suggested scenes...another thing that really bugs me is the fact that the evil king hamdo is such a whiny coward, but yet somehow manages to recieve complete obedience from all his subjects.  somebody would have dethroned him by now, in fact there was an assassination attempt where the two assassins were skilled enough to sneak all the way into his chambers with out being noticed, kill his guards, have him in there sights, and not only miss him, but stand out in the open only to be shot by his scared shaky hand from under his desk.  the actions and reactions of this world are just to unrealistic...i want my wasted hours back.  good thing this only cost me twenty dollars
i've seen enough.i didn't watch millenium when it was on ten years ago, so i thought i'd give it a try on dvd, as i'm a big x-files fan. i watched two shows: "the beginning and the end" and "the dogs". they were ridiculous and boring. i'm done with millenium
how did this happen ?.i was shocked when i saw the episodes of the second season. i would say the first season was one of the best things to be aired on tv ever. how come they just throw all that down the drain ? you really don't know what to think during the episodes. "is it a comedy ? oh, look at at satan and his friends having a chat.am i supposed to laugh or amuse myself ? and now, is it a serious episode ?" not to mention the lack of darkness so well conveyed by frank black in the 1st season. to sum up, the second season left a lot to be desired. the only thing i can do now is re-watch season one.
imho:  dumb movie....after seeing some of the other amazon reviews of this movie, and the fact that jason swartzman was in it (after having seen him for the first time in "rushmore" - a wonderful film), i had to purchase a copy of this dvd for myself to view.  it's got a wonderful cast of fine actors, but i found this movie really dumb.  one critic on the dvd box claimed this was "laugh out loud funny."  really?  what movie was he watching?  i strained a chuckle here and there, but that was about it for me.  the lily tomlin  dustin hoffman characters were particularly annoying as was the script.  i know this was supposed to be a satiristic movie, but i didn't find much to snicker about.
not as avertised..editted movie.the movie is good except this version has been editted and cut out sceens, very disapointtin
horrible.this is the worst sequel i have ever had the displeasure of seeing. i knew it wasn't going to be as good as the first one ,but did it have to be this cheesy and boring. they aged mia, got rid of michael, threw her together with some loser, and made up some bogus law about marriage. i was really disappointed
horrible sequel to pd1.this movie was so disappointing. it was completely different from the first movie and all the books. where in the world was michael
this is not alexander.since we really don't have much to go on as far as factual historical accounts of alexander, we can only surmise our image of him from what little there is written about him.  we know a lot about what he accomplished because the results are evident, but trying to put together a portrait of his "true" character and nature is at best just hypothetcal conjecture.  no one knows who alexander really was as a person. most people don't even know themselves...     does this movie convey alexander as he really was or just some hollywood director's personal idea that has been gleaned from rehashed biograpies of alexander.  from the ridiculous harold lamb version to the account of arrian to the more scholarly robin lane fox's "alexander the great" there isn't much that can be added to what scant information we have.  certainly the life of alexander is a msystery since there is virtualy nothing know about it, and what little is know wasn't even included in the film...     for example, his leading the cavalry charge at the "battle of chaeronea" which resulted in philip's hegemony of greece wasn't ever mentioned in the movie.  instead, sensual garbage including his mother's fetish with snakes and her completely embellished influence on him, in the usual hollywood manner, is the kind of rubbish that is fostered upon the viewer.  ..     obviously, his mother had and influence on him as all mothers have an influence on their children, but "give me a break".  this kind of theatrical emoting is a waste of screen time which should have been spent on showing us what alexander did in his life, which is what made him "the great".  ..     almost all of the significant things he did are not even mentioned or so quickly glossed over that they are meaningless.  and a lot of what is mentioned isn't even correct.  and many of the conclusions made by the director are purely guesswork, and bad guess work at that...another example of something significant left out of the movie in favor of snake slithering: at the age 16 alexander was intrusted with the regency of macedonia while philip was sieging perinthos and byzantium in eastern thrace.  while his father was gone, the maedi, a thracian tribe, revolted.  alexander led a campaign against them, succeeded, and established a new colony at maedi and named it alexandros.  he was also allowed to refered to as a "man" after that, because he had killed an enemy in hand-to-hand combat, and that was the only way a macadonian could be considered a "man". ..    at that time alexander was able to start having an insight and true understanding of his father which could have only been attained from the battle field.  it was possible to comprehend his father's harsh, disciplined life which included drinking, hunting, and loving..  .    the rest of alexander's life was just as remarkable as his exploit in suppressing the uprising at maedi, but the movie, in my opinion, just doesn't do justice to alexander.  a man who did what he did and in such a short time deserves better.  and quite frankly, except for the poorly done battle scenes, i've seen more action in "road runner" cartoons...one final example which wasn't even hinted at in the movie:  on his march back "home", he encountered the "mallians", a fierce and warring nation.  an assault was made on their major stronghold, and the men with the scaling ladders were late arriving.  alexander, with his impatience to storm the fortress, grabbed a ladder from the first ladder bearer to arrive and personally placed it against the wall and climbed up.  three othr men followed him up the ladder and made the top with him.  the men on the ground scrambled to follow alexander, and their combined weight broke the ladder, and the king and the three soldiers were stranded on top of the battlements.  the men on the ground pleaded for him to jump back down into their arms and safety, but alexander jumped into the fort and attacked.  he received a serious chest wound but not before dispatching several of the mallians.  the army broke into the stronghold, and thinking alexander dead, killed everyone there.  that's the kind of man that this movie should have been telling the story of, not some jickjack jollie snake juggling mishmash of psyhological meanderings that were a complete bore...     alexander was a man of action, a great leader and general, a genius of military stratagey and tactics, a philosopher, muscian, had schooling in botany, astronomy, medicine, geography, and other various disciplines and he was a hero in the "grand tradition".  maybe peter jackson should make a  movie about alexander.  i'm sure he could get it "right".
alexander the worst.this movie is so bad that i turned it off after about an hour.  the photography is excellent, the costumes are outstanding, the writing poor, the editing worse, and the director should be prosecuted for malpractice.  i have read several biographies of alexander and this movie seemed to select various episodes and tie them together like a series of vignettes.  it then switches back and forth between his youth and his maturity to the point that there is no continuity and it is almost impossible to follow what is going on.  it ignores that alexander was widely believed to be a party to his father's assassination...the casting for this film left a lot to be desired and grime and grit seemed to used in place of actual acting. the writing didn't help and alexander came across as reciting lines that he didn't understand and certainly didn't feel.  it is really too bad that this film is so bad, because with the money spent it could have been a good adventure film.  instead we got a mishmash.  don't bother seeing this film
alexander and the terrible, horrible, no good, very bad movie.i apologize the the children's author for mis-using the title of a very good book, but it seemed so right!  assuming that the greeks lived much like the oliver stone asserts, and why not, then it was hard to be macedonian, greek, and royal.  there is enough angst in this movie for the rest of alexander's cut short life.  three hours of this much angst is three hours too much.  i give it 2 stars for the scenery, the story that is probably pretty spot on, and the fact that someone had the good sense to have sir anthony hopkins and christpher plummer in the movie.  they are the redeeming features of the whole thing.  but i would not recommend this movie to anyone looking for a more historical venue.  read a good book about it!!  sorry, oliver, but it's jfk all over again.  plausible, but just not the case
poison ivy ii: what happened here?.this is what?  some story about a college art teacher who eventually coerces a comely student to pose topless for him to paint? we're supposed to be "shocked" at this? the idea of a sequel is to provide a continuance of a previous story, giving the audience a further dose of what they found entertaining the first time round.  not happening here, folks. somebody seriously dropped the ball here, took someone's "mid-aged man gets to see 19 year-old breasts" fantasy and labled it after a blockbuster movie as it's sequel. but there's no 'bad-girl interjects in wallflower's family' here, no "i seduced your daddy" thing - the main character isn't even named ivy ... and, unlike the original,this storyline makes it clear the young lass is both "of age" and also, the college prof didn't seem to need to do much convincing to get the blouse to come off.  all in all, it does get two stars because the actress truly is a very beautiful thing and we do get to see her half nude a couple of times (although she just - like, sits there).  this film has no big-name actors in it, not that such could have saved it.  there's more satisfying erotica in the stage play-scene from "all that jazz" than there is here.
ivy.starring sam from whose the boss and that guy that used to be married to christina applegate. i really hate this movie. it's so boring and not exciting like drew barrrymores version
the longest 108 minutes.i have nothing against soft core movies and every now and then i see one that actually has a decent story.  unfortunately, poison ivy ii is not one of those movies.  the story drags so badly that you'd swear it's stretched over at least 4 hours  and it generally feels as slow and constipated as any film you're ever likely to suffer through.  if there was some geunuine heat on the screen when the movie tries to be sexy, you might forgive this.  alas, the sex is just as ponderous and devoid of appeal as the rest of poison ivy ii.  alyssa milano looks like she wants to be somewhere else every time she reveals even a little bit of skin and there is never a sense of true passion when she's with either her boyfriend or her art teacher...all in all, this movie is a stinker.  it's dull, pointless, and not even a little sexy.  whether you want an interesting story or an erotic romp you'll want to look elsehwere for you entertainment
guaranteed to kill quite a few brain cells..in almost every actor's career, there are some early film efforts that were clearly done just for a paycheck. if these actors had their way, these movies would be wiped off of the face of the earth and never mentioned again. ..actress alyssa milano (who got her start on the hit 80's tv show who's the boss?) made quite a few of these type of movies early on in her hit/miss (but mostly miss) movie career. most of them were essentially sub-par soft-core erotic thrillers (like embrace of the vampire) that just basically sucked on almost every level. others were actually pretty good like confessions of a sorority girl. some may argue that she may have been trying to shed her wholesome image from her prior tv show who's the boss but i think that she was just desperate for work and would take anything she could get her hands on, no matter how bad the script was. either that, or she actually thought that these were supposed to be good films. if that was the case she ought to slap her agent during that period! ..a friend of mine recently lent me her 1995 film poison ivy 2: lily on dvd with the recommendation that it was good on a so-bad-it's good level. all i can say is that it was just bad on every level and actually made most usa network sleazefests look pretty good by comparison. ..the film is a sequel (in name only for the most part) to the 1992 cult classic that starred a decidedly very sexy  17 year old drew barrymore in the lethal nymphette role of ivy. on a guilty-pleasure level the original movie worked due to the movie's reliance on solid acting instead of just wall-to-wall sex and nudity. ..poison ivy 2 involves lily (alyssa milano) who is an art student/painter from michigan who has just arrived in california to start attending an art school. she quickly finds a house that has a room for rent and quickly moves in. she starts attending her classes and quickly catches the attention of a male classmate. they start going out and it soon becomes obvious that lily's much older (and married with a child) teacher has the hots for her as well and develops an unhealthy infatuation on her. lily ends up inexplicably finding a hidden diary and nude photos from a girl named ivy (presumably the one from the first film) and immediately becomes fascinated by ivy's wild and free sexual ways. lily immediately begins to start dressing in very revealing clothes and basically acting like a tramp, much to the surprise of her boyfriend (who doesn't mind one bit.) her teacher ends up talking her into letting him paint semi-nude portraits of her and before too long he can't resist his urges and starts trying to force her into having sex with him. she tries to refuse and eventually her boyfriend catches on and gets disgusted with her. she tries to confront her teacher about it at her house and he tries to practically rape her in the main hallway (while his wife and young daughter are home no less). his daughter and wife catch them in the act(whoa!! i didn't see that coming!)and the little girl inexplicably runs out into the street and gets hit/killed by a car(!). everyone exchanges some heated words and the movie ends. ..the plot, as you can tell, is predictable and thoroughly generic. probably the worst part is that the running time of the movie is an unbearable 108 minutes. most of the scenes go on ridiculously long and will more than likely cause unsuspecting viewers to doze off periodically. ..all of the actors involved look like they were blackmailed into making this movie. alyssa milano is there purely for the skin factor and all of the other cast trudge through their roles looking like someone slipped valium in their meals/drinks. ..as is almost always the case with direct-to-video skin flicks, poison ivy 2 is available in both unrated and r-rated versions. the dvd i watched included both the r and unrated versions of the movie on the same disc as well as offering a choice between widescreen or full frame viewing options. the only version that i checked out was the widescreen unrated version. according to the back of the dvd box, the r-rated version looks to be missing around 2 minutes of explicit sexual content. to be honest, i couldn't really tell what about the uncut version caused the mpaa to demand cuts. out of the whole film there are probably literally only 2 1/2 minutes of footage that feature any sort of nudity or sexual content. even when sex does occur it's so poorly lit and the editing is so choppy that not that much is really shown. the sex scenes are also pretty brief for this dubious genre. there's one in particular that's good for a laugh in which a guy who is lusting after her confronts her in his room at some goofy party. (it is rumored that this particular scene originally contained an explicit shot of alyssa simulating oral sex on the male actor who played her boyfriend but that she forced the distributors to take that shot out of the film. the very beginning of this scene is present as you see her head makes its way down, but then it cuts away.)   ..since this was an unrated film, there was tons of room to make a truly erotic and extremely explicit sex scene. but what we get is something that isn't that much more than we see in most r rated erotic films. any shots that showed below the waist sexual activity usually only lasted for a second or two. (the only scene that probably could have ruffled the ratings board's feathers was a brief sequence in which the sleazy teacher performs oral sex on lily.) all of the participants are clearly not that comfortable with the material which makes the few sex scenes boring, laughable and about as far from erotic as you can get. i've seen r-rated films that were a ton more explicit than this. ..once again, my main beef with erotic thrillers is that if you know you're making an unrated film, just go all out and make it as sexually explicit as you can...as can be expected, the sole reason most people will watch this movie is to see alyssa milano nude. while she looks great with her clothes off, it's clear that she wasn't all that comfortable in those scenes and she just looks flat out embarassed in the sex scenes. and to be honest, she's not naked all that much in the movie. when she is it's mostly just shots of her fabulous breasts (with a few moments of her toned bare butt), but unfortunately no full frontal. people would be better off just downloading the stills off of the internet instead of trying to make it through this piece of crap. ..this direct-to-video dud is a thorough waste of time and really isn't worth watching for any reason whatsoever. for a film that advertises itself as soft-core porn, it is sorely lacking in the sex and nudity departments and features instead some of the worst scenes and acting around. only alyssa milano addicts will find anything worth salvaging in this mess, everyone else should just act like this movie doesn't exist. ..poison ivy 2: lily is unrated and contains strong sexual content, nudity and language. ..(as mentioned before the r-rated version is 2 minutes shorter and edits some of the more explicit sexual footage while also using some alternate camera angles.
i would give this a sub-zero rating if i could.brainwashing is not a good way to educate young people about the world around them.  this is a blatant effort to wrench young children's emotions and therefore their perspectives  about the eeeevil effects of "global warming" by engaging their sympathies.  the only plot is brainwashing, using penguins as the straw man.  the penguin world is factually well documented if one is interested in teaching children about them.  as a responsible parent, i would avoid this entirely.
pointless.i think my title says it all. it was directionless and pointless. the only character that elicited any sympathy at all was doug, and even he seemed to be drifting without any purpose. even the gay issue failed to elicit any tension between the characters. i kept wondering when the plot would start, but it didn'
fulgar language at the utmost.i bought this video based on the reviews and was so disappointed that i never got past the first 20 minutes.  i am not a prude, but to use the f word in every sentene as an adjective, verb and however else it may be used was a complete turnoff.  i put the video in my recycle box.  maybe it had some substance, but i could not get past the first 20 minute
prejudice movie!.this movie is not good for the kids! it teaches them how to be prejudice and will probably result in them hating cats! cats are actually really sweet animals, like the complete opposite of what's shown in the movie. people, you shouldn't get this for your kids unless you want to teach them prejudism..besides, the movie is full of lame, dry humor that's not funny at all. i saw it at a friend's house and i practically had to force myself to stay awake through the whole thing!.it's not that i don't like dogs, cause i do, but this movie is a bad influence for the kids
like all gossip: a lot of talk about nothing!.a very boring and stupid film about college freshmen with a kindergarten maturity level. the movie is horribly slow to get to the point and is riddled with nonsense dialogue: i've heard better lines in 'fast times at richmond high' thank you.. . altogether a very forgettable film that has a lot of talk about nothing. don't believe the great reviews about this film: the film might appeal to the 14-17 year-old crowds fantasizing about how 'cool' college life might be with all the 'cool' people and 'parties.' if you're not in that category, skip this boring film and save both your time and your money.
sacrilegious, offensive, and generally atrocious!.i only gave this movie one star because it is against amazon's rules to give it no stars. after hearing that this was a christian movie, i could not wait to watch it. however, this movie has nothing in common with christianity, quite the contrary, this is the most anti-christian movie that i have ever seen; it promotes murder and other unsurpassable evil. ..the movie started out horribly and just continued to get worse. for instance, the beginning of the movie was shockingly pornographic. in a supposedly "christian" movie i did not expect to be bombarded with this. after seeing this i did not expect that the movie could possibly get worse. however, i was greatly mistaken. later in the movie the main character, who was remarkably unsympathetic, met several of her christian co-workers who were talking about something they called "the pearl dream." intrigued, the main character asked them what this dream was. of course, they were unable to answer because it is complete nonsense. none the less, the main character continues to review what her co-workers have told her about christianity over the years. as the movie plods along, generally confusing and boring the viewer, she comes to the decision to give up her sinful lifestyle and turn to god. when this event transpired i assumed, wrongly, that from this point forward the film would redeem its beginning and maybe even say something good about christianity. this, however, is where the movie went form being merely bad to astoundingly  sacrilegious. ..then, the main character and her young daughter set out for the desert. due to a vague dream, they believed that this was god's will and that he would appear in the desert and take them to heaven, in other words "rapture" them. how they came to this assumption i was never quite sure. the movie often made ludicrous statements  which never made the slightest amount of sense. i became extremely weary trying to deduce what was happening. nothing that took place in this movie was remotely biblical nor was it well explained. ..as time passed our characters continued to sit in the desert, boring the viewer to tears. they begin to suspect that god was not coming to gather them to heaven and they started to despair. this is where the movie became intolerably anti-christian; the mother took her daughter up to a mountain and asked her to kneel. she then forced her daughter to pray. after the prayer was concluded she took a gun from her dress and shot her crying daughter, supposedly to send her to heaven. she "believes" that she is doing god's will. obviously, she was such an idiot that she failed to read that the bible that strictly forbids murder. afterwards, she is sent to prison, where we hope to see her suffer for her cruel, viscous, and insurmountably stupid act. as she is sitting in her cell, blaming god for the murder of her daughter, that she willingly committed (if she had half a brain cell she would have realized that she was doing satan's will, not god's), she hears trumpets and the cell walls start to fall in. a few scenes pass, in which the ghost of her daughter returns and tries to redeem her faith. she, however, refuses. then, she is taken to a dark room, that the viewer is supposed to believe is some supernatural place where judgment takes place, and asks if she loves god. she replies no, because she blames him for her insanity. the film concludes with her standing stupidly in a dark room, that failed to represent eternity. ..most of the aspects included in the film were never explained. such as the significance of "the pearl dream." nor was it explained why they believed that they needed to wait in the desert. how did they contrive this ridiculous idea from a vague, ambiguous, and utterly vapid dream anyway? none of these questions were ever answered. this caused the film to feel incomplete. the stories between scenes shifted so drastically that i suspected i had missed several important scenes. after checking my dvd i realized that i had not accidentally skipped crucial scenes, because their were none. this film was deliberately ambiguous and vapid. ..also, the special effects, cinematography, and acting were about as good as a preschool play. none of the actors put any emotion into their roles. they recited their lines like drugged zombies; i suppose even they realized it was complete rubbish and decided not to put much effort into it. ..to state the obvious, this film is a disgrace! obviously, it is not biblically based. it does not represent christian philosophy which is to love others, not to wander around aimlessly in the desert acting like a fool. nor do christians promote murder, as this film implied. this movie has as much religious value as night of the blind nazi zombies. i am ashamed to see that such a complete travesty is labeled a christian film. this film is extremely anti-christian; its main objective is to give the world the false impression that fundamentalist christians are brainwashed and are incapable of sane thoughts. this is not true, and yes, i can prove it. all the proof that you need is contained in the bible. if you stop hardening your heart and truly listen with an open mind then you cannot help but to see jesus loving message for the world. he does not desire to bring misery to the world, but happiness and love. the reason that there is misery in the world is because people, like those who made this film, disobey god. if we followed his loving rules then we would not suffer. i do not write this rather long review out of hatred, as i am sure many will accuse me of. i write this to warn people what this movie is really about. it is not a true christian movie like the left behind's and the passion of the christ.  and, yes i am aware that i will be bombarded by a slough of negative votes. however, i do not even faintly care. my beliefs, as a fundamentalist christian and my love of god  is more important to me than a  number on a page...also, i was shocked to read the other reviews on this forum, especially the one from the wiccan woman who said that she wished to see christians thrown to the lions as they were in the time of the romans. i have seen a lot of hatred in my life but her review was by far the worst i have ever see. christians love the world and those in it, we do not tell non-christians about christ to imply that we are "holier than thou" because we are not. all are equal under god's eyes. we are all sinners and the only way to attain redemption is to accept god's undeserved grace. we tell other people about god's undeserved love because we want to save them and see them living in eternal joy in heaven. we do not rejoice to see people unsaved, we tell them about their condition because we want to see them saved. in other words, we tell people because we love them. also, for those of you who accuse christians of having a hatred of the world, why do you spew hatred in everything you say toward christians? aren't you displaying the hatred that you claim you abhor?..in conclusion, this is the worst movie ever made. it is anti-christian, immensely sacrilegious, poorly acted, poorly written, vapid, mind numbingly dull, disjointed, tortuously long, etc. in short, this film is an abomination. it is massively offensive to christians and is a massive misrepresentation of christian values. also, the acting is abysmal and the story line hopelessly confusing. if you wish to watch a film that accurately portrays christian values then i recommend watch "the passion of the christ" or the left behind movies.  i hope that this review will help you; it was written with love and concern. i shall keep you in my prayers. have a wonderful new year...in christ,.ravenova..also recommended:  the left behind and the ravenloft book series
nice outfits.i get it.  sometimes it's hard, impossible, to break away from the dictums of society...that doesn't stop this movie from being one of a handful of movies that make me wish film had never been invented
date. mate. regurgitate..stuart gordon's 1985 flick re-animator is one of the few genre flicks that successfully combines high-camp horror with bawdy sexual humor and comes out with a cult classic.  but where gordon's work triumphs, brian yuzna's 1990 sequel, bride of re-animator, proportionally fails.  the gore, the nudity, and the sexual innuendo are blatantly gratuitous, and even strong performances from stars jeffrey combs (as mad scientist herbert west) and bruce abbott (as dan cain, west's protg) can't hide the fact that the humor is no longer as glib and flippant as in the first film and instead seems painfully contrived.  and ardent fans of gordon's film will be peeved when they see that yunza has ignored basic plot points of the first, especially in the unexplained revival of a key character killed in the first (i.e., herbert west himself) and the apparent demise of one saved at the first film's climax (i.e., cain's girlfriend, megan halsey)...the fx work in bride of re-animator is a real mixed bag, and overall, fx fans will come away disappointed.  but one make-up worth noting is the frankenstein-ish body-suit work done for the re-animated character played by the attractive kathleen kinmont.  the exposed muscles, tissues, and organs look gruesomely realistic and should delight gore fans and necrophiliacs alike...the dvd from artisan will disappoint even the most avid fans of this dreadful sequel.  the original film was shot on 35mm film in a 1.33:1 aspect ratio, but the filmmaker's intentions were for the film to be "matted" and viewed at an aspect ratio of 1.85:1.  unfortunately, artisan caters to the couch-potato mentality and presents the film on dvd in the 1.33:1 format in which the film was shot.  while nothing is missing (it is 1.33:1 but not pan-and-scan), the film is still being presented contrary to the vision of its creators.  and on top of that, artisan doesn't offer any extra parts (i.e., bonus material)!  herbert west would be mortified
ice t fizzles.i have yet to see how ice t keeps getting roles in movies.  he is such a bad actor, and he has no screen presence.  yet he keeps cropping up in inane movies like this one.  this time he's a traitorous pilot who fakes his own death so he can resurface working for some drug or munitions lord and steal a stealth fighter to accomplish assassinations for the criminal.  he is tracked by his former co-pilot, a straight arrow guy whose marriage is floundering because he spends too much time at work?  come on, ladies..you marry a military man, you expect this.  having recently seen hot shots 1  2, this is the kind of movie those gems spoofed; this would have been better had it been a spoof.  aside from ice t's stony performance, we get wishmaster's andrew divoff with some kind of phony accent; costas mandylor huffing and puffing his way through his standard role; erika eleniak pouting in her few scenes as costas' estranged wife; and funniest of all, ghostbusters' ernie hudson as the president of the united states..it's all tastelessly dull and routine, and i give it two stars only because i finished watching it
hey, what do you want anyway?.we have a competition to see who can find the worst movie. then we watch it with a group of guys and call it "men's stupid movie night." this movie qualified, as do all of the movies by this director. it was pretty entertaining if viewed from that point of view. bad dialogue, an incomprehensible plot, innappropriate and ultra cheesy sets, lousy "acting", stolen footage from other movies, no regard of military protocol, uniforms, weapons systems, and anything that resembles a real military situation. since we invite our sons, we actually look for clean movies to mock, and this is full of gratuitous bad language, such as the scene where ice t unloads a barrage of f-bomb flak at the president of the united states. as ice t states so succinctly, "what a wasthte!" i could not agree more
typical action film; 1.5 stars.an air force pilot [ice-t] fakes his own death only to resurface as the partner of a deadly latin american arms dealer [andrew divoff]. when a stealth gets stolen and it's used to target the military, it's up to one man [costas mandylor] to stop him before it's too late. one thing that can't be denied is that this movie is boring. the action is not worth watching, the script is dumb, and the story just gets tiring after a while. ernie hudson's acting talents are once again wasted in another low-rent direct-to-video film. if you like ice-t and wanna see one of his more recent films, save your money and rent or buy ''out kold''.
leave on the quot;shelf fighterquot;.as far as ice t vehicles go this one is pretty good.  ice t gives a totally believable performance as a former rap artist desperately trying to parlay his past sucess in the music business into a career as a bad actor.  his acting is probably improving though, but who can tell?  unfortunately science cannot yet measure the miniscule improvement in his talent and amazon does not provide me with the option of anything less than one star... all that aside, ice t is not totally to blame for this movie's garbage-ness.  the script is pretty weak and the supporting cast is not very supportive.  maybe i couldn't suspend my disbelief, but in certain scenes, like all the ones where people are being stealthy, they are not stealthy, they are clearly in plain view of the people they sneak up on.  the stealth bomber featured in the film spends most of its time parked in a garage.  and when it attacks targets it certainly doesn't quot;smart bombquot; them...nor does it make any effort to go unseen.  it actually attacks in broad daylight.  i guess we are supposed to chalk that up to ice t's lack of flight experience.  bottom line: if you name your movie quot;stealth fighterquot; then by definition it should have some stealth in it.  maybe its ironic.  maybe the quality of the movie is quot;stealthyquot; making it appear as if it is without quality.  bearing that in mind i give it no stars but it gets five stars--all in stealth mode
quot;stealthquot; fighter.ice t is a air force pilot turned evil doer for hire in this action quot;thrillerquot;.  apparently on us air bases, they don't lock anything and easily allow their stealth jets to be taken.  also, the guards that are supposedly looking out for people trying to break in to the base are completely surprised, when the exact thing they are supposed to be doing happens, and allow themselves to be shot.  and where exactly did a man that feined his own death get at least 5 bank accounts all in different countries?  wouldn't it suffice just to have one swiss bank account?  apparently not for ice t.  of course in the conclusion he is ultimately spoiled by a wristwatch with no band, that can apparently counteract all the stealth features of his jet.  i would recommend this movie, but it is terrible..
stealth....terrible is movie this a.  read that first sentence if you can.  the movie is about as good as the grammar i used.  it combined many bad actors from many bad movies to combine in a wonderful exercise in...[nothing].  the plot is just completely ridiculous and unorganized.  i won't even get into it.  if you want some specific details on how bad it is check out the review above me.  i would recommend this movie to you, but it is terrible..
stealth fighter.oh my god, i can't believe they actually released this movie onto video! ...i had the dreadful misfortune of actually watching this film....thank god it was on hbo (i actually thought it was an hbo  made-for-tv movie)...anyways, this movie was sooo bad, i'm surprised that  the air force even allowed their aircraft to be photographed for this  movie..seriously..there's no plot and horrendous acting, but what can you  expect from a movie with the title quot;stealth fighterquot;?  besides  that, the movie is bad almost to the point of being funny....like the  ending, i won't ruin it or anything (wouldn't that be bad! )......just  don't bend over to pick up your beer (probably #12 by that point in the  movie) because you might miss the whole ending...it's over that quick!    one example of why this movie stinks so bad: ice-t walks onto an airforce  base...decides to meander over to a hanger, knocks down a couple of  lt;goodgt; guys that look like offensive-tackle-types...then just jumps  into a stealth fighter (that happens to have the keys in it, and is fully  gassed up)...and flies away non-chalantly....and he doesn't even rap!   anyways, might be good if you're inebriated and need a good  laugh....otherwise, avoid this like a port-a-potty at a buffet  concert...like my roommate says of this movie in the same voice as that guy  from the simpsons, quot;worst.....movie......ever! quot
has potential but runs out of steam half way through.p.s. has potential. both grace and linney are great in it, but midway through the movie loses its mystic and gets boring. it's a shame because it could've been a great movie. great acting with a bland plot
painful to watch.i am sure the original cut isn't as bad as the unrated uncut version, all i know is i kept waiting and waiting and waiting for it to end...this has got to be one of the worst films i've seen in a long, long time...the cussing was just over and over and got so redundant and stupid i thought i was in a junior high school boys locker room after ten 13 year olds had downed a couple beers each.  the bathroom type talk was just too much...it's not that the message of the story was bad, woman should be treated with respect and sex is not something to be taken lightly, it's just that being so over the top in rude and crude behavior and talk wasn't necessary to make the point.  ..anyway i don't recommend this at all, however if you must, don't watch the long version.
lets see......nope!.(2  1/2 to be exact) i have no ideal, why i've choosen to write a review on this particular movie. i'm not really a fan of comedies  after watching this i can see why. however, all in all, the film has been well made, and luckily doesn't divulge into valugarity  offensiveness like a lot of recent comedies of this sort have -well maybe a little but not a lot. the actors are all likeable - unfortuntely i can't say that with some of the characters they portray. catherine keener is one of my favorite actresses but she doesn't use her trademark sardonic wit and sarcastic humor like in a lot of her other movies (i.e. being john malkovich, your friends and neighbors) but she still manages to come away from this subversive comedy with a well likable character. ok, not to spend to much talking about this film: with all there is likable about this movie, for some reason, it just didn't gel with me. oh and by the way: i too know a few people like the character steve carell portrays in this film and you know what: they're all highly intelligent individuals. sure they lack social skills and the right relationship, but why - in this country especially - is that so fcking frown upon. if i had the choice of being a sexaholic hearthrob  a vastly intelligent person, i would choose the latter. seeya
painful movie.  i wish i skipped it..my boyfriend and i went to this movie we both hated it.  it was really pathetic.  perhaps the fact that we actually know men who are engineers and physicsts who are like this is part of it.  yeah there are people who cannot interact with women or people.  it is pathetic.  i would feel sorry for anywoman dating this man or any man like this because they lack confidence and are so hard to deal with.  low self esteem.  do you want to see a pathetic portion of the population yeah this is them there are actually people like this.  perhaps it is funny, but just do not be around one of these people in reality.  it is a painful reminder of how screwed up they are.  not all men are virgins like this man, but some might as well be because they have no clue about women.  they do not know how to open a door or hold a hand.
not what i was hoping for.i like to laugh. this really didn't do the job. i was hoping for something monty python style. it has its moments. i've seen the one guy in the sierra mist commercials and they are funnier. i've read where these guys have done some shorts and they are better. i would like to find them if possible.
terrible..oh, i get it alright.  the joke is, i thought the dvd would be funny, and it wasn't, and they got my thirty bucks!  ho ho ho!..the premise is this: two guys you've never heard of and michael ian black (the guy who says snarky things about pop culture on vh1) have seen and have enjoyed the kids in the hall.  so they steal a few of the characters from the show, and convince comedy central to give them 13 episodes.  and then magic is supposed to happen...the two guys you've never heard of are quite good at playing slow troglodytes, but michael ian black, well, he just can't quite commit to the character he's stolen from kids in the hall, and in true adam sandler/ben affleck tradition, mugs and smirks his way through painfully unfunny dialogue...the show tries to be many things.  it wants to be kids in the hall, obviously, and it also wants to be arrested development.  it'd like to be reminiscent of the office, but it'll settle for reno 911.  it is none of these shows.  if i was being kind, i'd call it performance art concocted to test the boundaries of a viewer's patience.  "how long can this go on without being funny," one asks oneself.  "surely it will be funny next episode!"..nothin' doin'...if the popular kids in your high school got together and put on a "funny skit" for a talent show, it might be something like this.  without michael ian black's involvement, it can only be better than stella...and in answer to the question posed a moment ago, this show can go on 10 episodes without being funny.  and then comedy central mercifully pulled the plug
great show, terrible dvd release.....i can not get over how many bare bones dvd releases of tv shows they're on the market, good times being the latest one.  the good news is that each show has been remasterd for great picture and sound quality.  the bad news is that there are no bonus features.  cmon now, we buy dvds to watch the bonus features so we can find out more about the cast and what it was like to work on the show.  a bare bones release like this is nothing more then lazyness on the part of the dvd makers who put this together
did not work for me....i wasn't spiritually filled with this film like other jesus' films have done for me. ..started out ok but at the end it seemed that the director wanted to finish this movie as soon as possible...i think maybe this movie was made more with human reasoning than "spiritual" reasoning. i don't like the way jesus was portrayed here, uncombed hair and sort of ripped old dress. i believe jesus was poor but he had more "presence" when he came to this world in the flesh as being the son of god...john the baptist's character looks too old for the role, bearing in mind he was only months older than jesus...ok, i could let those details pass, but then, what is mary magdalene doing with the apostles?...in the last supper?... she was one of jesus' disciples but that doesn't mean she was following jesus with the 12 apostles...the gospel of john doesn't mention if magdalene was there with the apostles during the last supper; however, matthew (26:20) and mark (14:17) does mention that; jesus was there with 12 apostles *only* so i don't see the *need* to include her at that private moment. this bothered me because this can make the assuming to some people that magdalene could have been something "more" to jesus which obviously she wasn't. anyway, to me, she wasn't there as simple as that...other than that, a good jesus film if you focus on his teachings only but not the best film for me...better films are jesus of nazareth, greatest story ever told, passion of the christ, the king of kings.
gay film at its worst.overrated; slapstick; stupid. this movie gives "gay" a black eye. don't waste your time. if you want to watch men dress like women and act like female dogs, then you will probably really love this movie. honestly, you have better things to do with your time...and there are much better gay movies out there.  try maurice or brokeback mountain
for anyone who hates women...a style over substance celebration of the drag queen mentality - if you enjoy misogynist bitchy dialogue being delivered by pantomime women, this movie is for you..elliot's love of drag queens overshadows the rest of this flimsy, contrived and lame narrative - clealry it's about getting as many shots as possble of drag queen costumes against the outback setting..it's alleged stance against homophobia and plea of acceptance of difference is trite and cringeworthy..if anything, this film reinforces negative stereotypes of gay men as nasty effeminate queens who are not to be taken serioulsy...sadly it's been embraced by the same pandering gay men who think drag queens are 'camp' and therefore funny, indicative of how off the mark they are of what defines camp (go read susan sontag boys) and how low 'gay culture' as plummeted...there are plentiful nasty jokes targeting female gentilia, and a secondary racist commentary about thai women 'entrapping' aussie men..trashy and not in a good way. a must have for no brainer gay men.
where to begin?.the numerous historical inaccurracies are already outlined in other reviews. ..political correctness and post cold war jingoism maquerading as hindsight are to blame for this farce of a war movie. some of the historic elements (like stalin's "not one step back" order, etc) are haphazardly crammed into a few opening scenes, creating an anachronistic mess. unfortunately, there aren't many soviet perspective films on stalingrad to choose from...would recommend this film to those looking for simple suspenseful -- if predictable -- entertainment with the novelty of a war movie that's not from the "usual" u.s. or german wwii perspective. would not recommend it for anyone interested in historical accuracy or complex and original plotlines
"come on and give it a go for the soviet union, eh blokes?".honestly, the only line missing from this film is:.."oy you, i shoot for the ruddy soviets too!  get them jerries, i will!" ..the actual soviet stalingrad veterans were so offended by inaccuracies in the movie and the insulting way in which the movie portrays the soviet army, that they asked the russian parliament to ban the film in russia...the acting is downright lousy as are the stupid and highly unnecessary british accents.  the stupid british kid posing as a russian spy, the stupid british guy posing as a soviet sniper...  even bob hoskins (american) throws in the fake uk accent (so irritating!)  but the ultimate laugh was when ed harris is mixing english and german together in his sentences.  just annoying altogether.  they should have done this film in soviet-era russian and third reich german, as executed so well in "downfall.".."enemy at the gates" bombed at theaters for a reason, and it is in the amazon bargain bin for a reason:  it's a stupid film...skip this one, and get "downfall" instead.  you will not be dissappointed with that film, i assure you
horrid....this is going to sound like an exaggeration...but this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen...i will admit that i didn't have high hopes for this film.  i mean, it didn't come out in theaters (at least in the u.s.), which is never a good sign, no movie store seems to have it in stock, and i read some pretty crippling reviews right here on good ol' amazon.  but hey, i gave it a shot.  boy, was that a mistake.....first of all, here's a quick synopsis: years ago, king hrothgar (stellan skarsgard) killed a troll, but took pity on the troll's son, grendel (ingvar eggert sigurosson), and left him alone.  grendel, now full-grown, is seeking revenge on hrothgar's kingdom.  hearing of hrothgar's plight, the fierce warrior beowulf (gerard butler) comes to help the king kill grendel.  along the way beowulf meets a witch/prostitute named selma (sarah polley) and discovers that trolls have feelings too...now, we all know that stellan skarsgard and gerard butler are great actors, but in this movie they fumble with a halting and painfully corny script.  the script affects the acting, and the acting affects the film...secondly, though sarah polley is a lovely actress, she seems very misplaced in this film.  she's the only character with an american accent and, in an age-old anglo-saxon myth, this is very, very out of place.  in addition, the small amount of weight that gerard butler has put on around the stomach area draws a little from his role as an unstoppable, highly-trained warrior...the battle scenes are unnecessarily gory, with fake-looking and very blood-soaked limbs flying left and right.  they seem primitive compared to the battle scenes of other films.  the scene in which beowulf fights grendel's mother is especially bad - there's lots of shrieking and strobe-light-esque movements that seem almost comical in this day and age...the only things that can be said in this movie's defense are that the sweeping iceland landscapes are breathtaking and the celtic monk (eddie marsan) is mildly-amusing in his efforts to convert everyone...1-star...please don't waste 103 minutes of your life on this film
one is too much.being bored and offended at the same time is hard to manage - but this film manages.  it is lacking in story lines and acting and i would advise anyone not to waste money buying it.  if you want to wait and rent it, then you will have invested less.  just make sure to get another film to watch after you get bored and quit with this one.
hypercube."cube 2: hypercube" is nothing compared to the original "cube". i admit, the idea of parallel universes is intriguing, but, being a sequel of the original "cube" movie, i'm not satisfied with it as the subject matter...this movie isn't really a sequel-it's pegged as a sequel, but it attempts to retell the same story that "cube" told brilliantly at first, just in a different way. but not really...the first movie, "cube," is excellent, though, and even though it just kind of...ends, as some might say, it still tells the story and conveys all the themes it needs to and, i suspect, was attempting to. this isn't really a sequel to "cube"-it's a remake. and, personally, i prefer the original...the thing about "cube" is that it doesn't step out of the reality that you and i are familiar with. because of that it is all the more terrifying. that kind of terror, this movie, "cube 2: hypercube" lacked...for fans of the original "cube," don't bother with this movie
a huge disappointment for cube fans.the first was one of the best thrillers ever, with clever suspence, good characters, decent acting and awesome effects..this one is... meh. why must you make a sequel to a huge success hit and turn the franchise into a straight-to-video series? what's the bloody point?.now there are some good parts. the rooms are pretty nice and the musice score is decent, but you know, that doesn't even save it. this movie is a annoying, pointless and downright piece of crap that only kids can easily love. it is so un-intelligent it really makes you wanna puke..the characters are nothing but cardboard cut-outs. i don't even know them well. all they do is scream, run around in the cube rooms and cannot keep their mouths shut..i also really hate the effects in this one as well. they felt like they were over-used. there is even a scene where a guy gets cut into peices and look how badly done it was..the direction is ok, but when it comes to adding wierdness, it's too much. i don't understand the story, there's a strange sex-scene which a cube movie does not need. cube is about suspence. this one is just about adding too much effects, a four-dimensional cube and trying to make itself look better than the first one. you don't need that stuff. if you wanted to make a sequel better than the first, add something original, don't take itself too seriously and make sure it stays true to the original. but no, you just had to add all this unoiriginal time crap and have alot of special effects taking over and even a sex scene which is not cool because if it's a cube movie, you don't need nudity..overall, if you wanna kill off some time by watching this crap, go ahead. i know you like watching people getting killed in unoriginal ways and watching sex scenes. if you're a fan of cube, dont' bother...acting: 3/10.ugh, don't get me started. these actors have bad acting skills and i hope they die...gore factor: 4/10.cgi gore?! come on!?..ta: 1/10.a cube movie doesn't need nudity and they don't know that because they don't know cube...direction: 7/10.andrzej sekula did have some visual eye in some parts. i did enjoy a few scenes and i dug the rooms, but you know, i can't say he's a great director. he turned the franchise with straight-to-video written all over it...bottom line: if you wanna watch, go ahead, then you'll be sorry..this movie is just sad. it doesn't try anything to impress you because it's idiotic. lets hope andrzej sekula learned his lesson and should never do a sequel to an impressive indipendent film again
dont waste your time..orginal cube was pretty good.  this one is an embarrasing waste of time for several reasons:.1.  the computer graphics look like they are from 1990.  basic looking geometrical shapes floating around don't look scary, they look like deleted scenes from the lawnmower man.  one character gets his head cut off by a rectangle-thing, but it looks like you used the eraser in windows paint to rub the head off a jpg image..2.  boring.  the original cube, although basically filmed in the same room, pulled it off by having different colored rooms, and gave the illusion they were navigating a larger structure.  this one doesn't even bother - every room is the same white, dull room.  there are no cool deaths like in the original one.  as a matter of fact, absolutely nothing happens in the first 2/3 of the movie except talking..3.  horrible, horrible, horrible acting and a equally bad script..this 'movie' seems like a 1990 sci-fi original that only airs at 2:30 am..dont watch this movie.  reading plot summaries and spoilers makes it sound much cooler than it is
just say no.i am writing this over a year after actually seeing cube 2: hypercube, because it was the first time i could stomach to remember it.  i am a hard core indie-scifi freak (well any good scifi really) and i must say this movie was a train wreck.  i couldn't believe the film makers sheer lack of understanding as to what made the original cube great- all white rooms, street clothes, time traveling canabal, i'm saying.  i considered cube to be up there with the greats (donnie darko, dark city, blah blah blah), cube 2 just cheapened it.  if you really need more cubedom see cube zero the prequel tney recently made, it's at least decent.  but to this monstrousity just say no
really very poor follow-up to the original cube..cube (the original) is fantastic, but cube 2: hypercube just doesn't measure up at all. dont bother with this one, just watch the original classic instead for a good horror/sci-fi thriller...
"so, lonestar, i see your schwartz is as big as mine!".spaceballs was a riot in theaters, but that was at age seven, when garbage pail kids and drawing on my bedroom wall in crayon were funny too. while gpks have stood the test of time, and i still, uh, decorate apartments sometimes, spaceballs has not. don't get me wrong, i like mel brooks films, blazing saddles first and foremost. even the biggest fans must concede this isn't his best work. there's only one genuinely funny joke, referenced in my title, during the duel between lonestar and dark helmet. spoofing the big budget science fiction genre should have produced a goldmine in mel's hands, but unfortunately it didn't, and we the viewers are left with a film packed with cringe inducing sight gags and failed attempts at wit. so, outside of children and jocks, (basically the same thing, no?) your humble corrospondant can't recommend this as a comedy. i'll be generous and give it two stars for nostalgia. now if you'll excuse me, i've got a portrait of giant gonzalez to finish in the hallway
0 stars.this is the biggest pile of stinky cheese from the eighties ever it is just horrible ..don't waste your time or money ..instead go to mac d and geta double cheeseburger
choose their fate.i was a fan of the first, and enjoyed the second for what it was worth.  now comes the third, and ultimately how many times can you tell this tale?  i am not interested in seeing what abstract and bizarre ways you can kill off 7 vapid teenagers.  there's a lot of "horror" flixs out there attempting to kill in the (sadly) most entertaining way.  what made the original final destination . . . well - original was the story surrounding it.  so, it has more than played its hand...what intrigues about picking up this third installment on dvd is the "choose their fate" special feature, which implies you have a chance to change the story.  i strongly advise if this is what is bringing you to this movie, you read the product descriptions carefully . . . you do not choose which characters live or die, or even which characters live or die for now.  the story you will see is essentially the same story ran in the theatres.  you simply change whether someone calls "heads" or "tails" to get the front seat on a roller coaster.  no matter which you choose, like life, the fate of the character is already predestined.
please let it be the final.final destination 3 is hopefully the final installment to this series. they have all been entertaining, gory, and clever but the charm has finally worn off for me personally. the acting has never been first rate, horror movies rarely offer oscar worthy performances. the formula has always been followed, someone gets a vision saves others from a terrible fate than one by one they all hand in their "get out of death " free card to the grim reaper. the main characters must figure out the order of death, and maybe cheat it making it skip and therefore end the cycle completely. by this third movie, it seemed to me the kill scenes were just getting a bit forced and completely unbelievable even for a supernatural causation. the tanning beds, the nail gun, the motor chopping off heads, and the exercise equipment were just off from the first two movies genius. the extra feature where you can decide their fate with your remote was a waste of time, i don't understand even putting it on there unless they really had changed some of the fates (besides the one dude with the stupid hat , which when saved just disappears and it makes no sense) i have read other reviews on here, and i have to agree with whomever pointed out that the pictures before the rollercoaster shouldn't have showed their grim fates, if they all were supposed to die on the ride, did death know she would save them? if so than that changes everything, its not really cheating death than is it? oh well, anyway, watch this if you have some free time, and if you liked the first two, its an okay , hopefully the end to this played out series.
pieces of a puzzle.ju-on the grudge is about a horrific murder that develops an un-rested spirit which rages in a small suburban house in japan.  the movie constructs itself similar to a puzzled storyline as the movie developed through numerous storylines of the varying characters.  for the most part, viewers can easily be confused in the flick, or bored, as it may seem a bit redundant.  i thought the movie was well written and interesting in theory.  in practice, the movie felt never-ending, and as it drew to a close, i felt betrayed.  the movie was unfulfilled, as it never really explained a lot of questions i held at the end.  one question that leaves me wondering is questioning whether it is a japanese custom to enter a house when no one answers.  for those interested in asian horror, try tale of two sisters.  this korean film has great cinematography and story line.  it will leave you on edge and taken back at its close.
just foolish.i heard this movie was scary so i bought it. what a waste of $20! it's silly for the most part and even though there are one or two parts that are a bit scary, the movie is just more boring than anything else...i thought the ring was scary, the grudge is just similar ideas rehashed
stick with the classic "the bad seed" instead.this must have seemed like a great idea at the time,"cast culkin against type as a killer child and show his range as an actor". the problem is his range is all the way from a to b..  this movie never explains how or why the boy turns killer and asks us to except one too many "chance" happenings. in the end all we get is this "thriller"(and i use the term very loosely)that thinks just the idea of culkin as a killer is thrilling
i wouldn't hold my breath if i were you....i seem to remember a goofy date like this on the most recent yes concert dvd, "songs from tsongas"...and that one took about a year and a half to actually show up.....on the other hand, young is finally starting to release bits of that trumpeted archive set of his, so maybe this is a legit release (coming at some point, anyway)..
2025.i don't think i'm going to be around in 2025 to give an accurate evaluation .i'f i'm still here i hope i still remember who neil young is, and i'm still rocking in the free world
is this for real?.has anyone heard of this dvd release?.it sounds very intriguing though i doubt its validity. why does the release date state december 31st 2025???? does this mean it is not real and/or will never come out
save your money.no a very good video.  poor quality.  hard to follow.  very much a cheat copy of the movie gettysburg.
absolute rubbish!.this is by far the worst dance movie i have ever watched. the characters, acting and plot lines are laughable (even for someone who usually loves cheesy dance movies) and what little dancing there is in the film is badly filmed and boring.  if it hadn't been for the hilarious 80's outfits and hairdos (especially the curly mullet sported by the lead character), i would have turned it off. if you like salsa, watch 'dance with me'
2 stars because its got that new slang garbage in it.i aint been much for these animated movies, especially that mickey mouse character. i bought this cd for my grandson because he likes these things and he's got one of them car beds, so i thought he'd like it. turned out the kid saw it with his dad already (big surprise, his dad acts like a damn 10 yr old and smokes the grass and what not) so i wasted 20 some dollars on this thing. anyway, i seen it and it aint that good. one of the cars is this country kind of fellow that can't keep his damn mind out of the gutter. you know, they should rate this things pg13 or some such. anyway ,damn wife keeps watchin it instead of playing cards so im stuck with this fox news crap and you know she dont want to play bingo. i dont know, dont buy this thing if you got good kids because theyll learn this damn new slang garbage. 2 stars because the wife likes it
the worst pixar movie ever.i consider myself a huge pixar fan. this is easily the most insipid pixar movie ever. pixar ran out of pixie dust while making this one. i have read the rave reviews and am scratching my head trying to figure what it was that they like about this movie. pixar, if you are listening, please, please, dont embarass yourself by dishing out this sort of c-grade stuff. i expect more from you
they've all lost their minds.......the reviewers, that is. this movie was painfully boring (to me; obviously many people liked it) -- just one big "who cares". everyone's memories are fake? then why should i care about any of them? certainly not the perpetually frightened-looking "hero", who does nothing but be buffeted about by the whims of an all-powerful group of aliens. oh but wait, he's all-powerful too. convenient for justifying cool special effects, but a terrible way to make an interesting story...the only possibly interesting thing here is the atmosphere -- dark, darker, and black. i guess for some people that's enough, but to me it's not, period. i liked the crow, and love blade runner and matrix. these all had interesting stories that took place within well-explained sets of rules. dark city doesn't. note to writers: if anything can happen, then i don't care. you've just written a mindless sense-fest. i might as well just close my eyes and burn myself with cigarette butts...in fact, here's an idea for a flick all these amazon reviewers should love: guy wakes up in hell. we don't know anything about him, except that he's wearing black leather. every day the devil shows up and tortures guy with some hip, cgi-based form of torture. this happens many times. one day guy, through no virtue of his own, discovers a way to kill devil, and does so. but he's still trapped in hell, which is very very dark. the end.
terrible.short cuts is a masterpiece of american film making, and for that one film alone i hold altman in high regard, but this film was just so atrocious that i couldn't bare more than 40 minutes of it...the majority of those involved in the film are fantastic actors and actresses, but they could not, try as hard as they wanted, save this absolute dud, this saturday evening post abortion...years ago, when i was in high school, in an english class, we listened to an episode or whatever of the radioshow, it was like being anally violated by a pack of rabid wolverines, so, safe to say the only reason i rented this was because of altman's involvement, which apparently was very little...i hate americana, for the most part.  i love mark twain, he was a genius, but other than that i want nothing to do with it.  the people in this film are like a group of recycled steinbeck characters, without the depth or intrigue...but, there is one fine little thing i got out of this movie, a devoted hate for garrison keillor, a total hack, with no sense of humor - it's not dry or witty, the man is not christopher guest or woddy allen, he can't write to save his life...watch this with your grandma, she'll love it  it's "down to earth, good old fashion cookin', love jesus and go to church every sunday" b.s
awful!.i hated this movie.  and i am a big "phc" fan.  this has none of the charm, emotional and spiritual depth, or clever humor of the radio program.  it feels like some well-known hollywood actors and actresses trying to pretend they're real people and not hollywood actors and actresses.  it doesn't work!  amazingly bad.  you don't care which of the characters are going to die at the end.  i was wishing they all would.  contrived and manipulative writing.  insulting to real people of faith.  lily tomlin can't sing.  garrison keillor should stick to what he does best, radio.  and we don't need to be subjected to his socio-political angle on the plot, what little there was of one.  i am insulted that critics seem to all be saying that fans of the radio show will love this movie.  it doesn't at all resemble the radio show.  i don't get people who think it does.  god rest his soul, but thank goodness robert altman won't be making any more movies this bad.
shoddy "ultimate collectors edition", get the standard edition.if i'm not mistaken, the only difference between the standard 50th anniversary edition and the "ultimate collector's edition" is..1) collectible robby the robot replica.2) forbidden planet and the invisible boy reproduction lobby cards portfolio.3) forbidden planet original theatrical poster mail-in offer.4) metal alloy collector's case ..in that case, the "ultimate collector's edition", at more than twice the price of the standard edition, is a rip-off!..the "robby the robot replica" is much smaller and much less detailed than the one depicted in the ad..the mail in offer for the "free" poster requires a $3.50 shipping and handling fee...the "metal alloy collectors case" is made of very thin metal and arrived dented.  not that it would take much to dent it...save $21.00 and buy the standard version
disappointing -- especially for the x-men fans!.if you have read (and enjoyed) any of the x-men, save your $, buy the graphic novel of the original dark phoenix saga, and pretend this movie wasn't made.  if you want to see some special effects  aren't that hung up on character development, i'd still just rent it
2 stars because its got that new slang garbage in it.i aint been much for these animated movies, especially that mickey mouse character. i bought this cd for my grandson because he likes these things and he's got one of them car beds, so i thought he'd like it. turned out the kid saw it with his dad already (big surprise, his dad acts like a damn 10 yr old and smokes the grass and what not) so i wasted 20 some dollars on this thing. anyway, i seen it and it aint that good. one of the cars is this country kind of fellow that can't keep his damn mind out of the gutter. you know, they should rate this things pg13 or some such. anyway ,damn wife keeps watchin it instead of playing cards so im stuck with this fox news crap and you know she dont want to play bingo. i dont know, dont buy this thing if you got good kids because theyll learn this damn new slang garbage. 2 stars because the wife likes it
ok film.. less than ok dvd...first off, i am a huge pixar fan. in november in '95 i took my company to see toy story and within 6 months of that showing i got rid of most of the employees that didn't like the film. i've seen every pixar film at least 5o times. nuff said...anyway, i liked the film cars.. but not as much as other pixar flicks.. its still good....however, the dvd is underwhelming: a) no commentary b) horrible deleted scenes c) not much in extras. the route 66 mini-documentary is ok though....this dvd is about as bad as the first release of a bug's life.. another skimpy release on dvd....finally, they didn't include a tribute to joe ranft.. that's a huge crime in itself.
good idea planned by soulless executives..this movie is a great example of what's wrong with too many action adventure movies these days.  the concept is great, the special effects flawless.  charlize theron is terrific in the role.  the directing is wonderful.  ..what's the problem?  they forgot that even with action movies, you still need to tell a story.  the plot has one small twist, then lies as straight as a road through montana.  it is sort of kind of a detective "uncovering the information" plot, but none of the information uncovered is surprising or even interesting...you are not told how aeon flux gets to be a super ninja babe, and she barely has time to establish herself as one before she has to start revealing her softer feminine side in the stereotypical way these movies require.  none of the characters in this movie are compeling.  they hardly show the bad guys doing bad things so you aren't really all that invested in them getting their comeuppance.  there is no real tension in the movie, there is no last minute saving of anything, and not really that much of a threat that gets overcome.  ..overall, it was a cool idea, but they should have hired some actual writers who had a sense of storytelling to do the script
not even an attempt at historical accuracy?.i really tried to come to this movie with and open mind. i'm a huge fan of jane austen and i thought the 1995 bbc miniseries actually came close to doing justice to her novel. still, i was looking foreward to seeing a new interpretation. unfortunately this one seemed to miss the point of the story. ..jane austen had a hilarious way of satarizing the social conventions and mores while being in their midst. this film ignores the social conventions altogether and therefore misses a great deal of austen's humor. for example an unmarried man and woman would never greet each other in their pajamas. a man would never visit his fiancee while she was lying sick in bed in her nightgown. when these rules of propriety are ignored by the film, how are we supposed to understand or believe that it's a big deal when lydia runs away with wickham!? another example is lady catherine. this is a woman who lives and dies by her snobbery and rigorous adherance to social conventions. yet in this film we see her barge into the bennet household in the middle of the night and wake lizzie up to ask a question that could easily waited until morning (when lady catherine wouldn't have had to get her carriage driver out of bed to drive several miles in the dark- no streetlights remember- to the bennet household) because no one adhere's to societies rigorous, and for the most part arbitrary, rules, the movie misses the opportunies to subtly wink at the audience as it laughs at such things...another weakness lies in the casting. granted these actors had big shoes to fill. colin firth and jennifer ehle seemed to embody their characters in the 1995 miniseries, but as i said, there are other ways to interpret and play the characters. unforunately here everyone seems as if they're reading lines with dramatic inflection- not acting. you can almost imagine keira knightly's script having notes saying "insert spunkiness here".  ..while the scenery is lovely, the windswept cliff and farm images seem to recollect the tortured landscape of a bronte adaptation more than a manacured austen setting. ..overall this film comes off as one big missed opportunity
the details are wrong, the big picture is inexistant.the details are all fine if you don't know the middle east - but are not well researched and inconsistent.  i won't bore you with the list.  ..all the big picture takeaway is that the middle east and big oil are a complicated business with many parties that have a big stake.  tell us something new.  ..the overall storyline does not have much else going for it - i was expecting more intrigue, a more synthesized story line.  a disappointment.
where's the light switch?.with the $70-million that was spent on the 2005 video-game-inspired film "doom", you'd think that director andrzej bartkowiak would have used better lighting so that the audience could actually see what was going on more clearly.  on second thought, given that this predictable film was little more than 100 minutes of "shoot the mutants", it's pretty clear that mr. bartkowiak may have kept the lights dim in a dismal attempt to avoid personal embarrassment.  as to the film's plot, it can be summarized in a single sentence:  a group of ber-soldiers lead by their "sarge" (played by the rock) travel to mars to stop a bunch of scientists that have inadvertently transformed themselves into flesh-eating mutants after injecting a criminal with dna recovered from ancient humanoid fossils found in a martian archaeological dig.  so, there's tons of shooting, a lot of screams, gallons of fake blood  guts being tossed about, a martian sewer and a teleportation device that looks like a small-scale version of "the sphere".  others who starred in this forgettable rubbish include karl urban (ber-soldier john grimm) and rosamund pike (as john grimm's sister named sam).  why these two actors would stoop so low as to participate in "doom" defies logic...to anyone who actually paid good money to watch this 1-star film in a theater, you have my deepest sympathy.  to anyone thinking of purchasing a copy of "doom" on dvd, please notice that there are a ton of used copies available for very a cheap price.  that alone should tell you how "good" this film is
where's the light switch?.with the $70-million that was spent on the 2005 video-game-inspired film "doom", you'd think that director andrzej bartkowiak would have used better lighting so that the audience could actually see what was going on more clearly.  on second thought, given that this predictable film was little more than 100 minutes of "shoot the mutants", it's pretty clear that mr. bartkowiak may have kept the lights dim in a dismal attempt to avoid personal embarrassment.  as to the film's plot, it can be summarized in a single sentence:  a group of ber-soldiers lead by their "sarge" (played by the rock) travel to mars to stop a bunch of scientists that have inadvertently transformed themselves into flesh-eating mutants after injecting a criminal with dna recovered from ancient humanoid fossils found in a martian archaeological dig.  so, there's tons of shooting, a lot of screams, gallons of fake blood  guts being tossed about, a martian sewer and a teleportation device that looks like a small-scale version of "the sphere".  others who starred in this forgettable rubbish include karl urban (ber-soldier john grimm) and rosamund pike (as john grimm's sister named sam).  why these two actors would stoop so low as to participate in "doom" defies logic...to anyone who actually paid good money to watch this 1-star film in a theater, you have my deepest sympathy.  to anyone thinking of purchasing a copy of "doom" on dvd, please notice that there are a ton of used copies available for very a cheap price.  that alone should tell you how "good" this film is
just talk to and play with your kids!.really less than one star!  please people, don't buy any more videos.  take your kids to the park, on a walk, read with them, play in the bathtub with them, anything.  talk to them and enjoy them and they will talk back.  no more silly baby einstiens and the rest.  how about crayons, and side walk chalk, and blocks. just be with your kids.  give them your full attention when you are there.  you don't need these viedeos and "smart" products
racist  piece of s***.anyone who buys this probably is wearing a white sheet over there head--- f*** that piece of trash michael richards -- and by the way i am white
boycott.boycott---i was going to buy all of the seinfield's dvd box sets for christmas, but i am boycotting everything that the uber racist "m. richards" is in
okay for 30 years ago, maybe.this movie is laughable today. it's very dated, and it shows. it's not worth your time. the acting is so-so, but felt forced (like william shatner style). the storyline is okay. by today's standards, it appears like a low budget flick
omg....................i love jane austen and i really enjoy period pieces. but the main character was the worst actress i have ever seen in my life. she was boring, weird, ugly, and never changed her expression. i dont kno how anyone could love her. i could barely understand what they were saying. a terrible film. i hated it.
how many times can this story be filmed?.you, me and dupree is a formula film, a template designed for teenage guys who feel the need for potty mouth, noisy, crude guy things movies.  there have been a lot of these films of late (all spinoffs of the wedding crasher image) and one wonders if there is a saturation point...relating the story is rather pointless as it is a one-line joke (?).  dupree (owen wilson playing owen wilson) is the best man at his buddy matt dillon's wedding to kate hudson (the you and me) and subsequently moves in with them, causing all manner of mayhem and bad taste and faux pas and grim situations (think toilet problems etc).  and that is it.  michael douglas was brought in to play a flat role as kate hudson's father who objects to her marriage blah blah blah. ask directors anthony and joe russo for the rest. ..we know that hudson, dillon and douglas have much better roles to offer (wilson seems to have found his niche), and the only reason films like this keep getting made is because they make money (for some reason) at the box office.  the film is silly, tacky, tired and should only be rented if the shelves in the video store are otherwise empty...   grady harp, november 06
the details are wrong, the big picture is inexistant.the details are all fine if you don't know the middle east - but are not well researched and inconsistent.  i won't bore you with the list.  ..all the big picture takeaway is that the middle east and big oil are a complicated business with many parties that have a big stake.  tell us something new.  ..the overall storyline does not have much else going for it - i was expecting more intrigue, a more synthesized story line.  a disappointment.
a lot of potential.this movie has a good plot, great acting, and potrays a very convincing relationship between a hardened young man and a girl whose combonation of strength and purity touches his heart and redirects the course of his life. i did like that they seemed to really know and understand each other, but was dissapointed in the sexual inuendos, the profanity, the undermining of parental authority, and the lack of closure concerning landon's journey to faith. it is evedent that this movie is directed to a less-than-mature-audience. i saw more bad in it than good, which is sad since it could have been such an outstanding movie
war of the worlds.i was very disappointed in this movie ~ it was a definite "sleeper"
by far....the worst movie ever made. i actually sat through the whole thing hoping it would get better. the acting was beyond awful, the story was a joke. i honestly was blown away at how terrible it was, do not waste your money or time on this movie
not what you would expect.not really that good.  it almost rests on the boring side lacking the real punch of the first one.  i think much of it has to do with the environment as it involves corporate business and the transpositions have a weaker impact on the main character because of it.  there doesn't seem to be as much dramatic force in events as they change that make you stop and think about each one as they occur, and serious meaning of how small things can affect the future...it's not that a sequel couldn't be made, but i personally would have created something more profound and less sterile than a modern stainless steel and glass setting, and placed in it a more interesting state where the viewer could immerse themself, bringing more substance in the life of each person and how they are affected.  this is what the original accomplished...if you liked the first one, this will be a disappointment, at least it was for me.  even alone without a predecessor, the story by itself is very weak.  the concept has so many possibilities that were simply not explored.  after watching this, i'm satisfied many could think of more interesting scenarios and ways to express the consequences of changing the past
she can teach but cannot dance.this dvd is great for learning the steps, and good for beginners. however the "performance" sections do not show proper technique and give poor examples of how the dances should be performed. they truly are not worth watching. ..elsa's movements in all but the flamenco are not true to form and not in the least bit fluid, they are jerky and spasmodic. i love performances and these made me nervous to watch and i felt embarrassed for her. i'm stunned that they were included and i'm questioning the professionalism of company who published this dvd
this had so much promise.who hasn't fantasized about being able to stop time, with all the fun and depraved stuff you could do? unfortunately adam sandler was not the one to do it. this movie had such promise with this topic and sandler's juvenile humor, but this turned into the old cliche of "you don't know what you have until you loose it" scenario. the movie trailer had all the funny parts of the film. this "comedy" had too much sickness, depression, sadness and death in it, and should have been advertised as such
a moving picture which does not move.consider the following facts: the entire plot of "death in venice" can be quickly summarized as follows:  famed german novelist gustav von aschenbach travels to venice, sees a beautiful polish boy named tadzio, and then dies of a broken heart without ever speaking a word to tadzio...now, i will admit that for many years, "death in venice" was among my cultural icons -- until i read some stunning thoughts by a. l. rowse, which suggested that the story itself (not the movie) was completely and utterly stupid...you see a good-looking boy and then die?..well, i'm glad that that particular proposition is not true, because i have seen millions of good-looking boys and am not dead yet!  :-)..well, let us think over rowse's thought -- that the story itself is simply stuff and nonsense, overwrought german romanticism carried to absurdity -- and then look at the movie...nothing happens.  i have already told you the plot.  it's not complicated.  so the first 30 minutes (!) are devoted to gustav von aschenbach's arrival in venice!  (is your heart pounding yet?)..the movie is, admittedly, gorgeous.  and, now that gva has actually managed to reach his hotel (45 minutes?) we get many scenes featuring ladies with grotesquely huge hats...and then...tadzio enters!  wow!  he's cute!  gva almost has a heart attack on the spot!  (as if there were no cute boys in germany, or austria...)..even worse, for those who are fans of good-looking boys: in one early scene, a gang of carousing teenagers swarms into the elevator after our great novelist gustav and our beautiful boy tadzio.  but the sub-casting director made a huge mistake, because one of the boys in that gang is much, much more attractive than the eternal female, tadzio...of course, since tadzio is essentially female, he only flirts with gustav, and never speaks to him...so gustav dies!..is this idiotic, or what
disappointing -- especially for the x-men fans!.if you have read (and enjoyed) any of the x-men, save your $, buy the graphic novel of the original dark phoenix saga, and pretend this movie wasn't made.  if you want to see some special effects  aren't that hung up on character development, i'd still just rent it
political garbage -  take a physics course instead.this is the typical micahel moore who dunnit nonsense?  it does make you think, however. a load of tripe, overall. ..this movie. guilty.  the world does not revolve around california. the me state.  all about me...no data is ever mentioned in this documentary.  btw, nimh batteries, nor any other technology is sufficient for the energy (duration) needed to run a pure ev for 300 mi.  no mention of how much this technology costs for what little it does vs. conventional alternatives.  last time i checked, this a free market and this does not compete economicaly...has anybody mentioned the cycle life of batteries?  they more you recharge and discharge the sooner you shorten the life of the batteries.  lead acid batteries need to be replaced every 3 years at a cost of ?  not mentioned.  there's a whole field of them in the back of the ev1...nimh batteries? $1500-5000 per pack.  life span? 8-10 years per calendar life, 3 years with daily use. average car life cradle to grave: 15 years.  not my problem, let's blame someone else when they are old. lithium ion? even shorter and more expensive, plus like sony's laptop batteries, explode when uncomfortable.  then you have to recycle them or will people?..how about a manual transmission car driven properly with either biofuels and driven properly? enviros are too lazy to learn the whole picture and understand physics and learn how to drive properly and efficiently like europeans do.  the automatic transmission throws away 8% efficiency off the engine power because it is not direct drive.  the cvt wastes the same at highway speeds.  a prius would be more efficient if it was a manual clutch gearbox, but greenies are too lazy to learn how to drive properly and efficiently.  they want a remote control and the ability to blame the manufacturer when it does not get 50 mpg...why on earth would the oil companies not support a business model that makes them sustainable?  electric does not do that.  why would they support it?  common sense.  do you really expect otherwise?..does the car industry see a business model that can make them money even with economies of scale.  no, not until battery technology improves...an automatic volvo gets the same mileage as an suv, are these attacked? no.  what's the difference, both are owned by smug, wasteful people.  oh, one had good intentions that don't matter...daytime running lights waste fuel, are annoying to other drivers, have absolutely no quantified benefit through any study that was not funded by safety activists, car companies, or lighting manufacturers.  in fact, they are proven to increase safety issues, as they distract drivers focal points.  are there any efforts against this? no, this movie is worried too much about intentions rather than actions...no mention of ethanol and biofuels and their benefits and issues. too convenient...get a clue then make a movie...a good example of people will believe anything from hollywood...btw, i drive fuel efficient cars and find most of the automotive greenness to be uneducated.  take a skip barber course and learn how to drive, before pontificating
not funny.don't waste your time on this "movie" unless you take stupid for funny
a few laughs but an overall dissapointment.stranger with candy was a good tv show but didnt translate well into a movie.    the story line was stupid like the show but stupid is the word to remember here, not funny.  the movie was a bit painful to sit through and felt like it dragged on about an hour too long.  it was cool that they got a lot of the original cast to rejoin for the movie, but the magic just wasnt there
i know where to get real originals.these dvd's are a joke. if you want the original full length movies on dvd go on ebay. you will find versions copied from laserdisc. they are in widescreen, digital quality, original audio and full length. they are superior to the old vhs copies and much better then these new dvd's...viva la revolution.........
save thyself, do not even rent this joke of a history retelling.i can make fun of this without mercy because everyone involved with the project made a billion dollars.  ok, the person who you thought was your grandfater, is not your grandfather, the holy grail, was not a grail, ?!?, the real grail was in janitor's closet in england.  i'm not making this up.  actually no, the real, real grail, is underneath a tourist attraction in paris, throw in an albino, and some catholic priests who attack people other then young boys and presto changeo whammo bammo, you have the davinci code.orrr   just call it "dogma meets jfk" only with more conspiracies.
based on conspiracy theories rather than historical evidence.in a very convoluted plot, harvard professor robert langdon (tom hanks) and cryptologist sophie neveu(audrey tautou) are chased through the streets of paris and london by the french police and a crazed religious fanatic named silas. it's your typical hollywood action-thriller in most respects. yes, it's silly and unrealistic. but if that's all there were to it i might go along with the "it's only a movie" argument. ..unfortunately, this movie is also full of ideas, ridiculous ideas that run counter to the historical facts. as an atheist, i certainly have no problem that the movie brings up some of the darker moments in christian history. for example, the inquisition, the witch burnings and the crusades are all mentioned. yet these actual historical events are only brushed over. instead the movie focuses on making up some bizarre conspiracy theory that the catholic church is involved in a grand cover-up to prevent the public from knowing the truth about christianity. for example, it states that not only were jesus and mary magdalene married and had children but that their bloodline has continued to the present day. they also portray a secret catholic society that is involved in murder plots, strange sexual rituals and all manner of evil activities. it's completely fair to challenge the church on its grave errors. for example, the shameful inquisition involved the murder and tortue of many innocent people. i also disagree with the vatican's present opposition to legal abortion and birth control. however, the sort of ridiculous conspiracy theory that this movie suggests is the worst sort of anti-catholic bigotry. it's also dangerous to society as a whole as demonstrated by how similar lies and falsehoods have been historically used against jews to justify brutal acts of anti-semitism, including the holocaust. no, i don't think it's likely that the "da vinci code" will lead to the mass execution of catholics. but any time a particular group is scapegoated it's a potential source of trouble. ..basically, "the da vinci code" is a bunch of mumbo jumbo, distorted information and flat out lies that are not supported by the evidence. but, unfortunately, as p.t. barnum said, "there's a sucker born every minute," and some people are going to believe this nonsense. history is a complex subject and i have no respect for people, whether they be the book's writer, dan brown, or the film's director, ron howard, who play fast and loose with the truth in order to make a buck. this is garbage. don't waste your time
read the book instead..the violence in this movie was deeply disturbing and unnecessary. the way it was done was unnecessary. the car crash scene was unnecessary. setting that scene up with a moment of such tenderness and drawing the audience in that way then slamming them with that scene was an act of cruelty and violence in and of itself. i was physically shaken and felt deeply betrayed by this. i didn't finish the movie. i doubt that i'll ever trust ron howard again. the book's violence was incidental to the story. the violence in the movie was almost savored. as an artist, i'm keenly aware of the bond of trust between an artist and his/her viewer. i consider it a sacred bond and never break it with my own art. while the movie was technically excellent, it simply betrayed the artist/viewer bond. beyond that, it had no soul. there was no conviction in the presentation. it was rather like a picture of gourmet meal instead of the meal itself. pretty to look at, but no flavor and not what one expected of a cast and crew of such sterling credentials...read the book instead. it won't hurt you like this movie will. if this review helps one person to avoid the kind of shock that i received, it will have been worth writing. not everyone in the world is completely de-sensitized yet. there are people left who will be hurt by this kind of visual violence
by far....the worst movie ever made. i actually sat through the whole thing hoping it would get better. the acting was beyond awful, the story was a joke. i honestly was blown away at how terrible it was, do not waste your money or time on this movie
such a sad way to end the series....i fell in love with the anne of green gables series when someone loaned us the first movie.  i immediately went out and bought the books and found the 2nd movie that sullivan made.  the first two movies were outstanding and did an excellent job of telling montgomery's story of anne...like many other fans of anne, i anxiously awaited the third movie, hoping to see the marriage of anne and gilbert and the beginning of their married life and the starting of their family.  there is wonderful drama in the books of this period of their lives.  i thought, too, that a final movie would be very successful if it dealt with the wartime drama situated around anne  gilbert's oldest daughter, rilla...what sullivan presented, however, after two wonderful movies, was not only a desecration of montgomery's writings, but also just a bad movie.  if you have recently discovered anne of green gables and love these tremendous stories, i strongly recommend that you buy the first two movies.  by staying close to the text, sullivan managed to deliver two incredible movies, and meegan follows is simply incredible.  ..based upon sullivan's commentary's in the movies, however, we should consider ourselves lucky he got these movies right, because he really doesn't seem to "get" what makes montgomery's stories so wonderful.  this is even more apparent with the 3rd movie, which i can only guess sullivan put out there to try and make some extra money.  first of all, it has nothing to do with montgomery's actual stories.  sullivan should have kept to directing and left story telling to montgomery.  second, the movie is just bad.  it was a couple of hours that, unfortunately, i'll never get back again...as other reviewers have commented, i own the first two movies and love to watch them with my family.  they are *perfect* family movies with incredible stories and superb acting.  the last movie shouldn't even be considered part of the story.  it's bad.  don't waste any money on it
great panoramas. repugnant story..i do not like movies or stories where people get in trouble by doing things they know they should not do. i like them even less when they hurt innocent people by doing things they know they should not do...summary: two people use their lust for each other as an excuse to fall down on their jobs, break commitments they make to their spouses, and hurt people they love, but their long-lasting love for each other helps them avoid depression...if these two people had been a man and a woman, this would be just another adultery movie. but because this is a mainstream movie about gays, it shocks people into ignoring the fundamental theme of abuse. if two lovers make the mistake of marrying other people, they should either live with the mistake, or get a divorce (preferably before having children). they should not punish their spouses and children for their mistake...[...]...other people obviously enjoy watching stories of abusers. i don't
you're gonna hate me but i think arnold suck..i would often rush to see all arnold schwarzenegger films, i adore his bad acting "it must be the muscles" i was 10 year old and he was the bomb now his movies now gives me a pain in my stomach and i start to twitch, i can't believe how terrible an actor this man was "is"  and all the money he made doing these unrealistic bull crap, wow! talk about the american dream, i admit there are some of his movies i would have to rate a classic but however this one really sucks maybe it was the time,trend, maybe the era, but i have come a long way and this guy is a difinite no! no! for me, this movie had it's moments! for a 8 year old maybe! for an adult you have to have a strong stomach, you i would never say this about bruce willis mybe i am a hypocrite or maybe he just an good actor duh! i couldn't care less do with this what you will i won't recommend it later folks
how to make a good story boring.watching this movie, i am struck by how effectively they can take one of the most interesting and exciting stories possible, and make it drag out on the screen.  the disappointment at the pacing of such great subject matter holds no bounds.  watching this moving is almost embarassing knowing how good this could and should be, and how poor direction, and what seems like a script which does injustice to pacing and drama can wreck what should be greatness.  i won't even go into historical inaccuracies, or the completely ridiculous cover art showing a modern beretta as the pistol sidearm 40 years too early.  makes me wonder if this movie was crafted with apathy towards the subject, the audience and history instead of respect
if you like the stage production, you will be disappointed!.i was very disappointed. the acting by the principles was fine, but i think the only thing that saved this movie for me was the choreography by bob fosse. i think what really turned me off was the omission of a few great songs. the following tunes from the original show were left out - near to you, we've got to think about the game, a man doesn't know. and applegate's tune, the good old days, was abridged. a new tune, there's something about an empty chair, was added to replace near to you, but it was very weak. i wish someone would remake this wonderful show as they've done recently with music man and bye bye birdie
daytime concerts are lame.5 stars on cream reunion dvd/cd, and eric does a great job here, but............i just hate daytime concerts, something about the lights at a show and having everything dark and just focusing on the band is what its all about.   i just have always refused to see day shows.   yes i have tried, just to much going on around you to see it takes away big time from the show...plus i hate having a few brews in the day, then i will burnout and crash, sun and beer dont mix.   ..pure and simple.  .. i dont care if srv came back from the dead, if so he better play at night ..zz top are old ..robert randolf is like a record stuck on broken, the whole show..only one song of doyle bramhall ii?!  duh
the squatter as hero.in terms of both format and style - and despite its superficially modernist tendencies - "rent" has its roots firmly planted in the grand old operatic tradition.  yet, it suffers from the weakness common to most modern musicals in which the characters sing virtually nonstop throughout the entire production - which is that it makes it hard for the audience to connect with the characters.  in more traditional musicals, the long stretches of spoken exposition between song-and-dance sequences serve as an opportunity for the audience to get to know the characters as recognizable, flesh-and-blood human beings.  this is less of a problem with a florid romantic fantasy like "phantom of the opera," which seems a natural for this type of approach, but with material like "rent," which is small in scale and intimate in scope, the constant singing serves as a distancing device for the audience.  i know that this play (and, perhaps now, even the movie) has generated a passionately loyal fan base who considers "rent" practically sacrosanct and therefore beyond criticism, but to someone, like myself, coming cold to the work, "rent" adds up to much less than the sum of its parts...the story, a modern day update of "la boheme" set in greenwich village, starts on christmas eve, 1989, and ends on christmas eve, 1990.  this was at the height of the aids epidemic, and, indeed, many of the film's characters - primarily gay men and former junkies - are struggling with the disease (aids being the modern equivalent of the consumption used in the original story).  there's also a wheezy subplot involving a real estate company that wants to evict the starving artists (one is tempted to call them "deadbeats") from a building in order to further their diabolical scheme of re-developing a city block..."rent" - with its noble "performance artists" doing battle against the big bad corporate bullies - feels less like a relic from the `80's than one from the `60's.  though intended to be the heroes of the piece, the artists and bohemians often come across as nave, painfully self-absorbed, and annoyingly self-righteous, an attitude epitomized by one of the characters rigging a local atm machine so that his buddies can withdraw unlimited amounts of money from it using his dead boyfriend's name (the heavily allegorical "angel") as the password (this is somehow supposed to be seen as admirable and a tribute to the spirit of the dead man).  anything`s better than actually working, i suppose, and becoming a tool of corporate america.  when one of the men finally takes a dreaded "job" ( a mere sinecure, i might add) so that he can actually pay the rent he owes (horrors!), he acts as if he is selling his soul to satan, and has to have two of his lady friends accompany him to the interview for moral support and to offer him assurances that he will still be able to live with himself even after he has soiled his hands with the dirty mammon from an honest-to-god paycheck.  i wonder why it never occurs to any of these characters that the capitalist system they loathe so deeply is also helping to produce drugs that will one day lead to a possible cure for the disease that afflicts them. ..with the exception of newcomer rosario dawson, the filmmakers have retained most of the original broadway cast members for the movie, and even though their acting isn't all that impressive, some of them do very well indeed at singing and dancing.   in his direction, chris columbus has broken away from the confines of the original production, but he never manages to bring us into the world of the people we're watching.  despite the constantly tracking - sometimes even spinning - camera he has chosen to employ, the film still feels stagy, over-stylized and artificial in almost every scene.  ..as to the libretto by the late jonathon larsen, only one tune strikes me as truly memorable, while the rest all sound like repetitive musical doodling.  one of the problems, too, with having so much of the conversation sung rather than spoken is that the lines are sometimes so utilitarian, pedestrian and prosaic - when they aren't pseudo-intellectual drivel on the order of "the opposite of war isn't peace; it's creation" - that they become unintentionally funny when set to music.  it's not for nothing that the sharks and the jets didn't actually sing out most of their confrontations.  ..there are, admittedly, some very moving passages in the last half hour of the film as the disease finally begins taking its grim toll on several of the characters, but those moments of quality are completely undercut by one of the silliest copout endings i have ever seen in a motion picture.  in that one crucial moment, the movie descends to the level of low comedy and farce, taking any pretensions to seriousness right down the drain with it. ..i don`t question for a moment the basic humanity and sincerity of the people responsible for "rent" (or of its many devoted followers), but it`s hard to get too worked up over a story whose premise seems to be that people - especially "sensitive" artists - should be allowed to live on other people`s properties for free
2 stars because its got that new slang garbage in it.i aint been much for these animated movies, especially that mickey mouse character. i bought this cd for my grandson because he likes these things and he's got one of them car beds, so i thought he'd like it. turned out the kid saw it with his dad already (big surprise, his dad acts like a damn 10 yr old and smokes the grass and what not) so i wasted 20 some dollars on this thing. anyway, i seen it and it aint that good. one of the cars is this country kind of fellow that can't keep his damn mind out of the gutter. you know, they should rate this things pg13 or some such. anyway ,damn wife keeps watchin it instead of playing cards so im stuck with this fox news crap and you know she dont want to play bingo. i dont know, dont buy this thing if you got good kids because theyll learn this damn new slang garbage. 2 stars because the wife likes it
save thyself, do not even rent this joke of a history retelling.i can make fun of this without mercy because everyone involved with the project made a billion dollars.  ok, the person who you thought was your grandfater, is not your grandfather, the holy grail, was not a grail, ?!?, the real grail was in janitor's closet in england.  i'm not making this up.  actually no, the real, real grail, is underneath a tourist attraction in paris, throw in an albino, and some catholic priests who attack people other then young boys and presto changeo whammo bammo, you have the davinci code.orrr   just call it "dogma meets jfk" only with more conspiracies.
based on conspiracy theories rather than historical evidence.in a very convoluted plot, harvard professor robert langdon (tom hanks) and cryptologist sophie neveu(audrey tautou) are chased through the streets of paris and london by the french police and a crazed religious fanatic named silas. it's your typical hollywood action-thriller in most respects. yes, it's silly and unrealistic. but if that's all there were to it i might go along with the "it's only a movie" argument. ..unfortunately, this movie is also full of ideas, ridiculous ideas that run counter to the historical facts. as an atheist, i certainly have no problem that the movie brings up some of the darker moments in christian history. for example, the inquisition, the witch burnings and the crusades are all mentioned. yet these actual historical events are only brushed over. instead the movie focuses on making up some bizarre conspiracy theory that the catholic church is involved in a grand cover-up to prevent the public from knowing the truth about christianity. for example, it states that not only were jesus and mary magdalene married and had children but that their bloodline has continued to the present day. they also portray a secret catholic society that is involved in murder plots, strange sexual rituals and all manner of evil activities. it's completely fair to challenge the church on its grave errors. for example, the shameful inquisition involved the murder and tortue of many innocent people. i also disagree with the vatican's present opposition to legal abortion and birth control. however, the sort of ridiculous conspiracy theory that this movie suggests is the worst sort of anti-catholic bigotry. it's also dangerous to society as a whole as demonstrated by how similar lies and falsehoods have been historically used against jews to justify brutal acts of anti-semitism, including the holocaust. no, i don't think it's likely that the "da vinci code" will lead to the mass execution of catholics. but any time a particular group is scapegoated it's a potential source of trouble. ..basically, "the da vinci code" is a bunch of mumbo jumbo, distorted information and flat out lies that are not supported by the evidence. but, unfortunately, as p.t. barnum said, "there's a sucker born every minute," and some people are going to believe this nonsense. history is a complex subject and i have no respect for people, whether they be the book's writer, dan brown, or the film's director, ron howard, who play fast and loose with the truth in order to make a buck. this is garbage. don't waste your time
read the book instead..the violence in this movie was deeply disturbing and unnecessary. the way it was done was unnecessary. the car crash scene was unnecessary. setting that scene up with a moment of such tenderness and drawing the audience in that way then slamming them with that scene was an act of cruelty and violence in and of itself. i was physically shaken and felt deeply betrayed by this. i didn't finish the movie. i doubt that i'll ever trust ron howard again. the book's violence was incidental to the story. the violence in the movie was almost savored. as an artist, i'm keenly aware of the bond of trust between an artist and his/her viewer. i consider it a sacred bond and never break it with my own art. while the movie was technically excellent, it simply betrayed the artist/viewer bond. beyond that, it had no soul. there was no conviction in the presentation. it was rather like a picture of gourmet meal instead of the meal itself. pretty to look at, but no flavor and not what one expected of a cast and crew of such sterling credentials...read the book instead. it won't hurt you like this movie will. if this review helps one person to avoid the kind of shock that i received, it will have been worth writing. not everyone in the world is completely de-sensitized yet. there are people left who will be hurt by this kind of visual violence
things i learned from watching this movie..i learned quite a few interesting things about life from this movie.  this movie seemed to have quite a lot of plot holes.  anyway, here is what i learnt about the world from this movie - ..1) the yakuza (they play the bad guys in this movie) have nothing better to do than race cars...2) if you are a car racer, you will never have to do jail time for any crimes you commit. ..3) if you cannot drive at top speed and make hairpin turns through a car park without crashing into something, you are a loser...4) only gorgeous girls and guys with perfect bodies can drift...5) everyone in the school is either rich, gorgeous or a gangster...6) it is perfectly okay to offer your car to a total stranger in a race - just to see what he's made of...7) even if you get in a race containing three cars and drive at top speed through a full city, and end up killing someone, then the police will do nothing about it...8) if you are beautiful and blonde, it is a good idea to offer yourself up as the prize for a race, so your boyfriend gets involved in a race with another guy and almost kills all three of you...9) it is an even better idea to scream at your boyfriend that he doesn't love you when he is neck-and-neck with another car, so that he rams into the other car on purpose...10) if you walk away from a fight, you are a loser.
unbelievable!!!!  i am so upset i can't even begin......i have watched m*a*s*h since the mid-70's when i was old enough to begin following the show.  during middle school and high school, i got to see it twice a day, and 3 times on mondays. i even drove my mother crazy watching it every night from 10:30 to 11 on school nights...when the first m*a*s*h box came out, i had it the very same day - as i have purchased each box-with no goodies or interviews included in any one of them...now they come out with the entire show from beginning to end with all the extras after i've already spent more than $350!!!!  first of all, i can't afford another $200, and why should i since i've already purchased all the other boxes!!!!!!!!!!!!..i'm so pissed at the company -  how could they do this to their consumers.  they must know that there are m*a*s*h fans out there who would have wanted these extras included...  ..how greedy can you be?..i'm just so upset.  i hope there is a big boycott against the company (fox) that decided to rip off their customers...i will never buy another dvd from this company - and my husband and i are big collectors!..susan vilar.manuel vilar.currently living in oklahom
a little good, mostly bad....i had seen scenes from this flick on ifc, so i finally decided to watch the whole thing.  while there are a few plusses, there are many more minuses.  there was some really good production design here, the cinematography was good, and there are some funny moments (one of the killers has a shirt on saying "cheap halloween costume", and there's a poster for a missing dog head).  the performances by the 2 cops (in one scene anyway) are actually pretty good.  i think this has to do more with the 2 actors than zombie's directorial skills.  now the bad.  one reviewer has noted that essentially this is a remake of the texas chainsaw massacre, except nowhere near as good (or intense).  first of all, you don't really give a damn about the victims here (2 couples who seem to despise each other).  they're really obnoxious and stupid at the beginning, and after they get abducted, tortured, and killed, you don't really care.  there are so many references to other horror films (and some blatant ripoffs, especially of chainsaw) that it seems like a cover version rather than an original film.  the acting is obnoxious and pretty bad, except for the 2 cops.  but even their performances are strange.  they are only in 2 scenes.  they are absolute jerks in their first scene, but in their second scene, they show some depth and are sincere.  i think that's indictative of the movie.  sometimes it seems it wants to be funny, other times horrific.  of course, there's no real explanation to the actual "house of 1000 corpses" that one of the girls gets thrown into at the end of the film.  zombie wasn't trying to be ambiguous or anything.  it just doesn't make a damn bit of sense.  and the ending sucks.  it seems that they just did it to give it a lame twist ending.  there are many plot holes (after the police are killed, there are no cops that follow up on it.  there would be in real life).  overall, it's a pretty stupid film.
not enough laughs...too many yawns.30 minutes into the movie, i was picking my toes and making shadow puppets; decided that was more interesting and turn movie off...nuff said!
harry potter and the goblet of fire.i too purchased the target $3.98 copyand found it to be missing so much of the orginal movie that i am returning it.  i reviewed the box it came in yet there is no mention of a 'cut' version.  shame on target for passing this off as the movie without notifying customers of the cut verion
lame.i wish someone had warned me -- as i'm about to warn you -- just how lame this movie is.  a low-key, though stylish, story about a mismatched couple whose relationship implodes, this movie finds a tenuous comedic premise in the idea that neither of the ex-lovers is willing to move out of their jointly-owned condominium, and thus are present to torture each other day after day.  she brings home cute guys to make him jealous, he retaliates by throwing sleazy strip-poker parties, and so on. ..there are a lot of factors that make this such a lame movie.  in terms of the overall structure, the decision to go straight at the beginning of the movie into the big fight that ends their relationship sinks this story right from the start.  we never see them as a happy couple, and never understand why they were attracted to each other, why they were pulled apart, etc.  in short, there's no character development, and no buy-in from the audience -- we just don't care about either of them.  that's a big drawback.  also, there's no real chemistry between anniston and vaughan, and meanwhile the script and pacing are both rather slack... nothing really clicks here -- the story, the acting, the direction, all blah...that being said, it wasn't until the very end of the movie that i realized that what the directors were aiming for was a woody allen-style character study, a serious film.  the first inkling comes when vaughan delivers his big, serious, take-me-back monologue (which was painful to watch; he was woefully miscast) and the clincher comes in the final scene, where the two ex-lovers meet a year later and have an awkward, um-hi-how-are-you conversation, ala woody and/or robert altman.  in the context of the lifeless film that precedes it, the scene is a dramatic flop (although both actors do reasonably well in the scene itself...) ohhhhhhhh... so that's what they were aiming for!  i get it.  too bad it didn't work...anyway, the short version is: skip this film.  it's a waste of time...nice set design, though, and strong cinematography
unimpressed.i only caught the 2nd half of this movie on tv last night so can't comment on the movie as a whole except to say that i am no fan of ludicrous caper movies.  but i must point out that the scene near the end where julia roberts runs up to george clooney as he's being led away by the cops is totally stolen from the final scene of "green card" (andie mccowell  gerard depardieu) and it's not done nearly as well, either.  don't want anyone to think that got past me
the details are wrong, the big picture is inexistant.the details are all fine if you don't know the middle east - but are not well researched and inconsistent.  i won't bore you with the list.  ..all the big picture takeaway is that the middle east and big oil are a complicated business with many parties that have a big stake.  tell us something new.  ..the overall storyline does not have much else going for it - i was expecting more intrigue, a more synthesized story line.  a disappointment.
harry potter and the goblet of fire.i too purchased the target $3.98 copyand found it to be missing so much of the orginal movie that i am returning it.  i reviewed the box it came in yet there is no mention of a 'cut' version.  shame on target for passing this off as the movie without notifying customers of the cut verion
shoddy "ultimate collectors edition", get the standard edition.if i'm not mistaken, the only difference between the standard 50th anniversary edition and the "ultimate collector's edition" is..1) collectible robby the robot replica.2) forbidden planet and the invisible boy reproduction lobby cards portfolio.3) forbidden planet original theatrical poster mail-in offer.4) metal alloy collector's case ..in that case, the "ultimate collector's edition", at more than twice the price of the standard edition, is a rip-off!..the "robby the robot replica" is much smaller and much less detailed than the one depicted in the ad..the mail in offer for the "free" poster requires a $3.50 shipping and handling fee...the "metal alloy collectors case" is made of very thin metal and arrived dented.  not that it would take much to dent it...save $21.00 and buy the standard version
save thyself, do not even rent this joke of a history retelling.i can make fun of this without mercy because everyone involved with the project made a billion dollars.  ok, the person who you thought was your grandfater, is not your grandfather, the holy grail, was not a grail, ?!?, the real grail was in janitor's closet in england.  i'm not making this up.  actually no, the real, real grail, is underneath a tourist attraction in paris, throw in an albino, and some catholic priests who attack people other then young boys and presto changeo whammo bammo, you have the davinci code.orrr   just call it "dogma meets jfk" only with more conspiracies.
based on conspiracy theories rather than historical evidence.in a very convoluted plot, harvard professor robert langdon (tom hanks) and cryptologist sophie neveu(audrey tautou) are chased through the streets of paris and london by the french police and a crazed religious fanatic named silas. it's your typical hollywood action-thriller in most respects. yes, it's silly and unrealistic. but if that's all there were to it i might go along with the "it's only a movie" argument. ..unfortunately, this movie is also full of ideas, ridiculous ideas that run counter to the historical facts. as an atheist, i certainly have no problem that the movie brings up some of the darker moments in christian history. for example, the inquisition, the witch burnings and the crusades are all mentioned. yet these actual historical events are only brushed over. instead the movie focuses on making up some bizarre conspiracy theory that the catholic church is involved in a grand cover-up to prevent the public from knowing the truth about christianity. for example, it states that not only were jesus and mary magdalene married and had children but that their bloodline has continued to the present day. they also portray a secret catholic society that is involved in murder plots, strange sexual rituals and all manner of evil activities. it's completely fair to challenge the church on its grave errors. for example, the shameful inquisition involved the murder and tortue of many innocent people. i also disagree with the vatican's present opposition to legal abortion and birth control. however, the sort of ridiculous conspiracy theory that this movie suggests is the worst sort of anti-catholic bigotry. it's also dangerous to society as a whole as demonstrated by how similar lies and falsehoods have been historically used against jews to justify brutal acts of anti-semitism, including the holocaust. no, i don't think it's likely that the "da vinci code" will lead to the mass execution of catholics. but any time a particular group is scapegoated it's a potential source of trouble. ..basically, "the da vinci code" is a bunch of mumbo jumbo, distorted information and flat out lies that are not supported by the evidence. but, unfortunately, as p.t. barnum said, "there's a sucker born every minute," and some people are going to believe this nonsense. history is a complex subject and i have no respect for people, whether they be the book's writer, dan brown, or the film's director, ron howard, who play fast and loose with the truth in order to make a buck. this is garbage. don't waste your time
read the book.this really isnt a bad movie if you havent read the book, if you have read the book then think of this as another story based on the same subject. i understand that a book to movie will leave certain things out, and i accept that, but to completely change the ending is not excusable. what was wrong with the way the book ended? like i said if you havent read the book you will like this movie although they do solve these very complex puzzles after a glance at them(even though they hide a very very valuable secret that will change the world). if you havent read the book or seen the movie do yourself a favor and pick up a copy, its a better story and its cheaper if bought in the paperback, if you dont have time to read it then get it on audio disk or tape
read the book instead..the violence in this movie was deeply disturbing and unnecessary. the way it was done was unnecessary. the car crash scene was unnecessary. setting that scene up with a moment of such tenderness and drawing the audience in that way then slamming them with that scene was an act of cruelty and violence in and of itself. i was physically shaken and felt deeply betrayed by this. i didn't finish the movie. i doubt that i'll ever trust ron howard again. the book's violence was incidental to the story. the violence in the movie was almost savored. as an artist, i'm keenly aware of the bond of trust between an artist and his/her viewer. i consider it a sacred bond and never break it with my own art. while the movie was technically excellent, it simply betrayed the artist/viewer bond. beyond that, it had no soul. there was no conviction in the presentation. it was rather like a picture of gourmet meal instead of the meal itself. pretty to look at, but no flavor and not what one expected of a cast and crew of such sterling credentials...read the book instead. it won't hurt you like this movie will. if this review helps one person to avoid the kind of shock that i received, it will have been worth writing. not everyone in the world is completely de-sensitized yet. there are people left who will be hurt by this kind of visual violence
nice to look at is all.beautiful scenery, nice costumes, great acting, and handsome people, without a good storyline do not a great movie make
audiophile? videophile?.sometimes you bought a dvd hoping a great sound..sometimens you ger some dvd hoping a great hi rez image..in this one i hope for both and i didn't get none..boring, easy listening, fully marketing oriented..the image is too lighting..forget about it
oh, those poor racists lost their slaves, how sad!.(1) scarlett o'hara is the least likable "heroine" i've ever seen. she has no redeeming qualities..(2) we're supposed to sympathize with the south and feel nostalgia for the good old days when white folks could own black folks?.(3) this movie is way too long and dull..(4) i'm glad they burned atlanta to the ground..(5) there was nothing honorable or respectable about the old south and the plantation way of the life. the "gentlemen" were nothing but racists who thought they were aristocrats because blacks did all their work for them..(6) i'd rather watch "mandingo" than this racist garbage any day of the week
where's the maharishi when you need him?.i thought, since this was a criterion collection flick, that it was gonna be a psychedelic, spaced-out trip through india with heavy ravi shankar music, incense, and flower children with bells and long hair trying to "find themselves". it was about as far away from that as anyone could get, but it was weird nonetheless. basically, it's the story of a bunch of rich white people living in india on some sort of plantation, far from the everyday realities of india itself in their luxurious palace. when i found out the plot i was immediately turned off, because i hate movies about rich white people, especially when they slum around in foreign countries ripping off the local economy through some sort of corporate pseudo-slave labor arrangement, sitting back on their plantations acting all sophisticated in white linen clothing...so anyway, the movie centers on this one white chick, harriet, and she is ugly. good grief, can she peel the paint off a wall. anyhow, she's living on this plantation with her ritzy family and her one very bizarre younger brother who likes to play with his lizard or something. all of a sudden, some rich white heart-throb guy named captain john shows up and suddenly harriet gets it, her first crush, and she discovers something besides bad poetry and horses. she first visits him while he is at her neighbor's house, which strikes me as a weird sort of sexual harem because the neighbor's wife died and ever since then the neighbor apparently has the hots for a pre-pubescent indian girl. (ah, the elegance of foreign lands, where there are no child exploitation laws.)..anyway, captain john is an american, a sleazy bohemian type that looks like a cross between harry chapin and eraserhead. he smokes cigarettes in a very sexual manner while galavanting around town in tommy bahama clothing. harriet invites him to a party at their ritzy family house (called "the big house", go figure) and after she flirts with him non-stop, he decides to go for harriet's sister, valerie, who looks like an impish meryl streep with a bad nose job. so, jilted by captain john for her own sister, harriet decides to stalk him all over the stereotypical "indian village" where we see all sorts of truly indian things like cobra-charming and a marketplace where you can buy tapestries made by children enslaved in sweatshops all over india. what i noticed at this point is that captain john looks about 30, and harriet's like 15, but even though he's fascinated with her in a quasi-sexual way, he plays hard-to-get. in a sad development, harriet says "i have decided to conquer him", and attempts to seduce him by reading her bad poetry, which seems to amuse him, like, "wow, i've got a 15 year-old rich white chick who thinks i'm the man". but the best part is that valerie, who we've come to totally despise for being the ego princess from hell, steals harriet's diary and reads it aloud to captain john (which, of course contains bad love poetry about him). so the two sisters get in an all out brawl right in front of this guy, and he intervenes to cop a feel with both of them while "breaking it up". harriet then storms off, which causes captain john to think valerie is a bitch for reading the diary. so valerie then "plays" with him by throwing a toy at him, which causes him to tear his hamstring, and he limps off in a hilarious scene, vowing never to hang out with her again. ..at this point, the movie turns really, really strange. suffice to say a third girl gets involved, and good ol' captain john starts spreading himself a little too thin, keeping 3 juvenile girls hanging as he tries to figure out which one to pop first. however, tragedy strikes as valerie  harriet's brother (the one with the lizard fetish) gets a little too close to a pet cobra. the sad outcome gives everyone a big wake-up-call, and everyone gets real moody. the final outcome is an anti-climactic scene where harriet resumes her poetry-writing in a funk about failing to seduce a 30-year-old...this flick wouldn't be so bad if it weren't for the archaic screenplay, atrocious acting (even for 1950), and dull character development. i mean, it tries hard to be really "indian", but it's about as indian as a trip to the bombay company or pier 1. most annoyingly, the movie itself would be no more than a half-hour in length if it weren't padded with very bizarre national geographic-style narrations about indian culture, complete with some british voice-over chick that makes it seem like a 3rd grade social studies filmstrip. (at times i was waiting for the little "beep" to indicate where i needed to advance the frame.) the footage of india is swell, in its weird early-technicolor restored glory, but after you get over that, the whole package strikes me as really contrived. i think of all the truly wonderful films that could stand the criterion treatment and it makes me wonder how they arrive at the decision to bother with crap like this
a hideously dated, shamelessly didactic bore..every single line uttered in this movie is so stilted, its "message" larded on every action, every scene, that it plays like an after-school special or some 16mm film you would have watched in social studies class. the obvious attempts to make the story "magical" only draw attention to the narrative's totally ineffective paint-by-numbers moralizing. ..it is nice location photography, and has a certain appeal if just for putting some of the images on screen and music on the soundtrack. but, let's give great films their due while deflating the reputations of drivel like this.
noooooooo!.not another cheapo crummy box set! no no no!! ..okay, so here's what we have - ..the keystone films - once again, the same crummy prints that are used every time. sadly, only a couple of these are available in any good condition. they are - ..tillie's punctured romance and mabel's married life, available on image's "tillie's puctured romance" dvd. let me put it this way - tillie on the present set is a 50 minute pile of poorly narrated and terrible condition garbage that is missing a lot of essential scenes. the image disc has a mostly complete print that is actually quite watchable and - wait for it - actually makes sense! amazing!..the knockout and the rounders - available in the "forgotten films of roscoe "fatty" arbuckle" set. these look quite nice here. the rounders is also available in the slapstick encyclopedia set, along with a chaplin fragment unavailable anywhere else...okay, that takes care of the films filmed at keystone. the fact is, if you want to see most of the keystone films, you might as well get this set or one even cheaper if possible. but there are much better copies of all of these films out there, waiting to be released. ..as far as the rest of the material from the essanay, mutual, and first national years, this set is nowhere near as good the the image and m2k releases, and shouldn't even be considered in those cases. in fact, it still remains to be determined if the use of some of these prints is even legal, since they were clearly duplicated from official releases. ..there is also a documentary included. sadly, it's not really about chaplin, but is a fascinating documentary about how badly somebody can screw up a life story. the information is often false, misleading, or simply a big fat pack of lies. and it's boring. and poorly made. i'm sure talking this one up, aren't i? ..if you want a great documentary, try unknown chaplin, which is still a knockout 20-odd years later. ..avoid this title, buy all the image and m2k releases, and then come back to this only when you really must see crummy versions of the keystones. hopefully soon, we'll have comething better
sometimes it's best just to let the past go....by this point it ought to be blatantly obvious that the recent reviews are for the 8 disc sams club edition for under $20.  but, just for the record, that's the copy that i'm reviewing as well...i can understand the reviewers who give this set praises for being the only available dvd releases of the old keystone shorts.  on certain levels it's comforting to know that some of film history's most important shorts can never truly die, thanks to dvd preservation.  however, when the quality is this bad, my opinion is that it's not really worth releasing at any price.  if the originals have deteriorated to the point where they are this poor in quality, they simply shouldn't be seen by the average viewer.  they certainly shouldn't be sold at a grab bag price to try to rope in as many sales as possible.  the lower the price, the more newcomers will see chaplin (or silent short comedy in general) for the first time in a set like this, and i believe that that does a great disservice to the silent film era.  i can't help but feel that most people who buy this set are going to come away from it with a serious loathing of silent film short comedy.  the quality destroys any enjoyment that undoubtedly at one time would have been had...for example, on the first disc, which is obviously the one that most people will watch first, only "kid auto races at venice" is even remotely close to entertaining.  it's quality is high enough that it is still relatively pleasant to watch.  the other six shorts on the disc are an absolute disaster...  two of which spend a considerable amount of time with the heads cut off of all the actors due to cropping issues...the prints are bad.  rarity, for me, is not the issue.  these prints are beyond watchable quality even if they are the only ones left.  this level of deterioration can only be tolerated by the most ardent fan.  and i don't say that lightly.  i am a film student who has seen more than his fair share of poor quality prints...  these, by and large, have been scraped out of the gutter...in short, if you absolutely must have the keystone shorts, feel free to buy this set.  but do yourself a favor and watch it with very low expectations.  it won't live up to much else.....if, on the other hand, you simply want to see some chaplin, pick up the chaplin collection 2-disc releases or the restored mutual and essanay shorts from image...respect for the classics is as important as preservation.  cheap releases of shoddy prints does little to please anyone..
lifeless.couldn't agree with the previous reviewer more...i was one who grew up on the ninja turtles, being a child of the 80's, and even to this day, i have very distinct, lucid memories of some of the shows moments... after watching most of this dvd, though, i've come to the realiziation that (as far as i can deduce) most of the stunning moments of animation artistry that lie dormant in my memory are those found namely in the show's first season. what i recall of them is that they were bold, climactic, serious, and slick. dramatic, even. perhaps my mind is deluding me, but i know this -- they were in no way fathomable as putrid or inane as the episodes here...just nothing of appeal here. everything is so, ahem, goofy. like, fruity (using that with no homosexual connotations...) everything just feels off,  and for the very worst. the plots are non-existent or just downright idiotic, and i have no intention of placing some sort of demand on quality plots here... there's just no scope to any of them, so who cares? again, everything just feels... commercialized? i don't want to say that, though, because it seems like a much worse transition than to being merely for popular consumption; it feels for some reason what i figured the show would feel like by season 5 or so, after it had hit its peak and been taken over by a different crew and being set up for a changing demographic. the pitches of the voices seem higher. the turtles' faces seem extra round and... like... cheery-bright-prozac-happy faces. the only thing that retains some likeliness is the music, with the synthesized droning i came to love and associate with the show over time...hmmm.....it's like... you ever see don bluth's "the land before time" or "an american tail"? then proceeded to see one of the horrendous sequels? i think this can apply for a lot of animated feats, actually. this is just what i feel like... almost every lick of substance that at one point existed in the show is null, void with season 2...but i'm somewhat perplexed because it's season 2... the show just started. i had no intentions of watching this one before checking out volume 1, but through a mishap i ended up receiving it instead, so i'll be sure to check out 1 soon... hopefully my nostalgia is not completely warping me and there are in fact goodies to be found within other episodes in this series... because while this dvd is harmless, i can't imagine anyone but the youngest children will find it bearable.
after season 1, you have got to be kidding me.after the excellent 5-episode pilot season, i was really excited to see the contiuance of the teenage mutant ninja turtles, hoping for more intricately-written (and looking) adventures, with perhaps a bit more length to the adventure itself...well, season 2 certainly is longer. but i'd rather it was as short as (if not shorter than) season 1...in between two seasons, something horrible has happened to the show. writers who don't even seem to have watched the first season are in charge, as well as animators who hardly seem to have any understanding of perspective or shape, whatsoever. worse than that, feel for characters seems to have been thrown out the window. rocksteady and bebop have mysteriously returned to dimension x, and have been turned into useless idiots instead of the charismatic gun-totters of the first season - not to mention are they absent for the first half of this season...i loved season 1 for three things; it's animation, it's story and it's characters. season 2 has succeeded in failing to deliver all three. the animation is like a heart rate chart - one minute it's good, the other it makes my eyes water; rather than improving on season one's animation (which i loved and still love) or at least matching it, the people behind season 2 (who i hope weren't in charge of the first season) animate worse than i play football... you really have to see for yourself in order to believe me, but i still wouldn't advise you to...now on to the story. if you'll remember the end of season 1, shredder and the technhodrome had returned to dimension x. but rocksteady and bebop were still stuck in that cement, as i'm sure you'll remember as well. which is more than i can say for the writers of season 2's first episode, "return of the shredder". bebop and rocksteady have returned to dimension x, somehow (even though we saw they hadn't gone with the technodrome in "shredder and splintered"- and they couldn't have, considering how it was sent back to dimension x). and rather than being charismatically violent, not to mention quite conscious of their strength and power (like in season 1), in season 2 they are irritating and useless. their voice actors seem to be having immense difficulties in giving their voices, too, unlike (again) season 1...and if this isn't bad enough, for almost an entire half of this season the viewer is forced to take in a ridiculous excuse for a story about the 'eye of sornath'. after that absurdity has finlly come to an end, rocksteady and bebop do return, as do half-decent plots - but watch season 1 and you'll see that you don't have too much of a reason to be thankful. there are no multiple-part stories (and there never will be, ever, for the rest of these series as far as my memory serves me), and the ones we do receive, while sometimes containing interesting plot prospects, are so badly written it leaves me speechless ("teenagers from dimension x" in particular springs to mind)...there are positive things to be said for this season, though (yes, there are). season 2 marks the first appearance of april's coworkers; her best friend irma, and the irritating toady vernon. these two characters, along with rocksteady and bebop, since become almost solely responsible for the show's considerable comic relief. both make me laugh more than anything else in this show...but that's it for the good spots. rewind back and read and i still mean each and every one of the words i've typed down. the last episode of this season, which is supposed to serve as a kind of climax, falls flat on its face in its attempt by eye-burning animation, lame plot-progress and a nonsensical ending. the music, which will stay the same from now on apart from some exceptions, often keeps one from really enjoying a scene, too (even though it givenly tried to improve on the obvious background music from season 1)...season 3 is somewhere in between season 1 and 2. often, its plots shine as well as its animation. i would advise you to skip this heap of rubbish and go straight to that season. the bottom has been obtained. things can only go up from here...to put it simply: what were you thinking?..("the mean machines" and "teenagers from dimension x": if you must, watch these episodes just to get a graphic demonstration of my words.)..the picture quality is very bad, too
i have not yet received this dvd..i can't review an item you haven't sent me yet
top of the world?.i love the dixie chicks, but this dvd was disappointing. for one thing, it's the "top of the world" tour, and they never even show them playing that wonderful, chilling song (although the music video for it is included as an extra). ..the other thing, as others have mentioned, is that the frenetic editing really takes away any sense that you are watching a concert. no audience interaction (except for a few shots of them shaking hands with people in the front rows during a few songs), no stage banter at all, no real sense of their unique personalities...also -- natalie should sue whoever styled her hair for this tour. in most of the many, many different concerts spliced together for this dvd, she looks like she has a bad mohawk. not a very flattering look for what we know to be a beautiful woman
bad release.oh dear, what are blue underground playing at. why oh why bother to release such a poor movie, nothing memorable to see hear. cheap and ugly italian crime movie which bored me silly. enzo g castellari takes the money and spends none of it on-screen. i'm now very wary of these italian crime movies, none of which so far released on dvd are much cop with me. please b.u start releasing some decent lost movies. blood and lace or nightmares in a damaged brain would be my choice. another superb quality dvd of an unmemorable nothing movie.
70's remakes???.i've only heard the cd but i must tell you it is laughable.  with bad covers of boston and edgar winter.  it's pathetic.  i'm not a fan of the group but i know their stuff.  personally i think they wanna be diamond rio.  they are good live but a country vocal group remaking 70's guitar rock is a recipe for disaster and that's what you'll find here
a steady rollin' man.robert johnson was one of the most enigmatic bluesmen of the 20th century and his life is still a mystery today.fans only have two grainy pictures of johnson and various accounts of the mans' life by those who knew him and those who purport to have known him.having died at the age of 27 by poisoning only adds to the legacy.johnson, like many of his contemporaries in that early century era, liked women and whiskey and that became his undoing...a jealous husband poisoned his drink and sent johnson off into the history books forever.in this documentary, other bluesmen will tell you what johnson was all about, right up to those final hours but some of their testimony is questionable, as was johnsons' entire life.but the music is there and it lives up to the johnson image. many songs are haunting (hellhound on my trail, come on in my kitchen) and many are sad (drunkenhearted man,from four til late)but they all carry johnsons'unique stamp on the blues. one listen and you'll hear it.danny glover's narration is compassionate and blues musician keb mos' silhouetted figure makes you feel that you are watching actual footage of johnson himself. good stuff..
disappointed.i was very disappointed in this video, keb-mo was good, but there was very little of him playing, actually there was very little playing by anyone. the interviews were fine, but you find yourself waiting for the music to start, and when it did, it didn't last.it is alright, not great by any  means, i would be hard pressed to buy it for more than a couple dollars
i want my money back.if you are familiar with robert johnson's bio then you may not find this very insightful.  i am a big fan of both he and keb' mo.  i bought the video and found nothing in it about rj that was not included in his box set  and i saw very little of keb' mo.  the limited time keb was in shown  playing was amazing but i wouldn't buy it again.  i will sell you my copy  if you really think you want it
disgusting, disturbing, unnecessary.i really wonder about all the people giving this film 5 stars and calling it beautiful art.  even though it was only 31 minutes, i stopped watching after 20.  it shows dead, decapitated, and starved bodies in an unsettling, almost perverse way.  over and over again.  it almost made me want to vomit.  elegant this film is not.  i recommend the classic documentary on hitler called black fox, which, despite the subject matter, is elegant in its presentation.  this movie is more of a visual onlaught.  it is not for children or anyone who wishes to have a pleasant day.  it is not for anyone who wishes to learn about the nazi concentration camps, as it presents no information about them.  it is simply designed to shock, to exploit your emotions and human sensibilities through the gratuitous and repetitious display of carnage.  i read that some teachers are actually forcing students to watch this perverse film.  why don't they show videos of gang rapes to communicate the horrors of rape?  becuase some things that are designed to disturb are simply inappropriate and unnecessary.  the holocaust enthusiasts who are trying to force us to experience this particular historical event in all its gruesome detail are sadists trying to establish psychological masochism as a moral virtue.  i dissent, and i will not punish myself by watching the remaining 11 corrupting minutes of this pure horror show
28 days... then what?.sandra bullock plays a reckless woman, supposedly a writer, although this was only mentioned once in passing, who, along with her british boyfriend is constantly boozing and partying it up. she also seems to be hooked on painkillers. after ruining her sister's wedding, then stealing a limosene and drunkenly crashing it into a house, she (although this is not shown in the film), is sentenced to 28 days in rehab as an alternative to jail. in rehab, she meets some interesting characters with various addictions, and eventually starts to own up to her problems and begin her recovery...the rehab characters, who each curiously show us about 30 seconds of insight, seem promising, but what we learn about them is vague. the lame chanting in the rehab center is silly, in that it is never explained why people buy into it so readily. at times the film played like an educational video about the dangers of alcohol/drug addiction, but even falls short there, as the center clearly is lacking in addressing some areas of treatment. some performances are decent, while others are not so good. what happens after the 28 days are up, are we to simply assume what her life is going to be like? the film seemed better suited as a tv movie, really....i could keep nitpicking, but i think you get the idea. although it kept me interested, i was not exactly entertained, as the trailer hinted that this was to be an entertaining film. i was pretty much disappointed by i
i wasted my time on this secret???.this was one bad film! even for a straight to video horror it is bad! the plot is predictable, the death scenes are cornier than any i have ever seen, and the acting is hard to watch. why does the killer slut everyone's throat except the huge, muscular black football player(played by tj from mr.romance)? instead, he always seems to just bash him in the back of the head while he goes and kills other people. also, watch for the worst horror movie disguise in ages...where did they get the mask the killer wears????? dumb, pointless and predictable. not even remotely fun or scary
do you wanna know a....do you wanna know a secret? i promise you that you could live without ever finding out. this movie's only secret is who the hell was dumb enough to produce it. i would also like to know why anyone who read the script would have signed a contract to star in it. joey lawrenece was obviously hard up for some cash or else he wanted to expand his acting into a new genre... bad films. the dvd is so cheap that there aren't even menus. suspense?... drama?... there is absoluetly more suspense and drama in movies like legally blonde than this one... also you get to see the real reese witherspoon and not a girl who was hired because she looked like rw. also, if the "hero" of the movie gets hit in the head one more time... i swear i thought for a minute i was watching an episode of jackass. the back cover of the dvd is simply incorrect in its summary of the movie. the spoiler doesn't even provide correct info about the plot. as for the rating, there is no 0 star so i had to give it a 1 star. however, this movie's only 1 star qualification was that it was in color and the text on the back of the case was without spelling errors. the only suggestion i can give is not to buy this dvd. however, rent it if you are having trouble falling asleep. this movie will definately put any insomniac to sleep. beyond horrible, the only thing left that can be said is... "que el infierno!
cheap dvd... you get what you pay for!.this is a pretty routine slasher pic.  some college students on spring break in florida start getting bumped off by a masked killer.  the acting is actually a little better than average for a low budget horror film, but the main problem here is the script.  too many loose ends!  i still don't know what the titular secret was
"i must know everything.  i must penetrate the heart of his secret!  i must become caligari!".robert wiene's "the cabinet of dr. caligari" is a celebrated work of german expressionism.  while there are several interesting facets to it, this grand experiment in filmmaking cannot be regarded as a complete success...francis (friedrich feher) relays a strange story.  a man named dr. caligari (werner krauss) once came to his town seeking a permit to display an exhibit at a carnival.  the exhibit was a wooden cabinet that housed a somnambulist named cesare (conrad veidt).  strange happenings then ensued after cesare predicted the death of one of francis's friends.  concerned for the safety of his beloved jane (lil dagover), francis took it upon himself to determine whether caligari was the person responsible for the disturbing series of events...in a strange way, one can look upon "the cabinet of dr. caligari" as a bizarre version of "the wizard of oz" (1939).  the framing sequences are similar and the surreal appearance of the town effectively creates an unfamiliar world that has its own unique and distinct visual identity.  yet, despite the ample creativity on display and the intriguing ideas the film explores in regards to memory and interpretation, "the cabinet of dr. caligari" is stiff and dreary.  the characters are not engaging and the story is just a generic murder mystery with a monster thrown in.  give "the cabinet of dr. caligari" points for trying to do something different and for influencing the look and feel of horror films that followed, but feel free to skip it if you are not a fan of the peculiar.
not as good as others....this documentary was rather disappointing to me. mr. hammond is a fine musician but too much of the film is wasted showing him performing johnson's music. it was interesting watching hammond and mr. johnny shines 'cuttin' heads' on the street corners of a delta town. however, hammond isn't a good interviewer and it seems like he just uses this as a platform to showcase his own considerable talent. i would advise anyone to stay away from this one and get 'can't you hear the wind howl' instead. this is basically a rehash of all the same material. if your a diehard like me, go ahead and watch it but you might be disappointed
hard to watch....i am also a fan of basquiat and of schnabel's movie. ..i loved watching the taped interviews of basquiat available at moca-la during the last basquiat exhibiit. (i believe they're available on you-tube now.)..i found "downtown 81" extremely painful to watch as i felt basquiat was being exploited by this film maker. for me, he was "produced and directed" and painfully not himself
it was ok i think.pretty raw outlook in the life of basquiat.i'm an avid fan so i have no regrets having this
disappointed....i really like all the cast members in this film.  however, i cannot believe i put myself through this movie!  i wasn't ironing, but i did finally pick up my laptop and do a search for a better movie.  this movie just had too many loose ends.
i see there is no 187.making it no reason to even consider getting this filler filled p.o.s
no power.the book of acts is a book of power!  sadly, this is what is lacking in the dvd presentation.  the minute i began watching i knew it was going to be a weak (acting) rendition of the story.  thankfully, it is word for word from the bible, which is why i gave it two stars.  reading through the book of acts one can almost feel the electricity of the holy spirit working in and through the lives of the apostles and believers.  all of that is lost in the dvd presentation.  ..i would not recommend this dvd.  stick to the book instead
don't waste your time !.i recommend you to not waste your time watching this movie. i'm a huge fan of christian and biblical movies, but this "acts" movie is a shame, it's ridiculous! there's an other film that i fully recommend: "the gospel of john", this one worths to be watched. the peace of the lord be with you
mr sam.the whole movie was good and word for word with the bible.the issue that i have is the acting played by james brolin did not show peter as commanding.also it seemed to me that there were not enough back ground actors.it was kind of dull
not a great value.i saw this series when it was originally aired by pbs on masterpiece theater. what is just average is the quality of the reproduced video. it is pretty poor at best. the flying scenes go almost black and white and the rest is pretty dismal. obviously little care was used in transferring the original film or video to the copies. this is a great film series and deserves to be of the quality of the original
poor story.the footage of the aircraft flying is excellent.  unfortunately the characters are unlikable and the plot motivates you to stop watching.  i was interested as i watched "piece of cake" because of my extreme interest in world war two, however i can't say that i "enjoyed" it.  the characters are hard to distinguish from each other and nearly impossible to empathize with...unfortunately i just can't recommend "piece of cake".  poor writing, poor characters, poor character development (non-existant?), poor plot.  beautiful aircraft, decent acting and fascinating bits historical realism just aren't enough to save "piece of cake"
why? and how?.when i first saw this film i was very confused about what 'the fourth man', the film, was supposed to be doing. now after reasearching the film, mostly through reviews, i guess it was supposed to be a black comedy. i didn't get that at all...i love black comedies....favorite genre. this wasn't funny.... and by a near universal standard. wasn't all that 'black' either. the alleged 'blaspemous' element came off as very corny.....the subject matter may have been blaspemous 200 years ago. it's mostly geared towards christianity. it's a sort of 'blasphemy' that operates from the presupposition that the fundamental principles of christianity are serious....so maybe if you are really into jesus this might be funny. it's on say the same level as sinead o' conner tearing up a photo of the pope as a statement...very quot;controversialquot;!! so i guess if you are a big fan of black comedies stay away from this as the characters and story will just come off as very annoying. though if you have decidedly bourgeois sensibilities and take christianaity semi seriously this might be interesting. i would highly reccomend seeing any luis bunuel films first....he was the black comedy master. if you see a bunuel film (the phantom of liberty?) and then watch the fourth man you will know exactly why the fourth man is really bad. alot of it is on a visceral level so addmittedly it's hard for me to describe
my review.i will never watch this film. i've always been a fan of jack's movies. however, i will never watch this film simply because i know that i will never measure up to the book
near sighted marketing.....if sony was really serious about giving spider-man 1 and 2 a great dvd release, why not just a three set dvd boxed set.  with the first two disks being the movies and the thrid disk would have all the bonus features on them.   to release this, while seperate dvd editions of the movies are already on the market, is both foolish and  stupid.   foolish and stupid is what i would call some of the comic book artists reviewed on these dvd's.  in "spider-man; the mythology of the 21rst century, most of the "talent" reviewed are either artists who have not worked at marvel in years (what makes them fit to talk about spidey?) or they did spider-man comics that were not well received by the readers.  a few were even fired from marvel for trying to take the comics in directions that were not in the best interests of the company.   thankfully on the spidey disk two; they stuck more with just the production of the movie and only about three comic book writers/artists were reviewed.  these were the real talent at marvel and cared both about spidey and his fans
pointless, unfunny, art band in-joke.the leader of this joke band is very intense. but i wonder what his day job is. alot of underground music critics and luminaries are on this tape, so that means half japanese were able to entertain them. it is unlikely  that very many others will be able to share in the joke, since a big part  of the joke is that all popular music is trash. sort of a statistical joke,  i guess. the leader of this band looks like norman bates on happy pills. he  sings in a whiney voice and always seems to be on the verge of swallowing  his adnoids. unless you are already one of the initiated, it's unlikely  you'll enjoy tis video
major disappointment.--i am a tim mcgraw fan.  i love his music and his tours and his videos.  i assumed this would be a great addition to my collection.  boy was i wrong.  i couldn't believe how cheap this was....the dvd is just a combination of some of his videos.  some of the greats are missing.  i paid ...for something i could have made at home with my vcr, cmt, and a tape.  there are no special features that you can't get off of the television anyway(subtitles).  i am sorely disappointed in curb records for trying to cash in on the mcgraw name by releasing a greatest hits album and a dvd.  instead of purchasing this dvd, i recommend you use your money wisely, it would be less of a waste if you threw it in your back yard.  at least it will serve some purpose, like for a bird's nest or something
appearances without substance.a story of unrequited, nonsense, in pretty ball-gowns; without a good story, without values, without admirable characters, without true romance, without heart, without mind, that is ... not even mindlessly entertaining. portrays older adults as immoral or stupid. therefore, may be entertaining to the mtv generation. emptiness in the like of: "troy", "tristan and isolde", "tess", and "sex in the city"...film's advertising is appealing but deceptive, as this film is completely disappointing. without the class of "pride  prejudice", "north  south", or " wives  daughters", and without adventure. ..for anyone with depth, this is painful to watch. hit yourself in the head with a bamboo stick, for the same experience, and save your money.
i wish i'd known what i was buying....i love edith whartion, the gilded age, and bbc productions.  this film should have been an ideal purchase for me.  instead it was a raving disappointment...the first third or so of the series remained fairly close to the book, but the remainder mutated into soap opera sensationalism nonsense...after watching this horror of a 5 hour series, i did a search online and found an interview with the screenplay authoress who admitted to tweaking the novel's plotlines to add interest and allow for the sensibilities of a modern audience...in this particular miniseries liberties were taken with the storyline that completely affected the original intent and tone of the story...julius, nan's husband, is portrayed as a bisexual, adulterer, and a marital rapist.  watching julius's characterisation unfold was like witnessing a train wreck.  ..nan and julius's marriage was supposed to be the story of how a relationship fails when two good people, very young and not knowing themselves well, rush into marriage and discover disillusionment.  instead bbc treated its audience to hollywoodized trite depicting nan as a wronged wife ill-treated by a remote husband.  ..there was also something horribly off about the portrayal of laura testvalley's friendship with nan.  i love period pieces and i understand that social customs regarding intimate friendships in the past might seem too intimate at times to us strait-laced americans, but the characters' scenes started creeping me out.  the mood of the scenes struck me as more romantic than friendly/sisterly/intimate.  in a way it was almost a relief when julius was "outed" because i almost expected the two women to fall in love.  ..the one bright spot in this wreck of wharton was greg wise (guy thwaite) who played his character with complete conviction and looked gorgeous beyond belief in white tie ensembles.  it probably helped that thwaite was one of the few characters allowed to retain the core wharton penned him in to begin with.  i felt like most of the other characters were strangers...the series has some nice sets and locations and costumes appear in all their gilded age glory.  americans can't help but loathe the british aristocracy and their mercenery desire to marry money and then refuse to support their wives since it's beneath them to work.  if you're looking for a faithful or even reasonably faithful production of the novel, though, you'll only be disappointed
not his best film..this is a typical tinto brass sex comedy. it's nicely filmed and is likely to appeal to tinto brass fans. me, i thought the story was rather uninteresting and the humour not very funny, so the movie overall became rather dull. ..it's not tinto brass's best work. if you're a fan of tinto brass, buy it. if you're a casual film viewer or new to tinto brass, get "all ladies do it" or "paprika" instead, before deciding whether to buy this one as well
sucks.listen, i was an extra in this film when it was made. this is the dubbed version. it sucks! make sure that you have a subtitled version of this film. this version is horrible
this is a weird film.....i now wonder why i purchased this flick, a definitely shadowy tale about the romance and adventures of a petty criminal who only gets meaner as the film goes on, and the spoiled young wife of a middle aged businessman. there really is no one to root for in this film, not christopher lambert, whose fred is a raunchy-looking, sociopathic hothead who loves to pull guns on people the first chance he gets, or any of the other characters, most of them living, (living!) in the bowels of the paris metro, (which looks an awful lot like anysubway, anywhere!) there's "the roller", a purse-snatcher on roller skates; a black muscleman who suffers insults to his intelligence begrudgingly; the cold and terse helena, played by isabel adjani, who also seems fond of pulling guns on people; numerous inept cops named after american pop culture icons, ("batman and robin", "tom  jerry", etc.,) the police chief that seems a wee bit too fond of coffee and a smarmy flower peddler who looks like he walked right out of a martin scorcese movie. none of these people could be even remotely called "loveable", their behavior makes that impossible. the criminals are a little too vicious, especially for petty ones, and the police are buffoons...fred manages to get and retain the attention of helena by extorting her with some papers he had palmed from her personal home safe. she eventually meets him and pretty much gets sucked into the world of the oddballs living in the tunnels, walkways and hidden compartments of the subway herself. this all leads up to a finale: a concert to be put on by the more musically adept among the denizens where tragedy finally strikes after an hour and a half of mischief and police ineptitude. ..i wouldn't recommend any teenager see this movie because of the gawd-awful influence it may exert on them, but for somebody studying criminology, it may be entertaining.....there is one scene with adjani and her character's husband at a swanky soire? at an associate's home, where helena, (adjani,) smarts off to a fare-thee-well. it's probably the best scene in the film. and the sound production is pretty good too, as it was in its initial vhs version 16 years ago. however, there ain't much else to recommend this odd bird, lemme tell ya
question.does this dvd show the following night's episode, after pil was on, in which tom apologizes for his rude guests the night before and says in amazement that there were fans waiting in the lobby waiting for john lydon, et. al.
another disappointment for the fans....once again, the folks who run the bond franchise have made a mistake and aren't thinking. when will they finally get it through their skulls that fans of james bond want the entire collection instead of just a select few?..i am a huge bond fan and while i am quite sure that the restoration process of these films has made them something to treasure and watch over  over again, i simply cannot buy any of collection until they come to their senses and release all of the bond movies in one restored package...the true fans of bond want the good with the bad and i hope that someone, somewhere will realize that one day.
trash.ok, look at the cover of this dvd.  it says it all:..limegreen wording.  an asian girl, with a purple-tinted face, wearing huge bug-eye glasses, big headphones over both ears. what does any of this have to do with house/techno/drum'n'bass, the 80's/90's rave scene, the developing music in chicago and new york in the birth of underground dance  music?   ..absolutely nothing.  like most of the project, it plays to popular misconceptions of the electronic music scene (crazy teenagers having sex, high on drugs! baggy pants! "drum n bass was 'invented' because people did too much ecstasy, and needed darker-sounding music!)..it's an outsider's view, misinformed, fetishized, meandering....-------.update:..if i could make some additional points:....==================================..a little about the word electronica..in the 90's, underground dance music began making it's way into the mainstream in a way similar to its last head-rearing in the 1970's.  disco was a popularized version of underground dance music, understandably despised for it's excess and apparent superficiality, just like we have today's popularized (read: diluted) versions...in the 90's, a corporate entity called "billboard" made a decision.  now, understand, the people who work at billboard are not musicians.  they may have taken guitar lessons when they were 15, but they not musicians.  they are accountants, marketers, executives, etc.  necessary to society, but not to be confused with musicians.  ..they decided to come up with the marking name "electronica" to describe certain styles of music gaining popularity in the 90's.  this taxonomy is based neither on musicology, extensive industry experience with the music, or anything beyond catchphrase convenience.  it unfortunately groups styles of music together that have very little intrinsically in common.  so here's your first bit of advice - people who use the word "electronica" got into this game via a mainstream marking taxonomy.  ..please let me make something clear: marketing is necessary to the sale of music - but it is not a path to learn about music...==================================....now get this.  we all know that dj's, who comprise the largest group of electronic-media sound artists, play other people's records to create their "sets".  this means that record companies cannot publish a dj set as their own entirely.  they have to authorize and pay for *every single record* that is played in a set (as opposed to one or two samples, which we find in hiphop/rap).  this means a very slim profit margin and a very complicated royalty distribution.  companies don't like that, so dj's, even great dj's don't get picked up by large labels...but, there is still a lot of buzz surrounding this music, and now billboard has branded a marketing catchphrase, so the major labels *tend* to sign and produce groups which create their own material entirely, but are frankly mediocre artists - generally speaking.  i'm not saying every non-dj electronic artist is mediocre, but when an entire population of musicians is essentially out of marketable bounds - you're left with detritus. ..modulations is one of the business spin-offs from the spike in interest in electronic music in the 90's.  it is derivative, unoriginal, uninformed.  enthusiastic, yes, but without focus or merit.  it is born of detritus.  iara lee has never had anything to do with any of these fields, and it shows in the documentary.  a recurring interview in the documentary is with a culture/fashion/lifestyle magazine writer.  you know, the types who can always comment, no matter how vapidly, on every subject.  it makes for nice sound-bites, and maybe an easier editing job for film production.  but... don't you want to learn what all this beautiful music is really about? ..her aesthetic and presentation of the disparate worlds of underground dance music, the european avant-garde (and the deeply misguided implication of specific connections between the the two), electronic experimental, and all other turntable-based musics, for me, encapsulates the very essence of the very contrived word: electronica...don't let the fact that they drop names of concert-music composers like cage and stockhausen impress you.  it's a documentary, not a cocktail party...if this documentary amazed and inspired you to learn more about all the different types of electronic music - well, great!  it's serves some purpose.  but i would encourage you to drop any this sugar-candy edited-for-radio version and really go out to explore the good stuff.  ..some recommendations:....informative movies:.paris is burning.kids..informative books:.you better work  .last night a dj saved my life
droning interviews spoil this dvd.a disappointment.  i was hoping for extended selections of the artists' music, with maybe a little introduction/explanation.  unfortunately, its mostly artist interviews droning on and on with only snippets of the music.  the artist comments are typically,  "...its like everything that's noise can be music...but its like, uh, all about the technology..."   no real passion or insight until some more snippets of a rave flash briefly by.  lots of subtypes of the techno music described, but its confusing how they differ for the lack of lengthy defining examples.   if you are a knowledgeable fan and want some camera shots and comments of your heroes, this may be for you.  if you want a clear introduction of the music and which artists may interest you enough to buy their music, skip it
the title of this movie should've been.quot;clubs and raves and the young people who go to them--oh yeah and the old genius farts that pioneered the music they dance toquot;. buy - my - copy - please!!!!  i expected this film to play like a keyboard magazine interview with the artists; detailing their influences, their gear and how they create their sounds. there's a lot of djs standing behind turntables bobbing their heads, mere snippets of the new techno bands like prodigy, only a passing mention of kraftwerk and no mention at all of the art of noise. i was disappointed. if you want the real story of techno check out history of rock and roll: episode 10 - the perfect beat call me: therealpeperl@yahoo.co
sound of silence.writer/director dan mccormack's point is pretty obvious in other voices.  people don't really talk to one another; they don't listen to one another; they don't hear anything that doesn't directly affect them.  from the married couple having marital problems to the shrink who pays little if any attention to her client; to all the people who grace this unusual independent film.  the movie's pace is slow and methodical, and that would be okay if the end result was worth the wait.  to me, it wasn't.  david aaron baker tells his friend campbell scott that he is having an affair, and he also think his wife mary mccormack is doing the same.  scott recommends the services of a french pi (an incredibly ineffective peter gallagher) who can "remedy" the situation with strong arm tactics carried out bny his goon mink (rick aiello, danny's brother in another ridiculous caricature).  mccormack has a brother who for some inexplicable reason has tourette's syndrome which offers nothing to the story whatsoever, except a chance for northern exposure's rob morrow to demonstrate his considerable talent in the only interesting performance in the movie.  we spend three quarters of the movie wondering who the couple is having affairs with, and when we find out, it's like hello....what in the world is going on here.  it's obvious mccormack is driving home his lack of communication point, with perhaps a tragic end result, which doesn't occur either.  it's fluffy artistic nonsense.  baker is fairly effective; mccormack does a good job; scott must like playing drunks (see lush, on second thought, don't see lush, it's a real loser, too!).  stockard channing is the psychiatrist and she should be ashamed of lending her considerable talents to this movie which ends up feeling like a movie done as a class assignment in bs cinema.  i hear other voices than this one!
beware noir fans of this kino rip-off!.kino, which is supposed to have such a big reputation for respecting the art of cinema, has really pulled a fast one on the public with this dvd box set. ..they took one of joan crawford's greatest noir films "sudden fear," plus a really great (and rare) henry fonda noir "the long night" and totally ruined them. and the other titles in this box set don't come out much better...both "sudden fear" and "the long night" are so inky black until most of the time you can only see the actors' eyes (and that's in bright sunshine). the sound is terrible. dialogue is so low you have to turn up your tv to full volume to hear anything. then when the soundtrack music starts, it's usually blasting. so you constantly have to adjust the sound all the way through each movie. and even at that, the dialogue is still flat and hard to understand...i've bought public domain cheapy dvds where more care was put into production values. the only thing first class about this kino box set is the artwork. the rest of this set is pure junk...i've been ripped off with other kino titles with kino's poor production values (and i'll get around to reviewing those soon), but this set wins the prize. let the buyer beware
primus sucks.   for real.well i tried, made it though about halfway in each song, some watched all the way.    just cant touch frog b or oysterhead.  ..the state of music major bummer today, bass players of his caliber are rare, but nope i am not going to see this show in dec 06 when they hit my town, been twice to primus already, i always give people 2 chances. just a bunch of noise and sounds like 3 guys that keep running into each other and falling down. no grove like frog b and oyserhead. but then, les is the man in primus, he doesnt have to worry/deal with other egos, he is the alpha in primus. egos, feeds us all huh? ..primus sucks, for real
lots of talent wasted in a downer of a screenplay....i don't know how "proof" worked on stage, but for me it just did not work well on film. tedious is the word that keeps coming to my mind to describe how i felt as i watched it. i endured it, hoping minute after minute to begin enjoying it
what is this thing? a movie, i don't think so!.this is a terrible movie and i had difficulties not to push the stop button and go to bed..gwyneth paltrow is not one second credible as a mathematician, jake gyllenhaal acts like a bad actor (where is the fabulous actor we saw in brokeback?), only anthony hopkins, in the 20 minutes he has, shows his great talent (once again)..we don't give a s**t about what's going to happen to the depressive character paltrow portrays because there is no emotion in this movie. and no story too. i watched it until the end waiting for a story but all we see is a mathematician and her difficulty to be as good as her father was before he went crazy, oh yes! and she's afraid to become crazy too. but we'll never know. the film ends before that..please don't watch, rent, buy or look this dvd, it will just be a waste of your precious time (and precious money). .2 stars for anthony hopkins's great performance though!
wasn't what i expected....this film was not what i expected. it was so plain. i was about ready to turn it off. ..others may like it though.
boring, uninteresting, and dreadful that's what one reviewer is saying....as much as angela bassett, whoopi goldberg and taye diggs work together as a great cast, this film is boring, which they can't help because they're all wonderful actresses and actors, but the plot is just dull and boring...the movie begins with a successful stockbroker in san francisco, who decides from the urging of her best friend, "delilah," played by whoopi goldberg, that she needs a long-awaited vacation. so, while watching tv, she sees a commercial advertising travel to jamaica, so "stella," played by angela bassett decides that as much as she deserves a vacation, finally succumbs to her best-friend's suggestion and flies down there and meets her best friend, "deliliah."..the basic premise is a 40 year old woman falls in love with a much younger man, (old enough to be her son, no less) whose only 20. the 20 year old is named winston shakespeare, a native jamaican, who decides to date "stella." ..at first, "stella" (angela bassett) decides that dating a 20 year old man is robbing the cradle, but going against her better judgment, decides she'll throw caution to wind and date "winston."..from the beginning of the film to the end the plot is boring, dull and uninteresting...the characters like the plot are basic and boring. there's no real drama such as a hurricane taking place, or anything of that nature. while, the actors and actresses are talented not even their great acting abilities and personalities could save this film from being a complete failure, in my humble and honest opinion...to recite a classic cliche, "not even the best popcorn can save this film" and it's because of this that i give the film the lowest rating possiblg of only 1 star, which is extremely unusual for me because i almost always give films a 5-star rating because i enjoy so many movies, but this film just wasn't worth anything more than 1-star...bottome line; you're much better off renting or buying another film.
how shawn got his snooze on. for diehard angela basset fans only..shawn got his snooze on watching how stella got her groove back a great looking angela bassett strolling around the beaches of jamaica in sexy swimwear just wasn't enough to keep me awake during this boring movie adapted from one of the weakest terry mcmillan novels. this movie was so forgettable that i saw it over a month ago and i kept forgetting to write the review for it. .angela bassett is stella, a successful black stockbroker who thinks she's about to be promoted. in spite of her stellar work record, her bosses instead fire her citing financial troubles. (plothole ahead - why would a business that's in trouble fire one of their best employees? wouldn't it have been smart to keep stella there to turn the company around? oh well, terry needed a reason for stella to go on vacation no matter how weak it was.) tired and frustrated with the direction of her life, the divorced single mom decides to go to jamaica for a vacation with a friend (whoopi goldberg) there she gets her hair braided and meets a hunky young chef (taye diggs) and over the slow course of the movie they have one of the most boring romances ever filmed. (does anyone in hollywood know what pacing is?).soon after, stella returns to the states and her man follows her. stella continues to pursue the romance despite resistance from her 12-year-old son. the bosses at her old job want her back to work for them, her new younger lover wants her to follow her dreams. at the end of the movie stella gets her groove back with her younger man and decides to start her own trading business. boring, boring boring. .the onscreen adaptation of stella has all the elements of a great movie. the cinematography is great, showing us stunning visuals of jamaica. the beaches were beautiful, the resorts looked like places i wanted to go. the casting is great; angela bassett and whoopi goldberg are strong enough to carry the movie. but the movie falls apart because the story is so predictable. stella lacks the heart and soul of a true "terry mcmillan" story; it's the same by the numbers may/december romance story used in one of those horrible made for tv adaptations of a danielle steele or a jackie collins novel. by about the half hour mark the movie was losing its groove for me. .angela bassett gives it her all, but the weak script prevents her from giving a great performance. the whole movie is a waste of her time. taye diggs was looks great but his acting is horrible. he has absolutely no chemistry with bassett and his jamaican accent goes on and off throughout the movie. in many scenes he's stiff and uneasy throwing off the romantic mood of the film. whoopi goldberg is just herself in this movie. she doesn't even act at all. regina king is the only bright spot here. she plays her part extremely well overcoming the boring material..if you're a romantic insomniac who wants to get your snooze on, get into stella's groove. but if you're looking for a black romance full of passion pick up love jones, diary of a mad black woman or how u like me now. those romances are full of passion and life.
whack! terrible.this movie was whack it was kinda of good but taye diggs cannot act jamaican and he looked ugly! i bet you that omar epps could have done a better jamaican. and the book was quadruple times better even more
universal soldier.my kind of movie, mindless violence. lots of explosions and action scenes. it seemed a little dated, special effects have come a long way since 1992. van damme plays his usual role (macho man), so you know what to expect. not a great movie, but if you just want to escape for an hour and a half, it will do the job
jeff your right.this movie was a waste of time people dont lose about 1 hour of your life looking at this and go enjoy life jeff your right this movie suck so if you watch this thing without reading jeff reivew your a dum inoramis...and if you give this 5 stars my god have mersy on you worthless lost hell bound soul (666
ok but wouldn't watch again.when i saw the trailer i thought i would enjoy this movie, especially being a big fan of mr.cage.  i thought my wife would not like it at all.  well i was wrong on both counts.  my wife liked it, i didn't really care for it.  having said that i probably would have given it 3 stars had it not been preachy, even as it was subtle with it's sermon. i was not expecting a social commentary film on the evil that gun merchants do.  i actually expected somewhat of an action movie.  i think most people realize what arms dealers do for a living and the often horrifying consequences of that.  i really don't need a 2 hour movie to educate me on that fact. the characters i thought were pretty weak as well. picture woody allen as an international arms dealer doing business with ruthless war lords that would cut your heart out in a second.  that's obviously an exaggeration, i mean it is nicholas cage, but you get the idea.  i'll leave it at that because i don't want to give anything away.  if your looking for something along the line of the rock, this isn't it.  if you want to see a movie about how disgusting and evil arms dealers are (their not really bad guys they just do really bad things), and how terrible the us government is for associating with them then you'll really like this movie.
horrible... just plain horrible!.die-hard fans please ignore.....as a musician i have an appreciation for a very wide range of music so i purchase pretty much every music dvd produced. after checking out staind's mtv unplugged dvd all i can say is this band and it's music are just plain horrible...the theme of every song is either based on anger, depression, lonliness, paranoia or any other thing this guy can whine about...the show is one long depressing song with the same dull tempo and basic chord changes... if you are into that kind of thing i guess this is the best dvd in the world!..performance notes:..these guys must be pitch deft, the guitars are either out of tune or they are such bad musicians they can't even play this extremely simple music properly.....the singer has a drony voice and sings off key 80% of the time... if you can actually endure the songs it's hard to believe you can put up with the bad singing...let's not forget his great personality between songs... basically "ughh... this next song is i hate everybody/life sucks/my parents are jerks/relationships suck/etc.....dvd notes:..picture is typical of these mtv shows... nothing to write hone about, but a clear 4:3 transfer with adequate lighting...sound of 5.1 track is very processed and hollow sounding... stick with the 2.0 track if you actually want to listen to this garbage.....look for my copy on ebay
warning : this dvd is censored.i feel ripped off and am so angry right now.  i can not believe the idiotic censorship on this dvd.  the word "$hit" is blanked out of the performance of mudshovel basically ruining it.  and to show how idiotic and senseless this censorship is you can see the word spelled out for all the world to see on the subtitles!!!  it gives you that same feeling as when you are watching a good r rated movie on tv and its all hacked up with blanked out dialog.  there is no disclosure that the video has been hacked in the description by amazon.  avoid buying mtv products unless you are an 11 year old's mother
oochie boochie.i must agree with nate on this one.  staind started off so raw and real. ill admit i loved and still love dysfunction. there was more creativity flowing because they werent worried about throwing another chorus in at the end of the song.  its not their fault, it really is difficult to write good music and stay popular. radiohead is one of the few off the top of my head that will continue to try new things.  aaron has a good voice, but it is wasted on 2 octave scales and 4 chord melodies with the standard 2 chord bridge.  i love em, but the get old very quickly.  oh and another thing, it bugs me when people dont tune their instrument
greetings to harold lloyd fans.do not buy this one. there is a harold lloyd boxset                                                                coming nov 15. it`s called the harold lloyd comedy                                                                 collection from new line home video. it comes with all                                                                of lloyd`s silent feature films and 13 shorts that`s                                                             all i know for now. it should be showing on amazon real soon
disappointing journey.there are three major versions of the verne novel on dvd: the 1950s with david niven and cantinflas and everyone else; the recent version with jackie chan; and this. of the three, jackie chan's is the most enjoyable. it's light-hearted, full of laughs and action and it moves right along. the niven version is so incredibly heavy and pondering it's amazing it hasn't sunk into oblivion. the best thing about it is the star-searching. that leaves this patchwork quilt with pierce prosnan and eric idle...this was a three-part miniseries, and boy, does it show! it's terribly fragnented with obvious commercial breaks every 15 minutes or so. as a result, no head of steam can be built up. the transfer quality sucks, too. but the major question is this: why did they bother? why spend the money they obviously spent to do a remake that doesn't improve on the niven version? just so pierce brosnan could have something to do while waiting for james bond? and why hire an english comic to play a frenchman? peter ustinov (criticized elsewhere for his over-the-top hamminess in this) saves the day...he and the wonderful old character actors at the refom club and the bank of england...in all, i was disappointed greatly
the quality of this movie is bad.if you are expecting a dvd high quality transfer, you will be disappointed. the entire 4 and 1/2 hour dvd is just like watching a poor vhs quality tape. it's very grainy and faded. it even flickers occasionally just like a vhs tape. the movie itself moves along too slowly and has the feel of the type of movie you could fall alseep to late at night. get the 2004 jackie chan version. it is highly entertaining
shallow, slow and sad.i consider david lean to be one of the greatest filmmakers ever--but this is far from his best film. the cinematography is sweeping in it beauty (not unlike other films from its day such as the sound of music) and the actors were talented but the love story was so simplified that it lacked the emotional depth needed to give the characters arcs or even elicit sympathy. such is the stuff that fluff is made...another disappointing aspect of this film was it's award winning score. the short dominating theme (which can be heard in its entirety as the dvd menu music) reoccurs every time the star crossed lovers met or are about to meet. the variations on the theme are not well developed so we hear the same 30 seconds of mandolin music again, and again and again. out of all of the academy's nominations in 1965 for substantially original musical score (which included alex north's brilliant work agony and the ecstasy-- alfred newman's awe-inspiring greatest story ever told and what many consider to be the finest musical ever filmed: michel legrand and jacques demy's umbrellas of cherbourg) this was the least deserving of an oscar. i would have awarded frank devol the prize for cat balou (also nominated) before i would have given it to maurice jarre for this score. ..after finally seeing the film--and being so disappointed--i looked into the history of the movie to discover why this is such a well-known work, and here is what i discovered: dr zhivago was a epic book by boris pasternak that was truncated for the movie stripping it of many layers of meaning. as a film it was not critically acclaimed--in fact the reviews were so bad that david lean swore he would never make another movie again (and he didn't for almost 20 years until passage to india). but the public loved it. dr. zhivago made more money, up until that point in time, than all of david lean's previous films combined. dr zhavago was an anti-communist film made during the cold war (probably not an unpopular position) during an era of greater sexual repression. so a movie made in 1965 about a cheating man whose pride and extra-marital affair trumps his concern for his child and wife could--in its time--be seen as romanticized heroism. but not from many people's point of view today. the movie isn't even erotic--just shallow, slow and sad...dr zhavago is more comparable to titanic (which is superior musically and artistically) than it would be to a truly great epic such as the best years of our lives or the bridge on the river kwai. there are far better ways to spend three hours than dr zhivago.
nolte rules!!.nolte is pissed in this movie as usual!  awesome acting!  shaq is atrociuos. anfernee hardaway sucks!  nolte should have hit eddie murphy with the basketball aka reggie hammond just like in 48 hours instaed of kicking it into the stands hahahaha..
weak pulse.in spite of its intriguing premise, pulse ultimately falls flat due to its slow pace and mediocre performances.  the story focuses on a mysterious lightning storm that somehow converts electrical energy into a self-serving, intelligent killer.  a little boy (joey lawrence) is visiting his father and new bride in california and he is convinced there are voices in the electricity.  cliff deyoung is lifeless in his role as dad; roxanne hart brings some conviction to her role as the new wife.  we're never really sure just what is going on and how electrical energy can also manage to lock doors, including a shower door and all the terror elements are so underplayed, they're never really all that threatening.
should be titled "spring break date rape".this seems like a movie that was supposed to be about teens going to the beach, getting drunk, and then having a date rape case for everyone to figure out.  of course, if that sort of movie is going to have any dramatic impact at all, you have to have characters that someone could actually give a damn about.  this movie fails pretty thoroughly in that area, just like about 95% of movies these days.  anyhow, at the last minute somebody apparently came up with the bright idea of making this a shark attack movie.  the sharks are barely in it at all, the date rape thing is really boring, the characters are paper thin cliches, and i personally couldn't care less if they got raped, went to prison, or if they got eaten by sharks...this is just a cheap little made for tv movie (so forget about any nudity you were expecting to see).  it's bad, possibly trying to be so-bad-it's-good, but it fails at that.  i suppose it's watchable enough, i mean, it's not terrible, it just isn't much good.  think season finale on beverly hills 90210;  that's basically what you've got here.  i could probably watch this again on some boring tuesday night, but maybe that's just because it's so forgettable that i've forgotten how truly bad it was.  ..if you're looking for a cheesy shark movie, check out any of those shark attack movies.  parts 1 and 2 are much better than this, and part 3 is so bad it's hilarious.
don't give me this break.made for tv movies can be fun, and if they're done with a proper amount of sophistication, worth viewing.  this cbs tv movie is not one of those however.  the sharks are hardly seen and when they are, it's not with any great amount of technical finesse.  as expected, most of the college students act like pre-schoolers and unfortunately most of them aren't good actors.  shannon lucio and riley smith stand out, but justin baldoni has little to offer but some nice pecs.  with the tons of shark attack movies available, why couldn't this one try a little something different.  and yes, i'll forgive the talented kathy baker and bryan brown for being the main adults in the movie.  exposure is always good and so is the paycheck
cbs tv movies on dvd.this movie was broadcast on cbs tv.  i had to watch it, because i love terrible movies.  no real gore, no nudity, very safe to watch but i have to give credit to cbs for actually trying to bring back bad movies!--the sci-fi channel is doing it and doing it bad but bad can be fun.  sbsa has all requirements(blonds, chicks in skimpy wear, no acting, no plot and no point).  cbs programming is showing various bug movies and i have seen them too.  check your cbs listings periodically and you may find some premieres? coming up.  why is this on dvd?---i have no idea but isn't the cover cool.  makes you want to throwdown 10 bucks -- just remember what your getting. ---- also, two other worthless movies that probably will come out too are vampire bats and locusts(both starring lucy lawless) also cbs movies!! ps, this might be a good double flick with hammerhead-a true classic to come(read my review on that one too)
mr. harding's plight.i thought that the point of this movie was a little obscured.  i guess it was not entirely a waste of time, but i did not see a huge amount of value in the movie. still, it was interesting
forget it...sorry, but i only like bruce lee and jackie chen. who is gonna even try to look for some third class actor movies? jet li is the third star, but bruce is the best, he is my brother and all..
the games are not on these dvd's.just a bunch of choppy hi-lights, a play or two here and there, and then a big jump to another part of the game. i hated this one so much that it prompted me to post my very first amazon review
should be titled "season highlights" not "super bowls".the title of this review says it all... i bought this to see the super bowls, but instead got highlights from the seasons and very little of what i bought this for... the super bowl games!!! i'm very disappointed
over produced - under presented!.this product was a terrible terrible disappointment.  i purchased this product expecting to get the play-by-play presention of the superbowls.  instead, what i got was an unbelievably overproduced rehash of the half hour superbowl shows that are seen on espn...each "superbowl" dvd is organized into two parts; a review of the season, and the superbowl.  both parts are travesties that are almost beyond belief...the review of the season is nothing more than a collage of out-of-context film clips with voice-overs.  it was designed as artistic pabulum meant for only the most casual of football fans (i.e., a gift idea for a non-football fan to give to a real football fan - thinking it would be a good gift!).  it is not organized by conference or team or game or anything like that.  these are simply a very subjective compillation of play highlights that leave the viewer remarkably uninformed about the overall history of that particular year in nfl history.  there were no statistical presentations - not even a chart showing the league standings!..the superbowl part itself was even more disappointing - if that is possible.  make no mistake!  this product is most definitely not an historical record of each superbowl.  this product will not show any of the following information....1. you will not see any pre-game analysis or get any sense the almost palpable tension the precedes each superbowl..2. you will not see a play-by-play of the game.  80% to 90% of the plays will have been cut out..3. you will not hear any play-by-play analysis from the  announcers as the game unfolds.  all of this has been cut out..4. you will not see any of the normal play-by-play views of the game.  nfl films doesn't have them.  you will only see those  sickening close-ups and slow motion shots. thats all they do!.5. you will not see the formations, or the normal scale view of each play as it unfolds..6. you will not see any of the plays on each team's drives that nfl films does not deem to be of sufficient interest; 90% of them..7. you will not see the half time show.  it has been cut out..8. you will not see any post-game analysis or interviews...to be fair, the problem with this product is not entirely nfl film's fault.  they don't advertise the fact that this is not network film.  nfl films shoot their own film and it is not the same film as the network coverage.  it is not meant to be.  they are selling you their film.  it is the only film they have to sell.  they should be given credit for offering for sale the only historical nfl film that is currently available...this begs the question: why aren't the networks themselves making the historical nfl telecasts available?  why can't we buy the actual telecasts of the games?  why can't we buy every telecast game of our favorite team for a whole season?  one has to believe that the networks are sitting on a huge huge gold mine and don't even know it!  perhaps they haven't lost enough market share to cable yet...i guess my biggest disappointment with this product is not what it is, but what i thought it would be.  the unforgivable fault of nfl films is that they don't make clear that this product is not the original telecast of the games - enhanced or otherwise...jim yarbroug
lol~!!!!.if you want uncut original version, always look for original licensed production. not us release. its a foreign film, it should not be us version to begin with~! hello!!!?? why settle for less with us version where they edit and cut so many excellent scenes especially with jackie's fighting scenes. and us release ruins the speed and sound as well. i have been collecting jet li movies both hk and us release version for quite some time now. i found hk version to be much more in enjoyable, and higher in quality. american market always like to "americanize" and "control". regional code regulation thing is one of the example to control the market. why not let everyone enjoy the same hk original release move the same way rest of the world enjoys it ?? no one makes hollywood american movies to "french version" or "chinese version" ~! this what americans are doing~! well, enjoy the cheap "american version" then~! lo
not only completely and horribly inaccurate, but just plain boring when there are no action scenes.this film is pure hollywood trash.....the plot is blatantly obviously not historical at all.  first of all, we have the wise old emperor marcus aurelius murdered by his corrupt son (keep in mind that corrupt emperors in rome were a dime a dozen), and we have the equivalent of a westernized drama about a tyrant doing away with "republican" institutions, and then being killed and everything's all back to normal, glory hallelujah, praise jesus!..in actual history, the time of post-commodus's rule was chaotic the way post-nero's rule was.  an emperor lasted 86 days, before another civil war broke out for the emperor-ship...the opening battle scene was an absolute mess.  if you know even the most basic about ancient roman fighting style, you'd know that if they even dared to step out of formation and wander around the battlefield on their own like scalded chickens, they'd be butchered.  what starts looking very neatly organized and superbly done degenerates into chaos as the legionaries suddenly abandon all sense of discipline and common sense and start hollywood-fighting (see the mummy returns, braveheart, etc) in which the men just randomly charge the enemy, get themselves stuck deep in enemy lines, and fight one-on-one combat with random soldiers..making this even worse, as soon as the battle was done, it seemed like everyone just collapsed in a big pile the way children who are chasing each other around collapse on top of each other in exhaustion...the dialogue was very simplistic, consisting of braveheart-esque talk of "freedom!" and scathingly sneering at the idea of slavery, with maximus talking of freeing all his slave buddies in the gladiator school (no roman in his right mind would ever consider ending slavery)..the battle scenes in the colisseum are at least very stylish and entertaining.  watching the fights keeps you on edge.  ..unfortunately, for a history buff like me, it is painful to watch.  aside from the use of wrong equipment, it should be know that 1) gladiators did not randomly fight any and all oncomers---they were paired up against gladiators of a different fighting style.2) the end of a fight saw the death of the loser---if this were true, the entire concept of gladiatorial bouts would go out of business quickly.  gladiators are expensive to train and care for.  they were fed the best food, given the best women, treated better even than most free common people.  having one of them die after every bout would be an insane waste of valuable money..3) thumbs down means death---no one really knows if this is true, but it's been said that "a turn of the thumb" means the gladiator is to be killed.  it makes more sense that a thumbs up means death (thumb up, then at the throat, to indicate slitting his throat), thumbs down meaning life (as in to put the sword in the ground, spare him)..aside from the blazing historical inaccuracies, the movie itself is quite dull and flaccid during the non-battle scenes, including the very awkward scenes between commodus and his sister and that random little kid.  the dialogue feels very painful to listen to, because of its dull delivery and stiltedness...keep in mind that the reason this thing is criticized is not due to nitpicking by historians for the historial accuracy and anachronisms and the such.  it is the fact that the entire story just screams freedooooom!  the way braveheart does---except braveheart has an excuse!..king wolf's review provides a very short, blunt description of the "westernization" of the plot...all in all, this was a very unoriginal, highly inaccurate, and overall boring film.  there may be some redeeming features for some viewers, but there are none for me (i am not easily impressed by fight scenes in the colosseum, if there is no story to back it up
gladiator.i have the dvd myself i bought from the store and does not come in the way this one did, it is very dark, can hardly make out what is going on, very hard to watch, not happy with it
the best movie of all time? the gap between critical and popular opinion.this is by critical consensus one of the great movies of all time. in many polls it is taken to be the greatest film of all time. .my sense is that this is critical opinion only, and that few ordinary moviewatchers like myself would think it even close to the top..i must admit i have seen once, or maybe one- and- one half times only.  .the whole mystery around kane's last utterance 'rosebud' and the subsequent search by flashbacks to discover 'who he really was' did not grip. i suppose this is because the type of citizen kane, the hearst-modeled tycoon is not a type which holds any real interest for me. the aura of great wealth and power in business is simply something which leaves me cold..so if the major character is not appealing or of greatest interest, then what can be so 'great' in 'citizen kane'?.here i think there are answers which i as a layperson simply do not get. the introduction of 'deep focus photography'is one such element surely. .in any case this is a movie i did not particularly enjoy watching. but i do not here propose my own reactions as standard of judgment for anyone else
cliched story with really horrid cgi.dragons of fire and ice is your typical story on about two warring kingdoms who eventually come together for a better cause.  one represents the dragons of fire and the other dragons of ice.  eventually an evil wizard forces them to join forces to save both kingdoms...i could have forgiven the cliched story and lame voiceacting if the animation was average to good.  but it's not.  in fact the cgi is poor by even early 90's standpoint.  this would have looked bad 10 - 12 years ago.  some say that kids will see through that and like this.  i disagree, animation has come a long way since we were kids and with 95% of shows and movies featuring outstanding to really good animation (both cell and cgi) i believe the target audience (once again tweens) will look at this and walk away, or watch it once and walk away.  this is not recomended, a lot more effort should have been put into this.  completely unforgivable
not an adam fan.i am just not a fan of sandler.  i've liked a few of his movies enough to be open minded about seeing a new one when they come out, but this is not one i will watch again.  boring and void of anything interesting i couldn't care less what what goes on in this movie.  i cannot recommend this movie at all.
expected more.very few have actually read the novel and if they had they would realize that heathcliff was even more cruel and evil than in the movie.  the movie was dark, the book was horribly dark
shame on you amazon.so amazon, you can buy the complete alias season 1-3 set for $169 or each individual season for $52.49.   hmmm so how does the "amazon exclusive alias 1-3" set save me money?  ($52.49 x 3 = $157.47).  c'mon amazon it was bad enough when you started offering to let us buy an additional book with the one we wanted and still charge us full price for each book, all the while trying to make it look like you were saving us money, but now you are asking for more money to ship 3 dvd sets together than you would to ship each set individually?  maybe you should teach your pricing people how to do basic math
shallow, slow and sad.i consider david lean to be one of the greatest filmmakers ever--but this is far from his best film. the cinematography is sweeping in it beauty (not unlike other films from its day such as the sound of music) and the actors were talented but the love story was so simplified that it lacked the emotional depth needed to give the characters arcs or even elicit sympathy. such is the stuff that fluff is made...another disappointing aspect of this film was it's award winning score. the short dominating theme (which can be heard in its entirety as the dvd menu music) reoccurs every time the star crossed lovers met or are about to meet. the variations on the theme are not well developed so we hear the same 30 seconds of mandolin music again, and again and again. out of all of the academy's nominations in 1965 for substantially original musical score (which included alex north's brilliant work agony and the ecstasy-- alfred newman's awe-inspiring greatest story ever told and what many consider to be the finest musical ever filmed: michel legrand and jacques demy's umbrellas of cherbourg) this was the least deserving of an oscar. i would have awarded frank devol the prize for cat balou (also nominated) before i would have given it to maurice jarre for this score. ..after finally seeing the film--and being so disappointed--i looked into the history of the movie to discover why this is such a well-known work, and here is what i discovered: dr zhivago was a epic book by boris pasternak that was truncated for the movie stripping it of many layers of meaning. as a film it was not critically acclaimed--in fact the reviews were so bad that david lean swore he would never make another movie again (and he didn't for almost 20 years until passage to india). but the public loved it. dr. zhivago made more money, up until that point in time, than all of david lean's previous films combined. dr zhavago was an anti-communist film made during the cold war (probably not an unpopular position) during an era of greater sexual repression. so a movie made in 1965 about a cheating man whose pride and extra-marital affair trumps his concern for his child and wife could--in its time--be seen as romanticized heroism. but not from many people's point of view today. the movie isn't even erotic--just shallow, slow and sad...dr zhavago is more comparable to titanic (which is superior musically and artistically) than it would be to a truly great epic such as the best years of our lives or the bridge on the river kwai. there are far better ways to spend three hours than dr zhivago.
big bird too whiney.i bought this dvd for my daughter who is from china and though i think xiao foo is adorable, i am disappointed by big bird's behavior. not only does he seem frustrated every time the slightest thing does not go his way, but he tells barkley at one point to "sic" the monkey king and then later, again frustrated, tells the monkey king to put his dukes up (as if to fight to resolve the issue). i am appalled by this.  big bird is also somewhat demeaning to the chinese people he encounters--they don't understand him because he is speaking english and rather than explain the language barrier, he just gets upset. i love sesame street, and although i will keep this dvd to hear xiao foo sing in chapter 7 (our daughter just loves her), i feel i will need to use big bird's behavior as an example of how not to act
where is it?.here is another item they want me to review and have not recieved. these must be computer generated on a timeline
ridiculous.are there are actually people comparing this to oldboy? oldboy was flabbergasting. it delivers an invisible slap of surprise on the watcher's face. mr. vengeance fails miserably at creating any sort of effect whatsoever. the storyline is a bit challenged, if you ask me. there is no real feeling of revenge and most of the time the screenplay with characters coming in and going out creates confusion. it took me a while to understand what's actually going on. i watched this 40 days back and can't even recall what happens in the end. what's even more confusing is that i've known to have a prodigious memory of mind, or atleast i claim to...in any case, absolute bollocks of a movie watching experience. avoid
(2.5) just too slow to create any momentum.while sympathy for mr. vengeance is ultimately a fairly good movie, it definitely isn't a fun or good experience to sit through.  the plot to the film is so complicated that it really is tough to keep up with, even though there really isn't that much going on throughout most of the film...basically, ryu and his girlfriend live with ryu's sister who is sick with a kidney problem and needs a transplant.  ryu, who is deaf, is not the same blood type as his sister, so in desperation to save her he signs up to buy a kidney on the black market.  the organ sellers take ryu's kidney and all his money, and then when a "miracle" happens and a donor is found for ryu's sister, he doesn't have the money to pay for the operation.  to try and get the money, ryu and his sister plan a kidnapping of his boss's daughter, and when just about everything goes wrong, ryu and his boss go their own journeys of vengeance that are bound to meet.....if you thought just that synopsis was hard to follow, try watching the actual movie.  some stuff doesn't even really make sense.  for example, when ryu's sister makes a devastating choice, we don't even really know or understand how she came to the conclusion that led her make the choice.  she finds a discharge notice in ryu's pants, and the next thing we know she has figured out the entire plot, including the kidnapping...it just didn't seem right that a movie specifically about vengeance, even with that word in its name, took about a full half of the movie to get to any supposed vengeance by any characters.  i get park's message that vengeance wreaks havoc on all those involved, but ultimately this movie was too much of a downer.  oldboy at least had an extremely interesting story, whereas a film like this, i believe, relies on the revenge emotion to garner any response from its audience.  ..the violence is very gruesome and, some would say, very excessive.  but i still believe that park has a method to his madness, and the gruesome violence is there for a purpose.  park could be a great filmmaker, but there are definitely some kinks that need to be worked out
a trumped up soap opera.the only thing good about this version of tolstoy's classic story is that it represents the novel very well. otherwise this miniseries is a waste of time and entirely aggravating to boot...tolstoy's great character "anna karenina" is reduced to a porcelain skinned bubble head in this film. anna as played by nicola pagett just doesn't do justice to the original character who is supposed to exemplify all things seductive and selfish and remain aloofly beautiful despite all her faults, pagett comes across as falsely attractive and lacking in any seductive ability whatsoever. but she is forced to work with stuart wilson as vronsky and he is even worse! looking like a tenor from a barbershop quartet and acting almost as atrociously wilson shames tolstoy's character beyond words. vronsky is an expert horseman but watching wilson attempt to ride around anna's carriage in one scene is almost comical, he could have used the glue on his fake mustache to hold himself in the saddle a bit better! ..some of the actors in this series pulled off their parts well: eric porter as karenin, caroline langrishe as kitty, robert swann as levin (minus the fake beard!) and a few others. the scenery is gaudy and paper-like with doors that shut and almost fall apart. the costumes are often beautiful, especially the ones worn by "anna karenina". the film itself is exactly like a daytime soap opera and tends to make the entire production quite cheap and unattractive. more effort should have been paid to this miniseries in all aspects in my opinion. thankfully the storyline followed tolstoy's almost to a tee so for anyone looking to place a dramatic interpretation on the classic novel it will be interesting to watch. but i have to say that at the end of 3 hours i was ready to see anna's end so that i could put an end to my own suffering. sadly the best part of the novel, levin's search for faith, is not covered very well. it just goes to show that sometimes the imagination is better than any professional version and in this classic case i believe it to be magnified.
"hoosiers" slasher style....this movie is part canadian soap opera and part effective slasher movie. the plot is a ripoff of the prowler, or vice versa (either way, the prowler is a much better movie, go see that instead). it deals with a vengeful wraith promising to spree if a valentine's party is ever held after a tragic holiday party-to-blame accident in a coal mine left one survivor to resort to cannibalism and unemployment. of coarse you know them crazy kids  go and party anyways. basically, anything to do with the killer miner or the mine itself is great, but everything else is just plain tacky. john stanley of the creature features guide gave it 4 stars...i've decided that anything he says is good is automatically bad. i can't believe that a band actually decided to ripoff this particular piece of pop culture to sell records. its not because they were on drugs but because they were in the imagination-less state of not doing drugs
i liked this when young, but boy did it age badly.i liked this one when growing up so when i found it for less than 5 dollars i got it. man did this movie age badly!!!! not scarey not even so bad it's funny , just bad and not one scare to be had. maybe i was drinking when i saw it, or a least i hope i was man what a mess
my bloody valentine  (1981).director:  george mihalka.cast:  paul kelman, lori hallier, neil affleck, keith knight, alf humphreys, cynthia dale, helene udy, rob stein..running time: 91 minutes.rated r for violence, gore, language, and brief nudity..."my bloody valentine" centers around a crazed miner who returns to haunt a small mining town in canada twenty years after an accident on valentine's day nearly killed him. it seems he and a few others were trapped in a coal mine while the rest of the town was attending a big valentine's day dance which had been a tradition for over 100 years. the town is called valentine bluffs, for pete's sake! anyway, this miner known as "harry warden" was buried in the mine for six weeks following an explosion caused by the failure of two supervisors to check the methane gas levels in the mine shaft. it seems the supervisors were a little too anxious to get to that dance and forgot to make sure harry and the others were safely out. harry warden was the only survivor and apparently had to feast on the dead bodies of the other miners until he was rescued.  needless to say after that ordeal, harry had to be committed to a mental hospital. but one year later, on valentine's day, harry warden broke out of the looney bin and came back to valentine bluffs to seek some revenge. he killed the two supervisors and stuffed their hearts in heart-shaped candy boxes and left them at the dance with a warning attached.   the citizens of valentine bluffs do as all horror film characters do and disregard the warning, finding themselves getting slaughtered one by one as warden envokes his revenge...although the basic idea of the film seems formidable, there is no suspense, the characters are the usual clichs, and many scenes are so underlit we might be watching tar dry.  the mine location is suitably creepy and probably had potential, but there's no point crying over wasted scenery when quite clearly nobody was up to making much of this thin premise that was probably an easy sell to a studio (paramount) that was hot for special occasion-based/date-based horror after "friday the 13th" poured millions into its coffers.  the idea of "my bloody valentine" is much more interesting than the reality of slogging through its turgid scenery.  another one of those "if only..." attempts
didn't work with my toddler.his newborn dvd worked wonders for us, but this one took a dive.  the dvd helped me understand my toddler more, but the way he wants you to communicate with them is a little unreasonable, not to mention embarrassing.  it didn't work with my toddler...he just stared at me and thought i was making fun of him, which made him cry more..i would read the love and logic early childhood parenting book.  i purchased both at the same time and got more out of it
not too realistic.we weren't blown away. i'm not going to start whining in public like my toddler does and i don't think he should be led to believe that it is ok to do. we do try to sympathise with him but not to that degree. the dr. seem a bit strange as well
not one of connery's best moments.i really don't know what he was thinking when staring as zed in this film.  it was a box office failer.  if you are a cult fan this is the movie for you.  otherwise, if you have nothing else better to watch, this film will help you sleep because it is boring
most hilariously horrible film i've seen.although this is worth seeing for sean connery in a red diaper, the rest is just so, so bad..the incoherent and poorly developed plot as well as completely unlikable characters earns this movie a place in horrible movie heaven..there's everything for the fan of extra-crappy sci-fi including flying stone heads and gratuitous nudity.
only 2 things i liked.i didnt know what to think of this movie when it first came out , i played hooky from school and went to the mall and went to the movies , and saw this one , i just sat there dumb founded and wondered why arent the cops doing anything , then again there wouldnt be a movie would there lol ?..the only 2 things i liked in this movie are morgan fairchild and the idea she finally shot and killed  the freak at the end ...the very idea that a mad man /rapist can be reduced to a child is not all that strange , i can see anyone mocking a jerk and reducing him to nothing , then again it could piss them off and make matters worse ...i like seeing a woman carrying a role where she is not the victim but the heron and finally morgan fairchilds character did that ...btw i do remember hearing the song for the theme in this movie and recognised it as dionne warwick  , but can someone tell me the name of the song and where i might get it , it may be the 3rd best thing i liked about the movie lol..cia
emily bronte rolling in her grave d:lt;.murder was commited here by mtv and the victim's name is classic english literature...this is by far the worst insult that mtv could have given to a respectable writer like emily bronte and they have the audacity to call it "an mtv original". all they did was butcher her only literary masterpiece into an abominable high school drama for kids to enjoy. if emily bronte were to raise from her grave today to see how badly mtv butchered her only masterpiece, she would have fallen back into it, but not before she had the chance to murder the crew at mtv for such a blasphemy. ..don't waste your time and money by buying this garbage if you are a fan of the original novel by bronte. it'll only serve to make your eyes bleed and i honestly don't understand how people can give this movie five stars when the characters and story were so horridly portrayed and completely stripped of their essence. if anything, i would recommend the lawrence olivier version or the 1992 version with juliette binoche and ralph fiennes. those versions atleast manage to stay true to the real essence of the story and its characters. ..words alone cannot even begin to describe how badly my heart ached to see the work of my one my favourite writers of all time get displayed with such vile mediocrity
se blah.don't even waste your time with this movie and definitely don't make the mistake of buying it.  it was completely lifeless
warning: classic love romance in mtv style (and it's from mtv ... lots of songs with shallow story).this is an mtv original movie which takes a daring step - modernized `wuthering heights' in mtv style. modernizing classics can be tricky, and not everyone is happy with dicaprio's `romeo and juliet' of which success must be the reason for the production of this `wuthering heights.' still, i think it is not impossible to make a decent film out of emily bronte classic in modern situation. you don't have to be perfectly faithful to the book because it is practically impossible (juliette binoche and ralph fiennes version tries it but didn't work)...so i bought the video and watched it. my impression is ... can you give me a refund please? i don't mind if they changed the names. heathcliff is heath and catherine is cate. "wuthering heights" becomes `heights' the lighthouse by the beautiful seaside. and, see, heath, formerly an orphan raised by kind mr. earnshaw, is so cool a guy that he grows up to be a rock-star. this sounds pretty incredible, but i have to believe this story because heath is a "musically talented homeless youth," according to the descriptions on the back cover of the vhs. but what is really incredible is not that part...[lifeless characters and dialogues] `i love you' - melodramatic music starts -- `i love you' - music continues: fade out - `no, i wanna go. i hate you!' `you belong with me!' `let go of me!' `wait!' `let go of me!" -- the story goes on and on like this. there is no chemistry between heath and cate, and rich boy edward is peeping at them through a telescope from his mansion. cate's brother hendrix is reduced to awful stereotype of punk rock musician who can smashes a guitar in pieces. as to musical instruments, edward can be as wild as hendrix for he can throws a violin-cello into the ocean if he likes. oh, and the conclusion of the film is pretty weird...erika christensen (`swinfan'), mike vogel (`the texas chainsaw massacre'), chris masterson (`malcolm in the middle'), johnny whitworth (`empire records') and katherine heigl (`roswell') appear, but none of them is allowed to show what they can do. there is no chance form the cast from the beginning when the story is so thin, and the romance is so shallow. john doe and aimee osbourne also appear briefly, but can do nothing to save the film from the mess...don't waist your precious time of your life as i did, watching this terrible adaptation.
i want my wasted 2 hours back!.as usual when updating a classic, everything gets all screwed up. mtv assassinates another classic. the characters are cold, overly melodramatic and basically not very interesting. i had high hopes since i really liked erika christensen and thought she was quite talented. she is about the only likable character in the movie and she still was vain and shallow. john doe (from the band x) is wasted here, but luckily gets to bow out early and probably wished he was billed as bob smith instead. the rest of the cast is so extremely spoiled and unlikeable you just wish they'd all die off soon after doe does. an absolute waste of good filmstock. i wish i could describe it more but it put me to sleep so often i had to watch it 3 times just to put the lame excuse of a story together. no stars!!
cows catching a bad guy? weak story and silly jokes, wasted talent of roseanne barr.`home on the range' is not as terrible as you might be led to believe after watching the disappointing results on the us box-office, but still it is painfully clear that disney is no longer what it used to be when it was making glorious `the beauty and the beast' and charming `little mermaid.' the company's deep-seated problems about animation making have been discussed elsewhere - like its ill-advised decision of making so-called cheapquels - so, let's not talk about it right now, but `home on the range' shows how this prestigious studio lost its creative power in such a short time. ..[weak story] no one can deny this. in fact, the story of `home on the range' has certain potential, but the film misses every opportunity to make good use of it. the film actually starts promisingly. three cows travel to catch a notorious thief for reward, in order to save the ranch where they live from bankruptcy. there are adventures, friendship, and several funny supporting characters, all voiced by capable cast including roseanne (as roseanne barr who is just brilliant). ..[why? cows?] still seen as a whole, `home on the range' doesn't add up to much partly because the film has no pivotal theme. it shows the love/ hate relations between a trio of the traveling cows just a little; it shows musical numbers a little; a wacky jokes a little (hypnotized cows by yodeling); a funnyman a little (very funny steve buscemi); a funny horse a little (equally good cuba gooding jr.); and finally, `indiana-jones'-like actions a little. the film is very short (less than 80 minutes), but tried to do so many things...but probably more fundamental thing is this. why cows? i thought the same thing while recently watching `chicken little,' but some animals cannot just look interesting or charming when translated into the world of animated films. unlike dogs, cows look the same, and i couldn't see much difference between the three bovine heroines. i don't say cows are dull creatures, but still are not the best choice to make a film about. and though roseanne barr and jennifer tilly are convincing as ... well, cows (and barr and tilly fit in the roles nicely) the idea of judi dench as english aristocratic cow never looks good to me, and the voice of dench sounds very uncomfortable, a bit too theatrical for this media...perhaps i should not accuse the directors of making the film's uninspired storytelling (for adults, i mean). if what i hear from them on dvd is true (and there is no reason to doubt it), there must have been so many changes even from the pre-production stage. you often hear this: changed story, deleted scenes, reaction from the test audience, etc. now it is a well-known fact that major studios attempt to `adjust' the film to the supposed taste of the supposed audience. perhaps it is the real culprit of the disappointing works from these studios. i am not sure. but the film has beautiful hand-drawn images and good songs, and if the story fails to match them, that's the most likely explanation for that
horrible just plan horrible.when i saw this "movie"(witch thank god was on my tv)it bored my tarrible.why didn't disney just say:duh lets make a "movie" that will bore and dissipoint people so much thay want to puke!.when thay said "bust a moo!" i think thay were saying "bust a moovie!" i mean normaly i like funny movies but this was...i don't know what it was.the music was bad the vioces were bad the whole stinken story was bad.it does not say anything about the carcters(if thats what you want to call them thay were more like props to me)in 3 seconds thay accept the fat brown cow in 5 seconds thay burst into song in 7 seconds there going to take the farm in 10 seconds the cows have gone there differnet ways..the music forgettible(witch is odd because i like bonnie raitt).the "props" even more forrgetible the jokes forrgetible the plot is just lousy.i can only remeber one joke and it was a long skinny "hippie cow" singing so bad it will make you puke...if you want a good "moovie"(pardon the pun)buy madagascar
moribund attempt to revive the genre.does the relative box office failure of "home on the range" signal the end of the kind of hand-drawn animated films that helped make disney an international trademark and a household name?  hard as it may be for purists of the genre to accept, the sad truth is that any cel-based work would have to be pretty darn impressive to win back an audience that has, in the last decade or so, grown accustomed to the sophisticated computer-generated graphics of the "toy story" and "shrek" movies.  unfortunately, "home on the range" turns out to be as old-school and retro in its storyline and theme as it is in its style and form.  ..in this amiable but dull tale set in the old west, three cows take matters into their own hooves when the farm on which they reside is threatened with foreclosure and liquidation at auction.  to rustle up funds to prevent this from happening, the three bovines go in search of rico, an outlaw with a hefty price on his head, and encounter many adventures along the way.  ..roseanne barr, steve buscemi, judi dench, randy quaid and cuba gooding jr., among others, do yeoman voiceover work, but the screenplay doesn't give them much in the way of drama and wit to work with.  at best the jokes are only mildly amusing, and the few double entendres the filmmakers have included sound strangely inappropriate emanating from a movie aimed, essentially, at a very young audience (and the only ones likely to be entertained by this).  compared to what modern youngsters are used to in the way of animation, the visual style here, though bright and colorful, is, at best, rudimentary and, at worst, primitive...it's possible that someday traditional animation will mount a well-deserved comeback;  until that time, consider this to be the final nail in the genre`s coffin.  r.i.p
paris when it fizzles.in 1964 when this movie came out in the theaters the reviews it got were not good.  i was 14 at the time and remember my mother reading about it in the newspaper, and the headline for this movie was "paris when it fizzles."  there was little chemistry between hepburn and holden.  when i finally saw the movie.  they were right.  i simply like both actors, mainly because i liked them in "sabrina" but, like the critics said; it fizzled
childish entertainment.this movie is about a script writer and a secretary who comes to type out his ideas for him. the man has no idea what to write about so the secretary helps him with ideas and the two begin writing an insane love story about these two characters based on the two of them. the two begin to fall in love with each other...this film is definitely out of new hollywood although it was made on the cusp. it is purely entertainment and has nothing thought provoking in it at all. many of the scenes are overacted, but they're not funny the way they were intended to be. instead, they're obnoxious and childish...the best part of the film is the ending which comes too late in the movie to salvage it. tony curtis plays a minor character who keeps being reminded he is such; his role in the ending provides much needed comic relief. in the last scene, the writer admits the script he wrote was trash, but that doesn't change the fact that one had to sit through the trash to get to that admittance. it doesn't redeem the film...the film includes a great cast with stars like william holden and audrey hepburn and cameos by tony curtis and marlene dietrich, but their presence is useless in such a worthless film
don't buy this !!.the worst part about the zelda episodes is that it is just a series of commercial endorsements. before each episode, not just at the beginning of the series, there is a lengthy advertisement for a mario brothers cartoon. it is a blatant and unnecessary plug. i didn't pay good money for an advertisement to be shoved in my face over and over again...the episodes themselves aren't very good either. i don't recommend buying it
snapshot of addiction: two-weeks worth of junkies' fighting their demons.a rambling vignette of a group of recovering ex-con addicts who seem hopelessly glued to their world of narco-narcissism. imagine stepping into an inner city drug rehab program for forty-something coke-heads and booze-brothers and following them through their daily travails. this is what watching this film is all about. ..superb performances and authentic dialogue are counterbalanced by the tedium of watching the day-to-day meanderings of dope fiends who do very little of a noteworthy nature other than get a girl friend pregnant and overdose on heroin. for its realism, this picture is without equal: it is superb. as a compelling drama, it falls flat thanks to a story that has just too few meaty nuggets to keep one's interest
no power.the book of acts is a book of power!  sadly, this is what is lacking in the dvd presentation.  the minute i began watching i knew it was going to be a weak (acting) rendition of the story.  thankfully, it is word for word from the bible, which is why i gave it two stars.  reading through the book of acts one can almost feel the electricity of the holy spirit working in and through the lives of the apostles and believers.  all of that is lost in the dvd presentation.  ..i would not recommend this dvd.  stick to the book instead
don't waste your time !.i recommend you to not waste your time watching this movie. i'm a huge fan of christian and biblical movies, but this "acts" movie is a shame, it's ridiculous! there's an other film that i fully recommend: "the gospel of john", this one worths to be watched. the peace of the lord be with you
mr sam.the whole movie was good and word for word with the bible.the issue that i have is the acting played by james brolin did not show peter as commanding.also it seemed to me that there were not enough back ground actors.it was kind of dull
it sure felt like 80 days."around the world in 80 days" is a galumphing, elephantine remake of the movie that won the best picture oscar of 1956.  both films are, of course, based on the 19th century jules verne classic in which victorian nobleman phileas fogg makes a wager with the skeptical members of the british royal academy that he can circumnavigate the globe in the time alluded to in the title.  aided and abetted by his trusty valet and a young woman he picks up along the way, fogg employs many then state-of-the-art traveling methods - hot-air balloon, locomotive, steamship etc. - to help him reach his goal...this adaptation completely misses the charm and epic feel of both the novel and the original movie version.  the suave and sophisticated david niven has been replaced by the bland and unattractive steve coogan, who plays fogg as a sort of absent-minded professor type rather than the bon vivant man-of-the-world that niven made of him.  jackie chan, who was instrumental in getting the film made in the first place, is a completely inadequate substitute for the delightful cantinflas, a huge star in latin america who made his name in the united states with the first film.  chan's performance consists almost entirely of smiling coyly and mugging for the camera.  cecile de france is grating and annoying in the role initially enacted by the peerless shirley maclaine.  ..where the original film soared effortlessly into the rarified stratosphere of charm and imagination, this version lumbers along heavy-laden and earthbound, even going so far as to add a dreary subplot about a stolen holy relic and chan's efforts to return it to his native village in china.  ..the 1956 version was famous for featuring dozens of major stars of the time in various cameo appearances.  this new adaptation dispenses with this conceit entirely, with the one exception of arnold schwarzenegger, who appears for a few moments as a turkish sultan, in a performance that is so intensely embarrassing that one is tempted to look away out of compassion for the man.  but then that's pretty much the audience's reaction all the way through this film
nice action, boring story.i hesitated getting this movie after reading some of the reviews, turns out the reviews were right.  the original story is fascinating and exciting, if you enjoy reading. this movie only vaguely follows the book, frittering away its great potential while thoroughly boring this viewer.  jackie chan's fight scenes are good, which provided me an opportunity to stop snoring enough to watch a bit of the movie. i have not viewed the old classic with david niven, but just might since this movie was a complete (almost, thanks to jackie)  waste of time and electricity
i don't usually agree with the critics but....just watched this movie and saddly that is 2 hours of my life i will never get back again...i really enjoy jackie chan as an actor, but i have no idea why he elected to act in this movie...this movie attempts the recent sucess of remaking classic movies into 'modern-day' tales and capatilazing on people wanting to watch their favorite actors...this movie is tedious and often blunders through guest appearances and trys to forcefeed the plot line down our throats...if you are looking for a couple light laughs that will fill two hours... find it somewhere else..
the only good part of this movie is when.......tara reid offers a certain favor for a thousand dollars. other than that, it's a typical coen brothers "look-we're-being-clever" affair. and yet the laughs are few and the "zaniness" rings hollow
ugh!.mos def, i can not deal..................directors, producers don't do "him" again!  i can't stand his character or his acting!!!!!!!!!!  taye diggs and sanaa lathan, are such a visual cliche' they have been in like 3 movies opposite of each other, ok! there are other actors and actresses out there.  but nevertheless they did an awesome job!  nicole ari parker, plays a great villan always!  is she really a bitch or something
dvd navigation.this dvd does not allow you to skip scenes or to choose which scene you would like to see from the menu.  you have to watch the entire movie from begining to end which is really frustrating the mjaority of the time
they're all evil -- they just hate our freedom.if the title of my review speaks to you, you'll love this simpistic dvd, which explains the world in terms of good and evil, "them" and "us." kind of scary to watch, actually -- because i fear that many people feel this way, including the pugnaciously anti-intellectual currently camped out in the white house...the problem with worldviews such as this one is that they incite more of the very violence and tragically misguided outcomes they purport to oppose. woe unto all of us if we don't wake up, and soon, to the truth behind the lies...if you're looking for information that enlightens, empowers, and makes you think, i urge you to consider the following books: "the great turning," by david korten; "the powers that be," by walter wink; "the great work," by thomas berry; "the chalice and the blade," by riane eisler, "nonviolent communications," by marshall rosenberg, and "confessions of an economic hit man," by john perkins
overly simplistic right wing views.i found the information on this dvd presented at an extremely superficial and overly simplistic level.  i expected a more thorough discussion of the issues - i didn't agree with the views presented by mr meyer but i did expect him to describe his views in a deeper and more detailed manner.  suitable for viewers who are looking for a simplistic overview of american right wing opinion
i was looking forward to seing this and laughing but....it is not funny. horrible movie
disappointing.although this production did generate a few laughs, the casting is poor, and frankly i expected better from steve martin. it can be summed up in the five second segment in which he noisily passes gas in what he thinks is a soundproof room--yuk
shirley.interesting story, but a typical airplane movie (which i where i saw it accidentaly). the acting is ok but not their best, and reiner... well, let's say he will forever be a god for making spinal tap and when harry met sally. this movie, how clever interwoven it is with the graduate, didn't do anything...extra star for shirley maclaine, she is great in this one
most of all you've got to hide it from the kids.there is nothing better than finding out your family history is the basis of a book and movie especially when it's a salacious one. that would be the premise, and pretty ingenious one, for rumor has it... the movie follows jennifer aniston (leprechaun) as she slowly starts to realize that her mother and grandmother were the people who inspired the graduate. throwing a bigger wrinkle into her life is the possible that the real life dustin hoffman character could be her father...the dude in question is kevin costner (waterworld) who plays the real life graduate even though he never did but as he tells it the dropout wasn't as catchy. shirley mclaine (cannonball run ii) is the matriarch and first female in the family to bed costner. then there is mark ruffalo, who has been in almost forty films but has yet to be memorable in one, as aniston's fiance who puts up with her cold feet and search for her possible father because, well, he looks like mark ruffalo and she looks like jennifer aniston. rounding out the cast is my hero, shooter mcgavin himself as one of costner's business buddies...even though the plot is a clever one, the film sinks in its delivery which seems to be a theme in the last couple movies i've seen. it is like the producers, which this film actually had ten of including ocean's 11 duo of george clooney and steven soderbergh, get a topic that they feel could write itself. but in this film, the laugh are far and few in between or beat to death. the funniest bits come when they reference the film especially when aniston wonder why she wasn't told of her family secret to which ruffalo sing "but most of all you got to hide it from the kids." but not all the graduate reference are great as it sometimes felt as if you needed to just see the film to get the joke, which i haven't in more than a decade. another sticking point with the film was aniston in full rachel green mode not getting the memo that this was a film and not a sitcom. her overacting got old quicker as her show did (for those keeping track at home, that would be sometime around the second season)
it's not beginner enough.it's beginner ii. true i didn't see the "ii" until it came. however, i've done yoga and in my opinion it's not beginner..if you are male, this one is not apppropriate.  .there are no physical examples of modified poses.  if you are fairly flexible already, for example if it's not strain at all to sit straigth up--all the way on sit bones, with legs straight out (and do some stretching from there) then this is ok for you. if not, get something else. i couldn't find anything however.
for beginners to working out in general.this dvd was simply an overview to pilates it would have been better if there was an extended workout included or different people doing intermediate and difficult. the pausing in between moves to explain the positions was helpful but it just broke up the workout so you finish feeling you have had the easiest workout ever...i guess it is better then sitting on the sofa! i would reccommend denise austin's power yoga
potentially very hot, but sucked instead!.i generally like some of these french-comic-books-turned-into-movies because they're usually pretty erotic.  jane fonda's role in barbarella comes to mind.  this gwendoline series definitely had the potential what with the scantily-clad women-in-bondage theme and the scenes involving gwendoline with her dominant girlfriend...but the very beautiful tawney kitaen (cast as gwendoline) apparently balked at doing girl/girl scenes (this was 1984, after all), and so the producers obligingly didn't force her to do any, and as a result this one turned into a very bland, weak, and diluted version of raiders of the lost ark.  it's not a good adventure film, and it's certainly not erotic...there's a little nudity, and some ridiculous moments that are supposed to capture the kinkiness of the french comics, but overall this one was a disappointing bust.
way to easy.for someone who has been a couch potato for the last couple of years - i wanted to get back into shape. i heard about pilates and wanted to try a dvd, but also get some aerobics in as well.  the concept of this video was good (mixing yoga, pilates and a little dance) but for the price - way too short and way too easy.  in about 3 sessions i could complete the full workout and was often bored by the time the "soul" part came on...i am used to denise's "enthusiasm" so she did not bother me in that way..all in all - good dvd if you are really out of shape and want to get started
bad acting...hot stars.i must admit that i am a guy and that i bought this movie before seeing it. i was not shocked with the horrible acting, but was surprised with the hot stars. this movie had both hot guys and girls. the actor that caught my eye was steven albrecht "freddy", he is so hot. we get see him completely nude showing off his hot body.  he did a great job in his breif scene. josh edwards "trian" was okay to look at too. as for the actress...venesa taylor is also hot
no good scenes in the whole movie.this movie doesn't have a single scene worth watching. femalien 1 is in another league, don't waste your time on the sequel
stargate 2012 - the review.i started to watch this dvd and turned it off, it is basically a videoed presentation taken at a convention. it has nothing to do with stargate the movie or tv series which was very disappointing. it appears to be a technical explanation of blackholes, ancient earth legends and the like.  while the subject matter is interesting i found the presentation to be very long, drawn out and boring.  the title is very misleading and i will repeat it so that's it's very clear this has nothing to do with the stargate series...to wrap it up i thought this was a waste of my time and money.  if however, you are really into watching recorded presentations of this nature it could be your thing
this is not related to the television show or movie.i suppose i could have given it a higher rating for being so 'out there' but i get the impression that this guy is purely out to capitalise on the popular television series, stargate, when this has absolutely nothing to do with the show or movie of the same name. potential buyers should be aware of this. the same author has done  this before in relation to atlantis, immediately after the spin-off series was released. ..this 'presentation' is a variation on the astronauts built the pyramids and the gods are really ets theme, and a poorly presented one at that. one of the television stargate novels did the mayan thing and did it well, but the author made no attempt to covert me into a believer.  if you want to believe in this sort of thing, fine, but i'd suggest buying von daniken (chariots of the gods, for example) or sitchin's work, or joining the scientology group, and give this one a wide miss.
a dreadful adapatation.although copenhagen is among my favorite plays, i have to say, this is a dreadful adaptation. the abstract, almost expressionist staging is stripped away in favor of an unfortunately literal reading of the characters' claim to be ghosts. much of the meat of the play, including virtuall all of the depictions of the culture of the physicists in copenhagen is absent. the play's wandering and fruitless searching becomes an overly direct beeline to frayn's eventual conclusions. these cuts are especially inexcusable considering that copehagen is far from a long play...all of which is a huge pity. as i said, i firmly believe copenhagen to be among the greatest plays of the 20th century. but this is a woefully inadequate adapation, and it's downright criminal that it's the only filmic adaptation we have. one can only hope that a better one will come along some day
pseudo-profound woody in the big apple.annie hall was a fresh, original film.  when woody went back two years later to the same turf and gave us manhattan, he returned with a more empty vessel.  i feel that most of the themes common to both movies were done better in annie hall, and the original elements here are hollow.  i don't care what ebert blabbers about how this is about love and loss--that's creative writing.  (ebert's good at that if you read him carefully.)  you could say a lot of films--dr. zhivago, the unbearable lightness of being, chinatown, casablanca, king kong--are about "love and loss."  this is just a glossy soap opera for intellects, or presumed-intellects.  if this didn't take place in new york with a bunch of nyu-educated bookish types who toss around names like nietzsche and mozart and freud the way others talk about jerry rice and barry bonds, nobody would take it seriously as anything more than a middle-aged man's midlife crisis on film...and honestly, the performances aren't anything to crow about either.  diane keaton is diane keaton...i don't see much range in this actress.  she was good as annie hall, but that part suited her.  here she steps the neurosis down a step or two, and is instead more controlling.  meryl streep looks seriously constricted here, as though she's struggling to pull something out of her part that's more than the stereotypical "cold bitch."  she stated later woody allen was the one director she'd never work with again, and i think her difficulties show up on the screen.  like diane keaton, michael murphy is michael murphy.  you know what you're getting as soon as you hear the name.  and of course, woody is woody.  the one standout performance comes from a teenaged mariel hemmingway, who playes her role with both an awkward vulnerability and a wisdom beyond her years.  the film is at least interesting when she is in it...much is made of the "glorious, romantic" framing of new york city, but seriously, when you photograph a city in black and white, and put "oh lady be good" on the soundtrack, it's not hard to evoke romance.  and i find some of the shots, where woody holds on a doorway or empty wall for a minte and a half while a character walks in and out, to be laughably pretentious.  i love gordon willis, but here i think we get his lensing abilities without his brain behind the camera.  compare his work in the godfather, for example...so while so many "auteur critics" get all excited over woody's angst-filled films with black and white photography, a stationary camera, a soundtrack of standards, and perplexed people who never seem to have jobs (where else but in woody's world do people write plays or fingerpaint for a living and yet live in manhattan apartments and eat at expensive restaurants and spend their days in museums?), i find myself unimpressed.  i know a lot of people will think i "don't get it."  i "get it" just fine.  they don't get it.  they're impressed by the packaging, the pretense.  woody wants so badly to be america's premiere director of serious cinemah, and his fans want so badly for him to be so to reflect their own good taste, that they elevated him to the status of full-blown genius before he really matured.  he has made some fine films over the decades but never really hit his maximum potential, given the total artistic freedom he has been given.  instead he has made films mfa students go to see when they want to feel superior to the rest of the world...there are, of course, some very good bits in this film.  for all his own pretention, woody is good at skewering pretension himself, and the party scene where the woman says she had the "wrong" kind of orgasm is a hoot.  also, some of the anxious hemingway dating moments, and the scene in the planetarium with keaton, are well-done.  i know it's been said before, but woody really should really try to be funnier and cut back on the navel-gazing...the dvd itself is standard-issue woody allen, meaning no commentary track, no features, and nothing aside from a beat-up theatrical trailer.  sound, as so many others have observed, is mono--this in a movie where gershwin and the new york philharmonic are important co-stars.  but some of woody's die-hard fans undoubtedly feel the mono sound adds to the profundity of it all.  after all, aren't bergman's films mono, too?
chaplin classic deserves a better dvd.warner must have fell asleep at the wheel with its dvd reissue of charlie chaplin's "monsieur verdoux." the "remastered" print is dark, murky and virtually unwatchable. in fact, it's a strain on the eyes! the additional star is given only for the extras -- especially the excellent "chaplin today" documentary. this dvd should be taken off the market until warner gets its act together.
it's no citizen kane.i found this film accidentially on amazon and was curious because i know welles didn't complete a great deal of films.  his directorial flourishes are definitely evident, but it is hard to really enjoy the film do to the quality of the transfer.  the picture is dark and the audio is exceptionally bad.  it looks like there were some budgetary issues in the making of the film so i couldn't tell whether this was a bad dvd presentation of a mediocre film, or an awful movie put on dvd badly.  i did not shell out of the criterion edition, which might give a better glimpse into the qualities of the film
appauling quality.this is a potentially very good film. interesting idea (bearing some resemblance to "angel heart"). sadly marred by a quite appauling transfer. i don't think i've ever bought (dvd or video) or seen (tv or cinema) quite such an awful copy of a movie. it is clearly stuck together from more than one original, with the logo "delta" appearing now and again in the bottom right hand corner, but don't be misled into thinking this is the most complete version. the term "special edition" seems to refer only to the fact that it has been released !!!!! tony curtis does an incredibly poor intro and epilogue (clearly from some late night cheap tv series)...don't buy it...maybe there's a better version (i read talk of a "critereon" disc), maybe not. still, it really isn't worth (any) money
extremely good story but terrible picture quality.i bought orson welles citizen kane and liked it so i decided to watch other welles movies. i bought mr. arkadin because the dvd is cheap and rated high on imdb. i should have buyed touch of evil instead. the quality of the picture is laughable, sometimes there are glitches in the sound during scene changes. judging by the picture and sound quality i would say that they used equipment from the 30's to shoot and edit the movie and that the print used for that transfer was stored in a refrigerator during 45 years. welles directing work is good but obviously he had to deal with the poor quality of the european movie industry of the 50's. sometimes the picture shake, during the opening credits the captions are white on a white or gray background so we can't read everything. the editing is very poor, there are too many scene changes. when i bought this dvd i expected to receive the laserlight version, instead i got a dvd made by alpha video. the case cover is different and there is no supplemental material. he was mastered cheaply on a pc with the spruceup dvd maestro software, that seem to create problems, each time i try to play the disc on my computer the fbi warning message appear and then the disc eject. i didn't notice any audio syncing problems however. this movie is the perfect candidate for a remake. i give **** for the story and * for the overall quality of the movie
poor quality ruins the experience.i am referring to the laser light dvd edition of this film, which promises the best digital transfer of the film.  that is great, but they used the worst print anyone could concieve to transfer!  i taped this off of television awhile back and decided to buy a dvd version and this is 100 times worse than the version i taped myself on the slowest speed off of late night tv!  in reading other reviews it appears that there is a much better vhs version and i would recommend that over this.  do not be fooled like i was with the fine condition of welles' quot;the trialquot; by laser light or the pipe smoking picture packaging of this.  this version of arkardin is a total waste of money
shallow, slow and sad.i consider david lean to be one of the greatest filmmakers ever--but this is far from his best film. the cinematography is sweeping in it beauty (not unlike other films from its day such as the sound of music) and the actors were talented but the love story was so simplified that it lacked the emotional depth needed to give the characters arcs or even elicit sympathy. such is the stuff that fluff is made...another disappointing aspect of this film was it's award winning score. the short dominating theme (which can be heard in its entirety as the dvd menu music) reoccurs every time the star crossed lovers met or are about to meet. the variations on the theme are not well developed so we hear the same 30 seconds of mandolin music again, and again and again. out of all of the academy's nominations in 1965 for substantially original musical score (which included alex north's brilliant work agony and the ecstasy-- alfred newman's awe-inspiring greatest story ever told and what many consider to be the finest musical ever filmed: michel legrand and jacques demy's umbrellas of cherbourg) this was the least deserving of an oscar. i would have awarded frank devol the prize for cat balou (also nominated) before i would have given it to maurice jarre for this score. ..after finally seeing the film--and being so disappointed--i looked into the history of the movie to discover why this is such a well-known work, and here is what i discovered: dr zhivago was a epic book by boris pasternak that was truncated for the movie stripping it of many layers of meaning. as a film it was not critically acclaimed--in fact the reviews were so bad that david lean swore he would never make another movie again (and he didn't for almost 20 years until passage to india). but the public loved it. dr. zhivago made more money, up until that point in time, than all of david lean's previous films combined. dr zhavago was an anti-communist film made during the cold war (probably not an unpopular position) during an era of greater sexual repression. so a movie made in 1965 about a cheating man whose pride and extra-marital affair trumps his concern for his child and wife could--in its time--be seen as romanticized heroism. but not from many people's point of view today. the movie isn't even erotic--just shallow, slow and sad...dr zhavago is more comparable to titanic (which is superior musically and artistically) than it would be to a truly great epic such as the best years of our lives or the bridge on the river kwai. there are far better ways to spend three hours than dr zhivago.
not too bad.i rented this dvd and actually really enjoyed the first 30 minutes. the title is misleading as the graveyard is only a backdrop for a sleep-away camp type slasher flick. the characters for the most part are good and the suspense level is more than expected for the first 45 minutes, but then it drops off quick. the killer is known almost immidiately and a few characters never really fit into the plot. overall, this is no classic, but fits the general mold of 80's slasher flick done 20 years past it time..
poor man.1st 10 minutes were all right but it went to nothing but a waste of my time after that!!!!
going to the graveyard and we're...gonna get ber-er-er-ied.once upon a time a group of high school campers decided to pull a prank on one of their number in a graveyard when they were playing "run for your life," which is basically hide and go seek for drunken teenagers.  the prank worked so well that he ended up dead, which was bad, but at least we understood why this film took all that time introducing the cast by having them go through a hole in an iron gate in supposedly interesting ways.  five years later we learn that despite their collective guilt, only bobby (patrick scott lewis), the kid behind the mask, was charged, convicted and imprisoned for the death.  bobby gets paroled and michelle (lindsay ballew), takes him back to the place where it all happened so they can be killed by somebody in mask...okay, so that is not the real reason that everybody gets together for the first time since the tragedy, but it might as well be.  this seems hardly a situation conducive to having a good time, let alone sex, but you know how these splatter flicks go.  i have to say my main thought while watching this film was that i miss tan lines.  that is because every time one of the young women in this film ends up naked i was struck by their tans.  there is something odd about naked women being so tan in scenes shot at night since i tend to associate tanning with sunshine.  but i also recall the old days, when women had tan lines and seeing them was something special, especially in the real world where there was an effort to make them go away.  after all, this was something a woman did not want you to see, so like all such things, it made it worth seeing.  tan lines are sexy.  totally naked women, not so much...despite the ample red herrings, you should know who the killer is and why (actually "why" gives you "who").  we are talking strictly 1980s slasher cinema here, although the cinematography by hank baumert jr. (winner of the festival prize for best cinematography at the 2003 hollywood minidv festival for "the good book"), is vastly superior to anything from that actual era.  too bad the story and acting are not up to the camera work.   there is more gore than nudity, which is how it should be, and the only character who really stands out is the local sheriff (sam bologna) who still manages to fall asleep despite finding decapitated heads and an ex-con on parole.  i have a rule about only giving splatter flicks only one star, and this film is not that bad and i actually got one good laugh on it (on the line, "seriously...look under the bed").   ..my understanding is that "the graveyard" was originally supposed to be "bloody murder 3," a series of camp slasher flicks that got off to a bad start with the original, gave significant signs of hope, and then went back to a lack of imagination for this offering.  the common denominator is camp placid pines for what little that is worth (hey, boys and girls, how many serial killers does it take to close a summer camp?).   there is a good horror film to be made in a graveyard, but this 2006 direct to video offering would not be it.  so "pet sematary" would still be at the head of that small class
this should of stayed in the graveyard.a group of friends go to a graveyard for a game of hide and seek but something happens that night when their friend eric is accidently killed. their friend bobby takes the wrap and is sent in lock up for 5 years. now 5 years later bobby is sprung out and the gang all go to remember their friend eric. they all camp up at this camping resort with cabins and what not. suddenly someone is starting to kill everyone off one by one. no logic in this brain dead thriller killer movie. the whole movie is one big pile of crizap with lame acting and terrible dialouge. nudity yes but it's nothing special.  divert this bomb while you still can. forgettable stupidity fails bigtim
predictable and without suspense---or ending.this movie didn't have enough character to be bad. it was merely boring, predictable, and by the numbers. for one thing, it's only called the graveyard because that's an interesting title; for another, it's set in---get this-----a summer camp. at night. with a killer on the loose.  you have horny twenty-somethings, a nude scene---with a woman and not a man nude, by the way---and a shower scene with still more nudity. the characters have no discernable characters, and the only thing that was missing was a hockey mask.  it's like the director and writer didn't even put any effort into it all. oh, yeah, and there was a bunch of running and yelling and a stupid cop and misdirection and....stuff, none of which made much of an impression at all.
i trusted the amazon reviews, but was really disappointed.i had thought that "veronica mars" (vm) might be a good replacement for "alias" in our family dvd viewing. my two children, ages 9  11, have been really into alias (we're currently in season 2), but occasionally their mother and i worry about the level of violence. i was impressed by the generally high ratings that amazon reviewers have given vm, and all the positive remarks here about how intelligent the show is. so i bought the first season of vm, and this evening we started watching.....after five minutes, i told my children, "sorry, but this is crap". they wanted to watch a bit more, so we ended up watching about 20 mins total. the children agreed with me then that we should quit vm, and instead watch another episode of alias. later, i told them i was going to sell the vm season asap. no complaints...my critique of vm: ..the show's writing is indeed sophisticated, as so many reviewers here have celebrated. but what vm's writers achieved, at least to me, is a super-phony effect: a 16-year old girl channeling  1940's era big-screen detectives. the voice-over narration by the teen detective doesn't sound real, and is also sexually edgy in a way that i found completely fake and also inappropriate for my pre-teens (for example, veronica's deadpan comment during a stakeout about needing to get the "money shot" on film)...in those first 20 minutes that we watched, the story cut very quickly from one scene to the next. veronica narrated the action in great detail, with the same toughness of character that viewers of old detective movies will instantly recognize. it was almost like listening to a story being read. to quote a phrase though, i didn't buy it. the scenes we saw had no depth or originality, and there wasn't anything special about any of the acting, either...in short, i got the vibe that vm is junk tv, and wouldn't recommend it for any age
nope, sorry....this movie tries to be an introspective, thought-provoking indy film about two guys from different generations growing together as friends. doesn't work, sorry.  it tries to be something it isn't. slowwwww moving, boring diatribe with no real show of connection between the two main characters - just [bad].  i see what they were trying to do, but they don't pull it off. don't waste your time
if i could, i'd have given it a 1/4 star!.near dark has to go down as one of a the worst horror movies of the 80s. simply put, this movie is so slow and drawn out that i wanted one of the vampires, preferabley may, to jump out of my television and bite me in the jugular just to get it over with. however, since that wasn't going to happen, the next best thing for me was to use the chapter jump button on my remote, which i used many times after the first hour...rumor has it that hollywood wants to do a remake of this dung flick! what are they thinking in tinseltown--i mean really...well, as the ol' saying goes: "you've been warned."..thank you
i knew he was crazy.man, i wish i had read all the reviews for this movie before i bought it.  stunk big time.  i always have such high hopes for the english classics, so the dissapointment falls harder when they are lacking.  this one lacks.
this movie isnt right.this movie could have been good, except that it wasnt. i watch alot of period films, bbc dramas, merchant ivory productions and this one is the worst i have ever seen. no character development, horrible acting (except for bill nighy,he is the only one worth watching) when the characters started talking to the camera, thats when i knew this was going to suck. it was like ferris bueller with an accent, but less entertaining and original. take the young woman, the old aunt and the preacher..has anyone seen this scenario before? anyone? try pride and prejudice.
non-sense.this series is so stupid i hate it iam peter and i get tired with writing stupid reviews in the second season buy teen aqua teen hunger force and you will have fu
advertised special features where not on the dvd.i bought this item primarily because of the special features which were described in the blurb regarding this product; unfortunately most of these special features were missing from the dvd i received. i cannot remember what all the special features were; but, i do remember that the dvd was to contain newsreel footage from the 1930s regarding the dust bowl and other filmed materials from he 1930s which chronicled the events on which john steinbeck based his novel. i ended up returning the dvd
dear morons at paramount!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.my question for the morons at paramount is why do possibly glue the sticker seals the container with such strong stuff that you cannot avoid ruining the container when you remove it. may i remind that this a colletor's item!!!!! therefore if you damage it is worthless
disappointed.i didn't like this new collection at all.  they changed each story to include something "modern" and ugly.  the reason agatha christie is so enjoyable is her ability to puzzle you without being vulgar or particularly violent.  i hope this is not an indication of direction of any more of the poirot stories.  don't change the stories of an expert into something she would never have written.
boring, uninteresting, and dreadful that's what one reviewer is saying....as much as angela bassett, whoopi goldberg and taye diggs work together as a great cast, this film is boring, which they can't help because they're all wonderful actresses and actors, but the plot is just dull and boring...the movie begins with a successful stockbroker in san francisco, who decides from the urging of her best friend, "delilah," played by whoopi goldberg, that she needs a long-awaited vacation. so, while watching tv, she sees a commercial advertising travel to jamaica, so "stella," played by angela bassett decides that as much as she deserves a vacation, finally succumbs to her best-friend's suggestion and flies down there and meets her best friend, "deliliah."..the basic premise is a 40 year old woman falls in love with a much younger man, (old enough to be her son, no less) whose only 20. the 20 year old is named winston shakespeare, a native jamaican, who decides to date "stella." ..at first, "stella" (angela bassett) decides that dating a 20 year old man is robbing the cradle, but going against her better judgment, decides she'll throw caution to wind and date "winston."..from the beginning of the film to the end the plot is boring, dull and uninteresting...the characters like the plot are basic and boring. there's no real drama such as a hurricane taking place, or anything of that nature. while, the actors and actresses are talented not even their great acting abilities and personalities could save this film from being a complete failure, in my humble and honest opinion...to recite a classic cliche, "not even the best popcorn can save this film" and it's because of this that i give the film the lowest rating possiblg of only 1 star, which is extremely unusual for me because i almost always give films a 5-star rating because i enjoy so many movies, but this film just wasn't worth anything more than 1-star...bottome line; you're much better off renting or buying another film.
how shawn got his snooze on. for diehard angela basset fans only..shawn got his snooze on watching how stella got her groove back a great looking angela bassett strolling around the beaches of jamaica in sexy swimwear just wasn't enough to keep me awake during this boring movie adapted from one of the weakest terry mcmillan novels. this movie was so forgettable that i saw it over a month ago and i kept forgetting to write the review for it. .angela bassett is stella, a successful black stockbroker who thinks she's about to be promoted. in spite of her stellar work record, her bosses instead fire her citing financial troubles. (plothole ahead - why would a business that's in trouble fire one of their best employees? wouldn't it have been smart to keep stella there to turn the company around? oh well, terry needed a reason for stella to go on vacation no matter how weak it was.) tired and frustrated with the direction of her life, the divorced single mom decides to go to jamaica for a vacation with a friend (whoopi goldberg) there she gets her hair braided and meets a hunky young chef (taye diggs) and over the slow course of the movie they have one of the most boring romances ever filmed. (does anyone in hollywood know what pacing is?).soon after, stella returns to the states and her man follows her. stella continues to pursue the romance despite resistance from her 12-year-old son. the bosses at her old job want her back to work for them, her new younger lover wants her to follow her dreams. at the end of the movie stella gets her groove back with her younger man and decides to start her own trading business. boring, boring boring. .the onscreen adaptation of stella has all the elements of a great movie. the cinematography is great, showing us stunning visuals of jamaica. the beaches were beautiful, the resorts looked like places i wanted to go. the casting is great; angela bassett and whoopi goldberg are strong enough to carry the movie. but the movie falls apart because the story is so predictable. stella lacks the heart and soul of a true "terry mcmillan" story; it's the same by the numbers may/december romance story used in one of those horrible made for tv adaptations of a danielle steele or a jackie collins novel. by about the half hour mark the movie was losing its groove for me. .angela bassett gives it her all, but the weak script prevents her from giving a great performance. the whole movie is a waste of her time. taye diggs was looks great but his acting is horrible. he has absolutely no chemistry with bassett and his jamaican accent goes on and off throughout the movie. in many scenes he's stiff and uneasy throwing off the romantic mood of the film. whoopi goldberg is just herself in this movie. she doesn't even act at all. regina king is the only bright spot here. she plays her part extremely well overcoming the boring material..if you're a romantic insomniac who wants to get your snooze on, get into stella's groove. but if you're looking for a black romance full of passion pick up love jones, diary of a mad black woman or how u like me now. those romances are full of passion and life.
whack! terrible.this movie was whack it was kinda of good but taye diggs cannot act jamaican and he looked ugly! i bet you that omar epps could have done a better jamaican. and the book was quadruple times better even more
booooooooooooooo!.this is the wost set ever! do not get it! i'm warning you
license to tamper....is it really a surprise that so many fans are upset about the jumbled order of the bond films in this and other releases?  let's mix up episodes from different seasons of a tv show.  next thing you know we'll have to buy phantom menace to get the empire strikes back!  will we have to purchase star trek v in order to see wrath of khan?  why don't we package tim burton's planet of the apes with the original classic?  oops!  how about a two-pack of dukes of hazard and gone with the wind?
garbage.why does eon insist on packaging james bond (sean connery) with subpar garbage. because they are stupid. world, wait for the remastered connery ones to be released separately...i could get into the merits and avenues of a non-connery bond. but i'll refrain because no one is reading anyway.
"glick-fix" this!!!.i caught my first glimpses of prime time glick a few years back, during the days when it came on right after south park. out of curiosity i decided to take a gander at the only martin short-created tv show that lasted longer than six seconds before getting cancelled. sadly, i wasn't all that impressed by his chubby, self-absorbed, less-than-lucid, factual-error-prone, and shrill alter-ego jiminy glick. now i'm well aware that the idea behind the show is about poking fun at self-absorbed, less-than-lucid, factual-error-prone, and shrill talk show hosts. but when the parody is far more annoying than the subjects it attempts to satirize, it's kinda hard for me to not change the channel to something that's relatively calmer and more soothing to watch-- like reruns of the joan rivers show, for example.....then there's the far-too-overdone and boringly repetitive physical comedy that glick throws at the viewer each and every episode. if he isn't pratfalling outta his chair in a supposedly hilarious fashion every other minute, or suddenly deciding to sit side-saddle in his chair (which usually results in more pratfalls), he's making nasty throat-clearing-type noises while choking on a gumdrop during his less-than-rousing quasi-improv interview with the guest of the week (usually a comedian or comedic actor). i find the former hackneyed schtick unfunny primarily because the ol' "fat-guy-falling-down" gag only works when a real fat guy is doin' it (the only exception to this rule is 'weird al' yankovic in that one music video). every time i see chris farley or curly howard from the three stooges experience the negative effects of gravity, i get goin' with the guffaws like i was workin' off a week's supply of nitrous oxide! but martin short in a jabba outfit just doesn't cut the mustard. and i don't know if it's intentional or not, but adrian van voorhees' "band" mates (none of them actually play their instruments, and they do a pretty lousy job of faking it) all seem to have this look on their faces like they're thinkin' to themselves, "what the [heck] i am i doing here, wasting my time with this loser?!" if it is unintentional, i can't really blame 'em.....and let's not forget the interviews-- no wait, let's do forget about them. that is, unless you actually like watching celebrities try out their improv chops with the show's titular star, and (with the exception of bill maher and (in a few parts) dennis miller) fail spectacularly at it. of course, the hilarity of the celebs' responses can only be as good as the lines  hints the interviewer throws at 'em to use. in other words, it's a two-way street-- and in this instance, both ways lead to abrupt dead ends.....after watching every qa session on this platter (including the 'outtake' footage in the bonus interviews section), the only ones i found adequately amusing were eugene levy and dick cheney (actually, a guy made up to look like cheney). the former interview was helped by the appearance of an ersatz bob hope plugging his latest special and uttering the name of a particular, er, naughty male body part. i dunno why, but for some reason i find a centenarian saying this word hilarious. and the not-veep's concerns about the u.s. military "catching gay" wrangled a light-to-medium chuckle outta me-- it's the main reason i pushed my rating for this platter up a star. but glick's back-stage piece with kathie lee gifford was just downright painful to watch-- not so much due to it being a lame interview (which it was), but because you can tell she's had extensive work done on her face to try and keep that youthful appearance (not to mention keeping the giff from giving in to temptation again). but the thing is, while her face may be stretched taut, her neck has gulleys that look about as deep as the grand canyon-- which of course blows the illusion straight to [heck]. this development actually got a light chuckle from me when she mentions menopause at one point-- i just loved the irony of the statement. kinda sad when an instant of unintentional humor grabs more yuks than the stuff that's supposed to be funny, no?..sadly, the selection of silly "la-la-wood" storytime sketches and tv commercial parodies that roll between the interview segments are just as bereft of laughs as the rest of the show is, if not more so. the only ersatz ad spot i found even remotely amusing was "malkovich in the middle", starring a disturbingly bipolar john malkovich (as portrayed by a heavily made-up martin short) emotionally scarring his kids at the breakfast table. there's also a segment featuring tom green (short again) trying to pull a prank on osama bin laden inside his secret afghanistan lair. while i thought the concept of this sketch was interesting, its execution left a lot to be desired. and i don't even wanna go into the pieces that star tommy lee jones (guess who, again?).....well, that's about all i hafta say about this mess of a dvd. actually, i'm sure i could come up with a whole lot more to say if i really felt like it-- but since i don't feel like it, i won't.....'lat
porn movies is more like it......oh yes, i saw this series as well.  ..it was as stupid as johnney bravo and as mindless as the powerpuff girls...they really were badly animated and the voice acting looked like it was done by two year olds, which is not far from the truth
home movies season 2.three discs of some really funny stuff. i laughed very hard. brendon going to therapy almost made me die from laughter.
a disappointing sophomore season.i should start by saying that i love this show, and missed it tremendously when adult swim moved it to the middle of the night to accommodate their absurd new original programming.  in the wake of the family guy's dvd success i even wrote scholastica begging them to release hm on dvd...i pre-ordered season 1 from amazon at the earliest available opportunity and have watched it many times since.  ("it is practically joke!")  i always harbored some secret, unjustified sense of superiority that i fell in love with this witty, subtle show when everyone else was watching everybody loves raymond.  it was as if i "got" something that others didn't, and great was my reward...but season 2, i just don't get.  maybe i'm missing something, and maybe my viewings haven't been sufficiently repeated.  the animation is admittedly improved, though squigglevision didn't bother me that much in the first season...my biggest problem is that the season 2 episodes are just not as funny, or creative.  am i the only one who feels like most of these storylines just fall flat?  walter  perry are delightfully absurd, but paula's boss is just excrutiating.  a woody allen character, but obnoxious?  who thought this would be funny?  the interactions between brendan and his dad are nice, and light, but all of the girlfriend scenes are just uncomfortable.  if i want uncomfortable, i can watch fargo.  i don't laugh nearly as much during season 2.  that's a problem...just as importantly, there aren't nearly enough "home movies"!  their number is significantly reduced, replaced by mammoth, episode-filling epics that don't stay funny long enough...this is all just my opinion, of course.  but reading the other reviews, i see all these people gushing about hm--understandably--but almost no one talking about how they can't live without season 2.  by contrast, i need to watch season 1's "loni" at least once a week, following closely by casablanca...take all this for what it's worth.  and if you'll excuse me, i've got to go pre-order season 3 sight unseen
the sketchiness of sydney pollack.indeed, sydney pollack is all too present, here.  pollack and gehry had a friendship that predated the making of the film.  with that duly noted, it must further be observed how grating it is to watch pollack--the safe, calculating, and often shallow journeyman of commercial hollywood--sit and compare his travails as a filmmaker with gehry's true daring as an architect and modern artist...this is a film about sydney pollack collecting and arranging images.  it comes up short in exactly the ways his fictional films come up short.  pollack has previously taken vibrant source material from the likes of tennessee williams, horace mccoy, erich maria remarque, isak dinesen, and billy wilder, only to embalm it in pretty images--here, he takes a man who embodies the perils of modern art and reduces him to that most belittling of categories: the unchallenged genius...oh, there is one architectural critic who speaks for the anti-gehry camp, but that is hardly the challenge the man deserves.  gehry is a great visionary.  he has created works of indisputable greatness.  as julian schnabel observes of the bilbao guggenheim museum, "it has the scale of egypt."..the conceit of this film is that it shows gehry's work from sketch to models to completion.  my gripe with it is that it whitewashes the key ingredient of all great art:  failure.  oddly, frank gehry's therapist is on camera several times, but the effect of his remarks is to emphasize that gehry became his own therapist and eventually became therapist to the therapist.  why put such a figure in the film except as a sort of slight of hand?  to show that the filmmaker knows precisely what he has left out by pretending to include it?..in a rare moment of honesty, pollock allows us to hear from architect charles jencks, whose wife was built, pro-bono, a lovely memorial by gehry.  jencks, who obviously loves gehry with clearer vision than pollack, says, "the truth is, some of his work is extremely ugly."..i have had the privilege of watching, day-by-day, as one of gehry's ugliest buildings went up.  i have puzzled over it from distant hills, from street level, and from inside.  (a few curves of it are shown in about 15 seconds worth of rain-drenched footage, without naming it.)  it is breathtaking in its failure as art and truly repugnant as architecture...and yet, in its audacity, it tells the story of frank gehry's greatness better than all 90 minutes of pollack's laundered interviews and post-card views
low quality video.i was expecting something high quality and entertaining. it is simply a documentary. we follow this young ugly boy around this spa and just see a bunch of nameless and silent men getting it on and making out. i was very disappointed with the video quality and the dialogue. not recommended
what were they thinking?!.and i thought jason takes manhattan was bad! when i saw the title "jason x" i knew something weird like this would come. guys we know we are in the 2000s now but there is no need to make a "future" like film and not even with jason god. ..i never liked sci-fi stuffs. and what do you say when they try to change jason like if he was some sort of robot or something?! we dont need an "uber" jason to make him scary. we need him in the woods, no computerized dead bodies, not a bunch of people being picked up one by one in a spaceship. this isnt an alien movie! we are talking about jason voorhees. btw im a fan of the movies and i think i would prefer jason goes to hell and part 8 instead of this! ..dont even bother watching this film.
jason x.jason x~ lexa doig is a quite good movie in the friday the 13th series. compared with the downright awfull part 9, i.e., jason goes to hell this sequell has a better script, dialogue, acting and plot. part 9 was the first time new line owned the rights to the movie (it was prior to this owned by paramount) and there first crack at making the sequells, was if one is kind less then stellar and if one is honest, one of the worst movies i have ever seen. this time they put a little bit more time and effort into the sequell and yeah it is not a quality movie but compared to the rest of the friday the 13th franchise this is one of the better entries. even so it is not as good as part 4 or part one and it might sound like a paradox (since i have written that it was so much better then part 9 which i gave one star) that i only give the movie 2 stars. but being the 10 part in the series, the budget, and special effects are on the level of mediocre sequells. the dialogue is yes better then part nine but it is still pretty awfull and it sounds like the script and dialogue writers just barely finished community college. the music is awfull and sounds like it was done on a cheap computer or a toy keyboard. this movie should be seen by die hard fans of the franchise otherwise this is a movie could be easily avoided
a big dissapointment.i liked most of the jason movies so i thought "this looks like a good one"  so i got home popped it in and it started out great.  sort of scary and suspenceful and then "boom" it went from good to bad.  people from the future came unfroze jason and some girl.  the worst part of the movie is when jason gets a new mask.  it completley ruins him he goes from scary to retarded.  bringing the movie to the future ruined it for me.
entertainment masked as stupidity?.i'll get this out of the way: i never liked the 80's slasher films. stuff like the halloween series, nightmare on elm street or friday the 13th just never entertained me all that much. the idea of slow walking killers going after olympic sprinters and still get caught felt really ridiculous to me. of course the major draw was the death scenes: elaborate moments of viciousness. flinging jason into the future is of course going to elicit unintentional laughing but it's a good kind of laughing for some reason...jason is in the future in a facility on a planet, except he escapes(of course). disposing of scientists, including the fly and scanners director david cronenberg, he ends up getting cryogenically frozen, along with another scientist. flash forward 400 years and a ship discovers them and founds out, ooh, a nice reward for jason. as usual he comes to life and does what he does best: kill attractive looking hotties...you don't go to these movies to expect well-written dialogue, character depth or anything, you come for the kills and to tell you the truth, they're slightly disappointing. besides one kill, which answers the question of what happens when a frozen face hits a hard surface, the kills are kind of been there/done that. it's basically stab here, impale there, it seems kind of unimaginative. a few even happen off screen with the yelling off in the distance...characters are just there to be taken care of brutally and some are. however, jason does what i'm starting to hate is kill off the very cute girls. one girl, wearing a top with a belly showing gets disposed off(off screen) and i'm like "damn guy, let one cute girl live for once!". dialogue is of course stupid but there were some funny lines. a self-deprecating parody about the sex teens have in the film is referenced. "we love premarital sex!" is so classic, as well as "it's okay, he just wanted his machete back!". granted they won't make an afi list but they made me laugh. ..it's the kind of movie that you probably weren't supposed to like: it was ridiculous and dumb but boy did it seem fun. just wish it was better
nice idea, bad content..it's a good dvd if you are an extremely hardcore nickelback fan, the best thing this dvd has is the interviews with the manager and other people that worked for and with the band in the early days, it has no original music or videos of the band
review of road to success.my best advice is for you not to waste your money on this.  you will be disappointed!  you do hear information about nickelback's early years, but it is not anything that you can't find online and in articles.  there is no nb music on it (they didn't have permission).  the few pictures that they use are used over and over again.  i am going to sell mine as soon as possible because i don't want to have it in my collection.  i am a huge fan of nb and feel embarrassed to even own this dvd.  when you watch the dvd, it is like you are watching a surreal show off of some local-access channel.  don't waste your time or money
shirley.interesting story, but a typical airplane movie (which i where i saw it accidentaly). the acting is ok but not their best, and reiner... well, let's say he will forever be a god for making spinal tap and when harry met sally. this movie, how clever interwoven it is with the graduate, didn't do anything...extra star for shirley maclaine, she is great in this one
most of all you've got to hide it from the kids.there is nothing better than finding out your family history is the basis of a book and movie especially when it's a salacious one. that would be the premise, and pretty ingenious one, for rumor has it... the movie follows jennifer aniston (leprechaun) as she slowly starts to realize that her mother and grandmother were the people who inspired the graduate. throwing a bigger wrinkle into her life is the possible that the real life dustin hoffman character could be her father...the dude in question is kevin costner (waterworld) who plays the real life graduate even though he never did but as he tells it the dropout wasn't as catchy. shirley mclaine (cannonball run ii) is the matriarch and first female in the family to bed costner. then there is mark ruffalo, who has been in almost forty films but has yet to be memorable in one, as aniston's fiance who puts up with her cold feet and search for her possible father because, well, he looks like mark ruffalo and she looks like jennifer aniston. rounding out the cast is my hero, shooter mcgavin himself as one of costner's business buddies...even though the plot is a clever one, the film sinks in its delivery which seems to be a theme in the last couple movies i've seen. it is like the producers, which this film actually had ten of including ocean's 11 duo of george clooney and steven soderbergh, get a topic that they feel could write itself. but in this film, the laugh are far and few in between or beat to death. the funniest bits come when they reference the film especially when aniston wonder why she wasn't told of her family secret to which ruffalo sing "but most of all you got to hide it from the kids." but not all the graduate reference are great as it sometimes felt as if you needed to just see the film to get the joke, which i haven't in more than a decade. another sticking point with the film was aniston in full rachel green mode not getting the memo that this was a film and not a sitcom. her overacting got old quicker as her show did (for those keeping track at home, that would be sometime around the second season)
s-u-c-k-e-d.this movie is a terrible movie, worst adam sandler movie ---ever---  first of all sandler isnt meant to play serious roles like that because he usually plays funny guys like in water boy mr. deeds, big daddy and all the other ones. sure its packed with explosions and gun fights but sandler just doesnt fit there you know. but relly the movie isnt that bad......the cassette could be used as a leg in a broken stool or something
black sheep.i believe this film is racist towards the sheep but my friend christian really likes it!!!
elektra shortcircuits.this is the worst superhero film i have ever seen. remember how promising the character elektra seemed in daredevil? well, forget it. jennifer garner is lucky to have survived this boring, illogical mess.  can someone tell me how elektra manages to set off a natural gas explosion inside a house without burning the entire house down? and then there is the climactic battle between elektra and the evil ninja in a room full of flapping sheets to disguise the action or lack thereof. forget this one. it makes halle berry's catwoman look like citizen kane
frank miller should sue!.in the 80's comic book legend frank miller created one of the toughest female characters of all time(before it was trendy) with elektra a fearless merciless ninja assasin who takes on a demonic organization bent on taking over the government.in 2004 along came hollywood.in this movie elektra falls in love with a nice single dad and teams up with his 14 year old girl to kick butt.the gritty comic book is so watered down i kept expecting them to have a slumber party and maybe even a pillow fight before taking on those pesky ninjas!star jenifer garner so great in alias is bland here.the special effects and fight scenes are unimpressive and the story dull.fortunately miller made sure hollywood didn't dillute his sin city it's too bad he had no part in this film
not the best musicals.theses are not the best examples of the hollywood musical.  while i love fred astaire and gene kelly, there a much better films with fred or gene.  ..easter parade has the two best musical stars, fred and judy, but together they have no chemistry and are further hampered by a weak script.  ..finian's rainbow is fred's last musical and what a poor choice.  directed by francis ford coppola, he went on to much better fare.  this was a groundbreaking musical but does not translate well to the large screen...brigadoon is for gene kelly super fans only.  kelly is great but this is not one of lerner and lowe's better efforts (think gigi and my fair lady)...there are only 2 great films. ..the band wagon is fred at his best. this is classic camp.  a show within a show.  fred, nannette fabray and oscar levant are making a musical version of faust that turns into a big egg.  but they quickly take all the good pieces and rework it to a smash.  sounds familiar but it is original.  most people remember this for the tripplet's song...bells are ringing is judy holiday at her best.  she conquered broadway with this show and then proved herself again with this film.  dean martin is her costar and features jean stapleton.  ..of course both are comden and green shows, which of course helps.   my suggestion is buy the titles you like seperately
no way!!.this was the worst yoga dvd i've ever seen and i've seen a lot! the workout itself wasn't so bad but denise austin's form was beyond bad and her instruction was even worse!! i won't even mention my opinion of her voice. there are so many better yoga workouts out there
good workout if you can take denise (i can't).i had misgivings about buying a yoga dvd lead by an aerobic queen, and i wish i'd listened to them. ..this would be a good workout if it were led by someone else and if there were modifications given...as it is, denise drones on incessantly -- but not explaining how to do the moves (there are virtually no instructions). instead she keeps telling you "you can do it, you can get fit through yoga." and, "i'm so proud of you, you're getting fit through yoga." and if that's not enough, she keeps flaring her eyes at the camera. ugh...if you can put up with this though, i'm sure the "fat blasting" part will pay off.
more like aerobic yoga.i do yoga because i have bad knees; really bad knees; they make noise when i go up and down stairs. this dvd will aggravate, rather than help any joint problems you might have. rather than a flowing, yoga based sequence, denise leads you through quickly paced lunges, squats, and jumps with a few yoga poses thrown in between. it would make a good aerobic sequence, but it shouldn't masquerade as yoga. and i found her really annoying, but i was looking for a variation on rodney yee, not richard simmons
a boring, poorly-made movie.meg ryan is frannie, an english teacher in new york who gets pulled into a murder investigation when the head of a young woman is found in her garden. as she deals with an old boyfriend who won't leave her alone and with her neurotic, damaged sister, she falls into a charged sexual relationship with the detective investigating the killing. more bodies appear and frannie has reason to be suspicious that the cop she is attracted to is the killer...in the cut is a dull movie. the mystery of the killer's identity is spread out so thinly over the whole movie, there is no suspense when you figure out who it is. the sex scenes between ryan and ruffalo are gloomy and forced. i didn't believe the supposed attraction between the two. there are a lot of arty set pieces in the film to try and trick you into thinking there is some important subtext here, but there isn't. it's just a boring, poorly-made movie
please, please, do yourself a favor and read the book instead..in the cut (jane campion, 2003)..there is one valid reason to watch this debacle of a film, and that is that the soundtrack was done by the wonderful hilmar orm hilmarsson. well, kind of; when i saw his name spin by in the credits, i was expecting a rather more experimental, dissonant soundtrack than i got...if you've read susanna moore's novel, you'll know that "experimental" and "dissonant" are perfectly valid expectations in a soundtrack of its adaptation. the story concerns frannie (meg ryan), a college english teacher who in her spare time is compiling a dictionary of street slang. while out with one of the students helping her in that regard one evening, she makes a wrong turn looking for the bathroom in a bar and witnesses an intimate act. the woman involved later turns up dead, and a detective named malloy (you can count on me's mark ruffalo) comes around investigating the murder. frannie and malloy find themselves drawn into a relationship neither seems to want, but both seem to need...first off: campion, who also wrote the screenplay, made the unforgivable mistake of changing the ending of the novel (but then, this is a hollywood movie, i should have expected it), which changes the entire tone of the film in retrospect. the way the plot unfolds points to one inevitable conclusion, and we are cheated of it. also, the characters-- who weren't exactly bottomless wells of characterization in the book-- have been stripped as far down to their prototypes as possible while still keeping them recognizable human beings. there's nothing here to grab onto, giving the whole thing the feel of sex and the city with a serial killer on the loose. important pieces that connect bits together have been tossed away, leading to scenes seeming disconnected from everything else (the title really does have a meaning, in the book anyway, though here it just gets blurted out with no frame of reference at all). and, really, who was it that first decided mark ruffalo can act?..i'm willing to concede that much of the reason i hated this movie as much as i did may have come from my committing the cardinal sin of seeing the movie within a year of reading the book on which it's based, but to be honest, i can't imagine i'd have liked it a whole lot more if i hadn't read the book. it's just all-around awful. *
not his best film..this is a typical tinto brass sex comedy. it's nicely filmed and is likely to appeal to tinto brass fans. me, i thought the story was rather uninteresting and the humour not very funny, so the movie overall became rather dull. ..it's not tinto brass's best work. if you're a fan of tinto brass, buy it. if you're a casual film viewer or new to tinto brass, get "all ladies do it" or "paprika" instead, before deciding whether to buy this one as well
another van damme flop.purely for fans of crappy van damme movies again like i says. really corny from beginning to end. paul sorvino is totally and utterly fat and moronic in this one. rob schnider is wasted and why the hell was he in this i will have no clue. van damme kicks more butt and does more corny things then he did in double team. with horrible dialouge and a plot that seems like it came from some guy wiping his ass with a piece of toilet paper and then saw it on the piece of paper and said hey!!!! damnit, lets make a movie about this piece of crap right here
hack garris trashes another $tephen king book..everybody's over-acting here.  this is more of a horror spoof, than a horror movie...bad acting, worse dialog and terrible directing.  what else would garris deliver
mick?  how about stephen?.yes the movie was a let down. you can't say that we weren't warned. quite possibly one of the best "king" films was the original shining, which wasn't fully appreciated until years later, similar to apocalypse now. this was also what infuriated stephen king to have creative control over his adaptations to film. because of this, you'll notice that the novels we love, with characters and situations that could never possibly be on tv always are. randall flagg on tv...please. we don't have mick garris to blame for this, first we have ourselves for continually being duped by king to believe his loyal fans will see what they paid for, or at least invested their time in. fool me once... anyway, mick is simply doing whatever his boss, mr. king tells him to do. second, we have greed, and specifically king's to blame. what a shame that a talent, not unlike a dickens for our time, would prostitute his work to make a quick buck, and dupe his loyal readership. as i read review after review, it's obvious his fans are loyal, too bad he can't return the favor. i guess we can be glad he hasn't tried to direct again
the chaplin slowdown.compiled, scored and narrated by charlie chaplin in 1958, "the chaplin revue" was a terrific idea to showcase three of the comedian's best films for first national -- "a dog's life" (1918), "shoulder arms" (1918) and "the pilgrim" (1923).  unfortunately, chaplin tampered with these particular films by presenting them at a slower projection speed, which ruins the original comic timing and pacing. as a public service, avoid "the chaplin revue" and try to find the out-of-print "first national collection" on dvd. this excellent disc includes most of chaplin's work from 1918 to 1923 -- at the proper projection speed. the difference is amazing
nothing more than mediocre..i really don't mean to offend, but i can't understand how the reviewers before me gave this series '5 stars'. are their standards really that low? in my opinion, '5 stars' should be reserved for the best of the best, not just another anime. chrono crusade has its moments, but it's far from great (or good, for that matter). ultimately, it's just mediocre...the first third of the series is, for the most part, sluggish and dull. the action scenes are bland, mostly consisting of still shots of monsters while seeing gunfire bursts around them. although the artwork isn't bad, the animation is stiff and sometimes clumsy like my previous example suggests. there's alot of stills, and scenes with limited action, which shows laziness on studio gonzo's part. action gets pretty old when you see the character shoot a gun with only the hand moving, while the rest of the body remains completely still, or when monsters get shot in the arm or leg and reacts as if it took one to the chest. worst yet, when the female 'summoner' commands her spirit guardian to attack, the scene turns black and all you see is a blue line cut across the screen, signifying a sword slash. very lame. ..what saves chrono crusade from utter failure is the final few episodes. i won't ruin the story with spoilers. all i'll say is that the mundane, scattered plot in the first half finally materializes into something interesting. although the events that take place don't quite make sense, it's still interesting nevertheless...the secondary characters (a little girl apostle and a jewel summoner) never really feel important to the plot as they should have been. they end up as just being very predictable and very annoying. the little girl cries every chance she gets, while the jewel summoner is bitchy beyond tolerable. also, what is up with maniacal villains these days? is it just me, or do they completely lack the ability to come up with an evil scheme that resembles something well-structured?..another point worth mentioning is that the comedy aspect comes off completely unfunny and painful to watch. i guess their idea of humor comes from a girl tripping, or an old man trying to peek under girls' skirts or requesting to feel them up. it wouldn't have been so bad to have it happen once...but repeatedly, after multiple episodes? spare me...although the last few episodes were somewhat redeeming, chrono crusade, as a whole, is just mediocre. want to see something better, but with a similar theme? check out hellsing. if the main protagonist, rosette, interests you, look into scrapped princess. i honestly don't mean this as an insult, but unless you are a child or a newcomer to the anime world, you would want to pass on this series
1 star for the extras.i was very disappointed by this collection of broken highlights. i was expecting something very different, not the slow motion action shots, poor camera angles, dreadful background music and slow and boring narration. where was the big hits, the great passes and extended highlights of the games themselves. living in australia we only get one game of nfl shown on tv a year which is the super bowl so i was hoping to see lots of football action in real time replays with plays in chronological order. it would have been a lot more exciting for the viewer to hear the roar of the crowds and the television commentators providing colourful commentary instead of the boring dribble. the picture quality on dvd is very good however, i will say that
absolutely awful.this movie is so formulaic that it is embarrassing! you've seen 100 cheap horror films with this ripped-off plot. okay, it's actually an amalgam of several ripped off plots (psycho and house of wax to name just two)...the acting is mediocre and the production is cheap. and it is incredibly boring because you always know what is going to happen next in this low-budget stinker...it's a real shame too, because low-budget doesn't have to be bad in this genre (motel hell comes immediately to mind)...skip it. if you just have to watch it because you have a thing for tanya robert's legs, then i suggest renting it (but you'll still be disappointed; the director and cinematographer did a lousy job showing off her legs)
don't believe the hype.its not tourist crap but the movie is okay. the wannabe leatherface guy was errie. but it was not the classic that everyone makes it out to be. it didnt really have and suspense. i fell asleep on it a few times. ..i don't have too many really positive reviews for this movie but i like that wax idea and the chessy factor in this movie. they tried. but oh well. i say don't buy it. if you like borrow or rent it. you be the judge. if you but it just don't expect the exorcist like everyone says it is. its better than that crappy movie the tenant. never ever buy that movie.
it all depends on the viewer, but i personally thought this was terrible.i have no problem with anyone liking this film, but i thought that cyborg was absolutely godawful.  this is a direct quote from my video/dvd guide (by mick martin and marsha porter): "a study in bad.  bad script.  bad acting.  bad directing.  bad special effects."  in my opinion, i'm afraid that the quote resonates with truth.  in this film, which is easily the worst action movie i've ever seen, jean-claude van damme seeks vengeance against the gang that killed his family.  there's also something about a "cure," or something, but not much attention is focused on the plot so i'm afraid i can't inform you of this part of the story...although this film has never been on mst3k, it has all the elements to be on that very sci-fi program (extremely low-budget sets, wooden acting, etc.).  i think that the only aspect of this film that may appeal to viewers is the martial arts, however i've seen much better martial arts sequences in other films, particularly enter the dragon with bruce lee.  from the laughably campy to the tediously tawdry, i've seen my share of bad films (razzies that stick out in my mind include indecent proposal, death to smoochy, and league of extraordinary gentlemen).  however, cyborg plunges new depths of badness
typical van damme.is that the rock who is in this movie looking malnourished with the rotted teeth and sinister contact lenses make-up? this movie is horrible. but, it is typical for a van damme flick. horrible acting, over-produced with that cheesy waxy feel to it, non-existent storyline and the usual idiotic ending. i have to admit though, that i have most of van damme's movies. he is a decent martial artist. in my opinion his best movies are "kickboxer" and "bloodsport". these are his only movies that are actually enjoyable to watch and somewhat inspiring. i have a few observations / comments / questions to make that should be humorous for the seasoned van damme fan: isn't it funny that with all his millions of dollars that van damme can't find a plastic surgeon who can hide that silly bump on his forehead... why must every character van damme plays speak with a french accent? he tries to play a wide variety of different action hero roles but always the character must in some way originate from france. isn't this preposterous? you'd think if van damme was serious about his "acting" career he would have attempted to remedy this flaw. i mean, it's not like his acting roles are all that challenging but it would be nice if he was even partially believable in his roles... why does van damme always have to show his bare rear-end so much? does he think women are watching his silly movies? you'd think someone would realize that mostly men watch action films and the majority of men have no desire to see his naked backside so why show it? ... is it me or does van damme need a good hair stylist? his hair is especially stupid in cyborg. he looks like he should be in the cast for "revenge of the nerds"... speaking of style, was it van damme himself who invented that stupid tucked in shirt with pleated dockers pulled up way too high over the waist with a snazzy belt 80's look? if so, for this deed alone he should be reprimanded... why was van damme such a huge action hero? he is so friggin' short that if you saw him in line behind you at a convenience store i don't think he would look all that intimidating. at least steven seagal is tall and tough looking although van damme is definitely in better shape. you never see seagal showing his muscles.... lastly, even though i can laugh about van damme i am definitely a fan. that being said, i wonder if any of his other fans share my sentiments about the producers, directors and just about everyone else involved with most of his many films. i think they should be ashamed of the way they have done their work. van damme has alot of heart, maybe not so much as stallone, but more heart than most action heroes like shwarzenegger, etc. the people involved with most of van damme films have truly done a disservice to him and to action film fans everywhere. they should have taken pride in their work. it's not like they weren't paid handsomely for their services
an example of what a live action anime could be like.....if done horribly wrong.  cyborg whether the creators realized it or not has a strong anime feel to it.  sadly the movie is complete and total garbage...the story here is that jean claude van damm plays a warrior in the future who is out to get revenge on the leader of a gang in the anarchist future.  there also happens to be a deadly disease plaguing mankind, and a cyborg knows the cure.  that part of the story is irrelivant.  for the most part it is van damm traveling across the us attempting to catch up to this madman and stop him.  somewhere in the movie we get flashbacks of his past and at one point he gets the chance to bang his female companion.  overall this movie is a waste and you can tell orion entertainment was milking van damm for all he was worth at this time.  avoid
elmo scary.i put this on for my little sisters who are 3 and 1. my other younger sister who is now 8 was terrified when i showed her this video when she was 3 years old,  she cried. now this time i thought i would show my other younger sister who is presently  3 year old sister and i thought she wouldn't be as scared. so i put it on my 1 year old sister liked it but the 3 year old ran out of the room in terror, screaming. now whenever i even take out the video she cried, oh well maybe when she is 4 becuaese this came out when i was 4 and i loved it, maybe she will love it next year, but however she loves i think its called elmo saves x-mas she loves that
how to make a good story boring.watching this movie, i am struck by how effectively they can take one of the most interesting and exciting stories possible, and make it drag out on the screen.  the disappointment at the pacing of such great subject matter holds no bounds.  watching this moving is almost embarassing knowing how good this could and should be, and how poor direction, and what seems like a script which does injustice to pacing and drama can wreck what should be greatness.  i won't even go into historical inaccuracies, or the completely ridiculous cover art showing a modern beretta as the pistol sidearm 40 years too early.  makes me wonder if this movie was crafted with apathy towards the subject, the audience and history instead of respect
so so.his girl friday is an ok movie about newspaper reporters in the early part of the 20th century.  i think it was supposed to be funny, and it may have been at the time, but most of the dialog was lost on me
meg ryan - ugh.i can't recall any movie of meg ryan's where i disliked her character as much as in this movie.  she is irritating and looks like hell to boot.  hugh jackman is charming as leopold but i kept thinking, "why are you wasting your time on this not very interesting dingbat"
step into...nothing.the hd version requires a license that is only valid for usa and canada...and i made the mistake of living in portugal!.i'm been trying over and over (and over)xn again to get it but...zip!.be carefull! don't let your entusiasm for hd video fool you!.these guys from artisan are very "professional"...
doesn't play.let's see: it doesn't play on my desktop.  it doesn't play on my laptop.  it doesn't play on my dvd player.  they put some kind of licensing / security program on the disk that wreaks havoc on all of my players.  if you're thinking about buying it, rent it first to see if it will work
anthropophagus: the grim reaper.one has to admire the career of cult director joe d'amato. he's made everything from action, drama, comedy, westerns, horror and even porn. and porn/horror...according to the imdb joe d'amato has 198 films credited as director and with all the names he used i wouldn't be surprised if he had more...anthropophagus: the grim reaper was directed by joe d'amato and written by and starring cult actor george eastman...the grim reaper has become quite infamous for the gore scenes and in particular the fetus ripping scene, all which i will touch upon later on...fans are in the middle on this one. some see it as slow and boring, others as a really scary flick...i normally like movies like this that move at a slow pace, but this time it just didn't work...the slow pace worked great in d'amato's beyond the darkness. the movie was weird and disturbing and that is what kept it from being boring. but here things in my opinion didn't work as well...the first hour is painfully boring. what joe d'amato was aiming for was a feeling of dread, which just didn't seem to work like it did in beyond the darkness...the characters also were quite boring. had they been interesting than maybe what d'amato was going for would have worked. the cast though is excellent...serena grandi who is known as the italian dolly parton is one of the stars as i mentioned george eastman (this guy is great). and tisa farrow, yes mia farrow's sister...but 3 good actors still doesn't make this movie rise above. had the characters been good well i think what joe d. was going for would have worked better...as for the gore it's really not that much, the final gore scene is quite graphic, but the rest wasn't much...the late 70s the gore films really began and the 80s it blew up and italy capitalized on that. but the grim reaper really isn't the gore movie it's made out to be and even the fetus-ripping scene isn't a big deal like it's made out to...that's not something we see a lot of in film so i understand why people talk about it...i just never felt the dread d'amato was going for. eastman like always is great, but really not used to his potential. the guy is 6'9! but he wasn't as intimidating as he should have been...fans of italian cinema and of joe d'amato might wanna check this out. despite my feelings i understand why some love it. ..i felt the tension built up didn't work, but if you watch it and think it does this movie will deliver...regardless of how i felt i'm still a fan of joe d'amato and will always buy his flicks.
can't find a good sleeping pill? than buy this movie!.yes, i must admit that i was fooled by the "one of the most notorious, most debated, most banned films of the 'video nasty' era." line on this back of this movie case.  i was lucky because i found this at a best buy for $10.99.  it should be $2.99 for as bad as it is.  i've been let down by these italian horror films one too many times.  if you want good, gore filled, italian horror stick with lucio fulci or dario argento.  once you get past the bad dubbing and acting they're berrible.  oh, by the way, unless you are fluent in italian this second disk is almost worthless-there is no opportunity to even have english subtitles.  the only thing good about the second disk is the nudity and strong sexual content and that looks alright in any language
amateurish rubbish.this complete waste of 90 minutes is probably the strongest contender ever for a lone-star movie.  with cringingly awful acting, laughable special effects (the ridiculous head in a bucket is a real guffaw moment), appalling dubbed dialogue, cheesy music, inconsistent and confusing plot and no tension or atmosphere, the grim reaper is a total disaster. ..don't waste your money on this turkey.
[two and a half stars out of five] average from the word go; musclehead bill goldberg, the ex-pro dlm ends his movie career here.i know, goldy got another movie later,.but here we see why he isn't the next.'rock'. supoorting cast is pretty bad .and belgian kickboxing champ van dam.just isn't schwarzenegger (that says.a lot!) and movie night filming doesn't.help! props and fake us army set up.looks like something out of a return.of the living dead set! not really any-.thing to right home about unless you're.into bill goldberg, "next stop, intensive.care...", just like van dam and b.g.'s.careers after this movie. can you beleive.van dam did (another) sequel?!
don't waste your precious lifetime on this.one of the worst sci-fi movies ever. pitiful scenario, a shoot'em with no joy stick
false advertisement illeagle business practices.this dvd packaging on the back says side a is a widescreen 1.85.1 aspect ratio and side b is full frame fitted format. but there is no side a or no widescreen the disc is only full frame. and this is not the first time columbia tri star has done this. false advertisement is illeagle and can lead to lawsuites. buyers bewar
oh the humanity!.there are bad movies, and then there are bad movies. "universal soldier: the return" is a cosmically bad movie, a movie so poor in every aspect of its execution that one would have to look to "manos: the hands of fate" for comparison. the first "universal soldier" film was a moderately entertaining shoot 'em up flick starring action stars jean-claude van damme and "rocky" refugee dolph lundgren that essentially accomplished what it set out to do: people perished in violent ways, stuff exploded, and van damme and lundgren beat each other into bloody pulps at the end of the film. even the presence of the charming ally walker as van damme's female sidekick greatly helped the film. the movie garnered enough attention and fans to merit the release of a special edition dvd some time back. it unfortunately also garnered enough attention and fans to merit this unredeemable piece of trash sequel. the second, and one hopes final, installment in a franchise that should never have become a franchise achieves such heights of utter banality and stupidity that i sat in open-mouthed awe watching it. i think i can safely say i am less of a person for having sat through this atrocity. expect to spend a few days in a coma after the credits roll...van damme returns as luc, the reanimated soldier who triumphed over the forces of government sponsored evil in the first film. on this outing he now works for dr. dylan cotner (xander berkeley), a scientist who reconstituted the universal soldier program with the help of his supercomputer s.e.t.h. luc, with his female sidekick maggie (kiana tom), helps design and run training missions for a new batch of super soldiers. the film opens with what the filmmakers hope is a pulse-pounding jaunt up a river, a jaunt filled with explosions, stunts, gunfire, and the briefest glimpse of tom's incredibly fit form. as the mission grinds to a halt we learn several important things: kiana tom is incredibly hot but can't act her way out of a paper bag, luc has a daughter named hillary (karis paige bryant) who you just know will get into trouble at some point, and the only soldiers we must pay attention to are romeo (bill goldberg) and the one played by michael jai white. frankly, turning off the film immediately after glimpsing tom's amazing physique is probably a good thing. everything that follows is dull, predictable, and so full of plot holes as to defy description. "universal soldier: the return" feels like eighty minutes of dental surgery rather than an action film. ..sure enough, cotner's computer goes on the fritz and unleashes the killing power of the universal soldiers. in the resulting conflagration s.e.t.h. implants its consciousness in michael jai white, luc and his loved ones flee from the compound, and the military swoops in to contain the problem. an extraordinarily untalented actress named heidi schanz also pops in as nosy reporter called erin who is interested in exposing the government's latest shenanigans. predictably, van damme and schanz team up to track down...er...well, track down something to defeat the supercomputer. i think they need some code to shut the system down, but in the meantime the film takes them all over the place so that a wisecracking romeo can follow them around while absorbing all the abuse luc can hand out. even throwing in a few scenes set in an adult's only club can't make this turkey fly. it's dull, folks, and painfully so. by the time the film grinds to its inevitable showdown between luc and s.e.t.h. back at the shattered compound--with an injured hillary's life balancing precariously in the background to serve as motivation for an overwhelmed luc (geez, what a surprise there!)--i knew i just wasted far too much of my life with this car wreck. how bad can it be, you ask? read on.....plot holes in this film are innumerable, as uncountable as grains of sand on the beach or acne on a teenager's face. for example, luc explains to erin that he was once a universal soldier just like romeo but cotner "cured" him by restoring him to life; he no longer needs injections or ice or any of the other devices used by the soldiers. what the heck are we doing marveling at this amazing supercomputer when cotner just performed a miracle of biblical implications? he brought someone back from the dead! how exactly did he accomplish this feat? we don't find out from van damme, who simply smirks his way through a few lines of dialogue that simply boggle the mind with their monumentally idiotic implications. i could go on, but let's discuss the performances instead--or the lack thereof. i should say i adore kiana tom; she's a drop dead gorgeous babe with a body that could stop the earth's rotation, but watching her stumble through dialogue is like having your appendix taken out through your mouth. another problem is the lumbering bill goldberg, whose "funny" lines are anything but. and the more i think about heidi schanz, the less i think of her. you have to wonder about a film where jean-claude van damme is the best thespian in the cast...you might think a movie this foolhardy shouldn't contain any bonus features on dvd. you would be wrong. trailers for this film, "the return," "double team," "desert heat," "knock off," "maximum risk," and "nowhere to run" showcase the dubious career of jean-claude van damme. a making of feature, a van damme career retrospective (ha!), a michael jai white feature, and talent bios round out the disc. my advice to those viewers thinking of renting "universal soldier: the return"? run, my friends, run far, far away and don't look back.
why did they bother......i am a van damme fan and still hold out for the day when he makes a return to the big screen. i bought this recently and now wish i hadn't. unfortunatly with this entry it seems van damme has decided to self-destruct what remains of his career. i hope he made this during his drug addiction years, if not, then i think he has received one to many kicks to the head and should consult a doctor. very predictable throughout which by no means is a bad thing if only the film was enjoyable and didn't treat its audience as if they were 10 year olds. logic seems to have been thrown out the window along with the two page script. rent this before parting with your hard earned cash if only to see the fight scene in the lapdancing club! van damme has shown some glimmer of hope with desert heat and replicant but i think the good old days of kickboxer, timecop, universal soldier and sudden death are long over
a christmas memory i'd rather forget..first off i do not dislike adam sandler, i rather enjoy some of his raunchy antics on film, not so much because i like raunchy antics, but because of the underlying message.  adam sandler really does have a good heart and his films always show this.  you can scoff at his bathroom jokes and spitting, farting etc, but he does that to satisfy his fans who paid money to see him, he is loyal to his fans and to his friends.  ever notice how he always gives jobs to rob schneider and dana carvey?  no one else does, that's a good friend, also his good old fashioned small town morals always win out of the rich, evil fat cats who try to squeeze him in his films.  he never sinks to there level either, perhaps that is why ecn was such a creepy, deeply disturbing film, i cannot, in recent memory recall a more unpleasant time at the movies,what was he thinking?  early on in the film his character, a drunken loser, belches very loudly in a chinese restaurant " ok i go take shower now" says chinese waiter.  i wanted to take a shower too, very soon after that scene.  for starters mr. sandler seems to  think he is a voice over man, he is not.  his idea of a character voice is to squeak his lines out in a nearly impossible to understand whiny nasal twang that is not unlike running a nail down a chalkboard.  one can barely understand he is trying to do a character, and he barely is.  also he is the voice of at least four of his characters, he is equally bad in each.  perhaps the most confusing and depressing is the old white heard man who lives with his sister in a little old house, he wants desperately to win a patch saying he is the town good guy or something, he coaches the kids basketball team, he has been for years, and apparently does not work except to do crappy jobs for no pay so people can ignore and not appreciate him, he is simply there to be lovable, and put upon, he is slightly less subtle then a pie in the face (as is the so-called humor here).  the script calls for sandlers character to be a total jerk for no other reason other then to be redeemed at the end, there is no real motivation for his bazaar, cruel and badly aimed antics other then the screenplay calls for them.  he starts off the film by driving a snowmobile drunk and smashing two ice sculptures, a menorah and a christmas thing, i forget what it was.  he is a repeat offender so his sentence will be a harsh one, but along comes old squeaky voice to offer the judge a chance to give him a reduced sentence, he lets him coach basketball with him in lue of time in the clink, i can just see the road runner and bugs bunny rolling there eyes and shaking there heads, surly, even in a cartoon there is some sort of rule book.  not here.  of course the judge remands him to the custody of squeaky and off they go.  the film then goes on to showcase some of the most outrageous, mindnumbing scenes of animated mayhem this side of a japanese manga involving tentacles and girls in school uniforms.  he goes to the basketball game and insults the children, ridiculing one boy for being fat, the coach is knocked unconscious and puts his hand in his pants "nice kitty kitty" he squeaks, what the???? then an angry father gets on sandlers bad side (his only side) and is force fed a jock strap "i hope you like them extra sweaty" ho ho ho.  for the next part of the film which seems like eight days, crazy or otherwise, his house is burned, he pushes his benefactor down a hill, in a porta potty which freezes feces on him, he is rescued by deer who lick the poop off him, on smiles with a load of ca ca in his teeth.  we are treated to this twice.  god bless us, every one.  by the time the paint by number ending finally gets there we are also subjected to a number of songs, each worse then the last, fortunately they are forgettable as well as bad  "if i move my bowls without using the spray....that's a technical foul" is one of few lines i remember, thank you god.  by reading this one might assume, as i did, that  this is irreverent in the good way, poking fun at old christmas standards, but it is not.  it is disgusting, badly written, annoying and very, very cruel.  the two dimensional nice old brother and sister are treated horribly, for no good reason with no motivation or payoff, the songs are unlistnable and the dialogue is hard to understand, this is not always a bad thing.  of course we discover why the hero is such a jerk, a childhood trauma involving a car crash on hanukkah, he hooks up with is old sweetheart and lives happily ever after.  the same cannot be said for the audience.  why would anyone think this was funny or appropriate, who is the audience?  there are many vulgar sexual references that are not claver or cutting edge they are sad and out of place, the over all feel of the film is one of depressed sinicism and a morbid sense of doom and hopelessness.  adam sandler has been loyal to his friends, his friends should have been loyal to him and told him what a bad idea this was, even if it hurt his feelings.  this christmas turkey won't even work as leftovers.  bah humbug
nightmare before hannukah.i love adam sandler.  well, i used to love him, before he made eight crazy nights.  not only was this cartoon not funny, it was downright trash.  i would not recommend this "feature" to anyone.  "eight crazy nights" was short on story, long on time, and wearing on patience.  i kept watching in hopes that this cartoon would redeem itself; i needed some justification for wasting the 2 hours of my life that i will never get back.  needless to say, i stuck it out until the credits, and now i have to live with the facts that i: 1.) watched the movie; and 2.) i'll never get that time back.  so now i sit here, typing away a review i doubt anyone will read, wasting more of my precious life on that ridiculous movie!  humbug!  watch "ishtar," you'll get more out of it.  oh, and i only awarded one star because amazon insists you give everything at least one star.  i did this under protest.
i'll never watch this garbage again!.four years ago, i received this movie for christmas.  boy, was it a piece of crap!  it should've never been made.  the acting was terrible, it didn't have a good plot, and all of fas's characters made absolutely no sense.  i threw it away because it was so bad. i don't regret trashing it because i'm 100% happier without it. do not buy this movie unless you enjoy watching garbage.
bob saget is the anti-christ.bob saget wants to eat your children - do not see his movie
terrible!.bob saget is the star......what does that tell you
unfortunate inclusion.i agree 100% that it extremely unfortunate that sesame street feels the need to include a reference to a same-sex "couple", regardless how brief the scene. homosexuality has nothing to do with reality, acceptance, tolerance or diversity, and is totally inappropriate material for a children's (or adult's) video. responsible parents will point out to their children (at an appropriate age) that no species in our world today would even exist were homosexuality a part of the natural order. for the most part, sesame street and elmo are wonderful learning tools for children, just not this video or others which try to portray perversity as natural choice to be accepted as reality
unfortunate inclusion.it is unfortunate that the people at sesame street felt the need to include a homosexual couple in a children's dvd. as a past reviewer said this is why you need to screen what your children watch.
thumbs down.my daughter loves elmo and i was dissappointed that it had to show 2 gay dads with a child in the families section. i don't like the way they try to force and use subliminal messages on small children. that goes to show why you have to screen movies before you let your children watch them
wasn't what i expected....this film was not what i expected. it was so plain. i was about ready to turn it off. ..others may like it though.
boring, uninteresting, and dreadful that's what one reviewer is saying....as much as angela bassett, whoopi goldberg and taye diggs work together as a great cast, this film is boring, which they can't help because they're all wonderful actresses and actors, but the plot is just dull and boring...the movie begins with a successful stockbroker in san francisco, who decides from the urging of her best friend, "delilah," played by whoopi goldberg, that she needs a long-awaited vacation. so, while watching tv, she sees a commercial advertising travel to jamaica, so "stella," played by angela bassett decides that as much as she deserves a vacation, finally succumbs to her best-friend's suggestion and flies down there and meets her best friend, "deliliah."..the basic premise is a 40 year old woman falls in love with a much younger man, (old enough to be her son, no less) whose only 20. the 20 year old is named winston shakespeare, a native jamaican, who decides to date "stella." ..at first, "stella" (angela bassett) decides that dating a 20 year old man is robbing the cradle, but going against her better judgment, decides she'll throw caution to wind and date "winston."..from the beginning of the film to the end the plot is boring, dull and uninteresting...the characters like the plot are basic and boring. there's no real drama such as a hurricane taking place, or anything of that nature. while, the actors and actresses are talented not even their great acting abilities and personalities could save this film from being a complete failure, in my humble and honest opinion...to recite a classic cliche, "not even the best popcorn can save this film" and it's because of this that i give the film the lowest rating possiblg of only 1 star, which is extremely unusual for me because i almost always give films a 5-star rating because i enjoy so many movies, but this film just wasn't worth anything more than 1-star...bottome line; you're much better off renting or buying another film.
how shawn got his snooze on. for diehard angela basset fans only..shawn got his snooze on watching how stella got her groove back a great looking angela bassett strolling around the beaches of jamaica in sexy swimwear just wasn't enough to keep me awake during this boring movie adapted from one of the weakest terry mcmillan novels. this movie was so forgettable that i saw it over a month ago and i kept forgetting to write the review for it. .angela bassett is stella, a successful black stockbroker who thinks she's about to be promoted. in spite of her stellar work record, her bosses instead fire her citing financial troubles. (plothole ahead - why would a business that's in trouble fire one of their best employees? wouldn't it have been smart to keep stella there to turn the company around? oh well, terry needed a reason for stella to go on vacation no matter how weak it was.) tired and frustrated with the direction of her life, the divorced single mom decides to go to jamaica for a vacation with a friend (whoopi goldberg) there she gets her hair braided and meets a hunky young chef (taye diggs) and over the slow course of the movie they have one of the most boring romances ever filmed. (does anyone in hollywood know what pacing is?).soon after, stella returns to the states and her man follows her. stella continues to pursue the romance despite resistance from her 12-year-old son. the bosses at her old job want her back to work for them, her new younger lover wants her to follow her dreams. at the end of the movie stella gets her groove back with her younger man and decides to start her own trading business. boring, boring boring. .the onscreen adaptation of stella has all the elements of a great movie. the cinematography is great, showing us stunning visuals of jamaica. the beaches were beautiful, the resorts looked like places i wanted to go. the casting is great; angela bassett and whoopi goldberg are strong enough to carry the movie. but the movie falls apart because the story is so predictable. stella lacks the heart and soul of a true "terry mcmillan" story; it's the same by the numbers may/december romance story used in one of those horrible made for tv adaptations of a danielle steele or a jackie collins novel. by about the half hour mark the movie was losing its groove for me. .angela bassett gives it her all, but the weak script prevents her from giving a great performance. the whole movie is a waste of her time. taye diggs was looks great but his acting is horrible. he has absolutely no chemistry with bassett and his jamaican accent goes on and off throughout the movie. in many scenes he's stiff and uneasy throwing off the romantic mood of the film. whoopi goldberg is just herself in this movie. she doesn't even act at all. regina king is the only bright spot here. she plays her part extremely well overcoming the boring material..if you're a romantic insomniac who wants to get your snooze on, get into stella's groove. but if you're looking for a black romance full of passion pick up love jones, diary of a mad black woman or how u like me now. those romances are full of passion and life.
whack! terrible.this movie was whack it was kinda of good but taye diggs cannot act jamaican and he looked ugly! i bet you that omar epps could have done a better jamaican. and the book was quadruple times better even more
looks like a bad reenactment.the movie "cross of iron" is based on the novel by willi heinrich.  heinrich's novel is a very well written account of warfare on the eastern front from the perspective of a german non-com.  peckinpah's "cross of iron" is unfortunately, is a low budget western with homo-erotic undertones.  the "german" characters look like participants at a bad reenactment.  hell's angels look more like real german soldiers than the characters in this film.  .the dialogue in the film makes me wonder whether peckinpah was drunk while he was directing this film as the acting and dialogue is overly melodramatic and ludicous.  .the creditable acting of coburn, schell and mason are not enough to salvage this dreadful film.
dead and bloated.my second review, as my first did not get printed (as usual).  anyway, i'll try to make this short and sweet.  i usually try and give credits to directors, producers, writers, and actors in most of my movie reviews; however, i'm going to make an exception here.  i've read other reviews that have called this gigantic turd "hilarious", "night of the living dead + money + color", "wonderful for gorehounds", etc., etc., etc.  all i can say is it must not take much to please you people...this is, without a doubt, the worst excuse for a movie i've ever seen.  (my most humble apologies to tobe hooper and "mortuary").  the whiners of horror movies are always moaning and groaning, "why don't critics take horror movies more seriously?".  well, einstein, here's a glowing example.  this is nothing but grade d trash:  horrible effects, horrible acting, horrible writing, horrible directing.  you name it; it's not in there.  this movie's most feeble attempts at humor come off as just that:  feeble.  i bought this, together with "dead and breakfast", and i can't begin to tell you which one is worse...so, here's a little advice from me:  go check out a book at the library, buy a book, go to a real movie, have your hair done, have a manicure--do anything but waste your time on this gag-fest (for all the wrong reasons) of a movie.  another one that i would give zero stars to, if i could.
pretty boring.i love old horror movies especially old zombie movies but this one was very disappointing. the movie was ok but the gore and death scenes sucked. and everyone kept standing next to and walking by zombie like they weren't affraid then they got killed.
a pathetic excuse for a horror flick.all too often when consumers run across an interesting movie that they have never heard of before, they make the decision to buy or rent it based on the packaging instead of writing down the name of the show and then looking up reviews for it. this approach makes consumers the playthings of unscrupulous marketers. one such company is anchor bay entertainment that this summer released a 1988 flick called "the dead next door" on dvd. the packaging for this dvd touted this movie as being a lost horror classic that has now resurfaced. in fact, its labelled a "collector's edition" and a "making of" documentary is added to the dvd. such are the lengths that anchor bay has gone to in order to deceive uninformed customers...the marketing claims are only partly right. the dead next door really is a "lost" horror flick that has been out of sight (not even on cable television) since it was originally released in 1988. however, it is not a classic, unless you consider poorly made features to be "classics" in their own right. think of a latter day ed wood type production made with even.less talent than found in ed wood's movies. ..the dead next door was the brainchild of an akron, ohio teenager named j.r. bookwalter who somehow persuaded hollywood movie maker sam raimi to put up the financing for a flick to be shot on super 8. in gratitude, bookwalter named the lead role "raimi" and one of the lesser roles "dr. savini" after sam raimi associate tom savini. the name of the evil cult leader is named rev. jones in honor of the real life rev. jim jones who was responsible for the jonestown mass suicide in 1978. how original...the dead next door is a good example of what happens when a teenager with no real movie making experience is given a miniscule budget to make a feature length flick. abandoned houses, and a high school serve unconvincingly as high tech labs, government offices and as a headquarters for a zombie cult. the plot is completely unimaginative, the acting is just plain awful, and the original actors voices have been clumsily dubbed back in and sound completely wooden. while watching this, you will find yourself frequently looking at your watch even though the flick is only 84 minutes long...as with the case of so many of today's shot on video (sov) horror flicks, the dead next door comes off looking really cheap and gives the impression of having been just thrown together over the weekend in hopes of cashing in on cool box art, an intriguing title and gullible movie fans. and with good reason since the dead next door was shot in just a few days and comes across as a cheapjack production that was made in haste and with but little talent...the dead next door is a horror flick that is so bad that it is bad. in both this flick and in subsequent productions, j.r. bookwalter shows the lack of an eye for detail and total unoriginality that has resulted in his name being mud among knowledgeable horror flick fans...in any event, the dead next door is a waste of both your time and money no matter how low a price you can  get it for
not as good....my daughter did not take to this dvd as well as usual. she is an avid sesame street fan. however, there is a bit more talking in this one. the singing and characters keep her attention and there is less of that in this one than her others. we barely ever play this one. i would recommend the 25th anniversary and what's the name of that song. they have nonstop singing and characters
content fine; audio terrible.this dvd wasn't recorded by the same people who do the tv show. there's no problem with the song selection - but the recording itself is just terrible. (no, the dvd pressing isn't the problem, it's the way the audio was recorded, and the microphone placement.) sounds like what you get on a home camcorder, circa 1970. ..i don't write many reviews, but thought people should know.
good content, bad quality.the dvd is entertaining to my toddler, but i can't stand to listen to the extremely poor quality audio track. it is almost painful to listen. toddler doesn't notice of course
wow!  quite bad..this is like a crude disney movie with random bits of nudity. ..why was this movie made
"three different gynecologists have proposed marriage to her!".overly predictable story about a high school spaz who inherits a billion dollar porn company where apparently all the women don't take their clothes off too much.  ..the crude american pie - style humor at the beginning is pretty funny but then it sinks into the goofy not another teen movie territory and that got old quick.  add on a true meaning of friendship ending and you'll be praying for the end...who's your daddy? should have stuck to one direction and went with it instead of failing at fifteen.  ali landry is hot but i think marnette patterson is hotter.  neither gets naked, or even close.
this movie sucks.i thought i might see some hot chicks but the producers couldn't even get that right.  the jokes are for middle schoolers, the characters are horrible and i didn't even watch the whole movie.  i only could bear about 30 minutes then i had to shut it off and watch dodge ball, which actually makes me laugh.  i'm not very critical but this movie absolutely, without a doubt blow
unwatchable.i recorded this from tv, and tried to watch it.  i even tried to just watch a little each day, to see if there was anything remotely funny in it. i finally gave up yesterday, and erased it. i actually felt sorry for peter o'toole, that he had to do the unfunny things he had to do in this movie. life is too short to sit through this thing. amazing that some people think it's great. unbearably bad
am i hard of hearing?.the sound quality on the dvd was atrocious.  too bad, given the great burt bacharach score
mgm disappoints again.after a long wait for the release of this classic 60s comedy, mgm has tossed the film on its forgettable pile.  for what was an extremely successful adult comedy at the time; a return for peter sellers after his near fatal heartattacks; the debut of woody allen, mgm has treated this film like the second half of a chuck norris double-bill.  the dvd release is abysmal.  it is compressed, it is not in the format of its theatrical release, the colors are washed out in mgm's usual, generic, neo-colorization process.  the print is cut.  sequences have been trimmed because they are no longer politically correct.  this is especially noticeable in the over-the-top keystone kops finale of the film.  as an older viewer who saw this film in the theatre in 1965 (and many times thereafter), scenes from the original release are missing on this dvd.  although not outstanding and in questionable taste, the fact that they are missing is a disappointment.  it is not a complete print of the original release.  the sound mix is poor and that's being polite.  how one would wish someone who is still alive and cares would give this film the kind of treatment that "jaws" will get.  i hate mgm.  they used to be a studio of quality and now they are worse than ted turner in his colorization days.
rushed stretching with no breathing technique.i am not impressed with this yoga workout. i hoped that by combining it with my other yoga workouts it would improve my flexiblity, but the poses are rushed through at a pace that does not allow for much deep stretching.  the only pose that is held for any amount of time is downward facing dog.  if you follow the pace of the video there is no time for any breathing technique at all.  the pace leads to shallow breathing and rushed stretching in order to keep up.  i feel there is more benefit from spending a half hour stretching on your own than with this video.  he says things like 'relax your tailbone' and 'extend your spine' over and over, yet there is no instruction or description of what rodney is doing or how to do the stretch properly, so you have to constantly look up from your workout, only to see that he has moved on to something else.  yee hops around with no flow to the workout.  i am usually a fan of gaiam yoga videos, but this one has been a dissapointment for me.
disappointed.i use the gaim yoga series on a regular basis. i enjoy yoga and need to improve my flexibility and thought this would be the perfect dvd. the positions move to quickly from one to the next to be beneficial for flexibility and is very quick moving for the true beginner. i would recommend a.m. p.m. yoga for beginners and power yoga for total body.
slow down.i bought this dvd because rodney yee is so highly recommended by others...even this dvd comes with praise by most viewers. however, this dvd is for "beginners" and doesn't come with any instruction about the poses or any "teaching" section. rodney begins quickly and the dvd is very fast-paced---as if the viewer is a yoga expert and the routine a basic one. i would appreciate the workout if there was a preview section of the poses...or if rodney would simply tell us what is coming up next. not good for beginners
scraping the bottom of the barrel with this one..if you've seen everything that keaton has ever done and you're excited about this new release, don't be. many of the snippets have been seen before on other, more professionally produced dvd collections and with much of the content being from keaton's later career, it's sad (and boring!) to watch him reduce himself to some of the work collected here. seems this is a greedy attempt to make some money from bits and pieces scraped together and keaton's name is exploited to do it. do yourself a favor and watch keaton at his best. there are many dvd collections that showcase this brilliant man and this is certainly not one of them...don't waste your money or your time. very disappointing
why buy a box set when you can buy your favorite bonds individually?.while two of the better bonds are contained in this set, thunderball and license to kill, one has to wonder why mgm is pulling a fast one on the american public when you can order the ultimate 2-disc sets individually through mgm europe and pick and choose to your delight.  this is what i did through amazon.co.uk.  of course, you have to have a universal dvd player
0 stars:  this movie sucks.."sometimes they come back" is a terrible attempt at a horror movie.  i love tim matheson and i think he is a very good actor, but this movie is just incredibly lame.  the idea that these four little punks with leather jackets on are supposed to be scary as ghosts simply does nothing for me except make me thoroughly disappointed that i wasted my time watching this crap.  the is movie is a joke!! ..the scene this movie is based on is a sad scene for sure, but to base the whole movie on it is going to far with nothing.  basically, this whole movie is much ado about nothing.  ..i think the biggest joke and the most terrible thing about this movie are these little leather jacket wearing punks as ghosts are supposed to scare the viewer and it simply does not work!!  the premise behind this movie is flawed and lacking in substance from which a horror movie can be successfully derived..."sometimes they come back" is entirely ineffective as a horror movie and evokes only laughter from a sophisticated horror movie fan.  the sequel is so bad, it is not worthy of a comment.  some people call "sometimes they come back" a good horror movie...i just call it rubbish
great performer - so-so teacher.chord soloing is playing chords over a melody. doing this on a guitar faces some challenges: mostly, you play four string chords and you need to outline the chord and the melody on top of it. piano players have it so easy. :)..most jazz tunes have frequent chord changes and alterations, so it's certainly tricky. what an interesting topic to try to teach, isn't it?..mr carlini is a great jazz guitar player, but he's not an interesting teacher. most of the songs are mostly show offs. he hurries over the necessary explanations and just refers to the booklet...he misses these points:.# how do you play these songs?.# what are chord options and why can you substitute to other chords?.# how can you work through chord options to get the optimum playing..my advice to mr carlini is to cut down the number of songs to three or four and thoroughly walk through them...unfortunately, there aren't tons of other instructional dvds in this area, but hope you find something else
far from eisenstein's finest hour.alexander nevsky may be an eisenstein film, but that doesn't make it any less cheesy. in fact, it makes some of those italian peplum look substantial by comparison, with it's crude stereotyping and propaganda as the russian people rise to save their homeland in defiance of the capitalist and aristocratic oppressors of the people and do battle with the baby-burning papist germans (how stalin ever signed the ribbentrop-molotov pact after this hatchet job is a mystery). ..much of the filming is as clumsy as the characterization, with obvious painted backdrops, clumsy medieval-speak dialog, constant reversion to silent moviemaking techniques at their least compelling and a tendency to go for height in the image to such an extent that the action is often barely clinging to the bottom of the frame. it's reputation rests on prokofiev's dreary score and the spectacular battle on the ice, although both are a mixture of the good, the bad and the downright lazy. only moments in the aftermath of the battle retain any real potency
horrible (i.e. yoda) subtitles  and sound....i rented this movie expecting something in the same vein of greatness as battleship potemkin; alexander nevsky may have been a great film, but the bad dvd certainly mitigates its positive aspects. ..i admit that i was laughing at the movie, the whole way through. i don't blame the movie. i don't blame good old sergei. i don't even blame the actors. i blame yoda. ok, bear with me here, but the subtitles were simply the worst i have ever seen. they were worse than the invisible subtitles in bunuel's "exterminating angel" and worse than tinto brass' "la chiave." i could see the subtitles all right, but what they said was the problem: every phrase sounded as if it was translated by yoda. things sounded like: else will the peasents things do you to. everything was backward. now, i can understand a little bit of russian (ukrainian very well), and those translations don't even make sense. ..i didn't want to laugh at the movie, but i did. those horrible translations kept coming back. i can't comprehend why the people who transfered this movie to dvd did not recify this egregious problem. ..furthermore, this is a period piece from a period. it is an epic battle, but was recorded in the 30s so it was very fake-looking. for some reason the fight scenes in the earlier potemkin, looked very real and the acts of cruelty looked very serious and at times disturbing. here they did not. babies were nonchalantly thrown into fires. close-ups of killings that never pierced the armor littered the celluloid and so on. ..the film was good, but unless you speak russian very fluently wait for a version with better subtitles.
how suite it ain't.as a rule, i enjoy films based on plays because they frequently retain the discipline of theatre and avoid the cheap, sleazy, lazy, and gratuitous attention-getting devices for which movies are so well known.  these pictures often boast well-developed characters, evolving situations that reveal complex motives, thereby building drama, and carefully hewn dialogue.  the big kahuna, sadly, is a horse of another color - like glengarry glen ross without the edge, energy, and exquisite contrapuntal timing...roger rueff wrote the play, and the screenplay, danny devito and kevin spacey star, spacey also gets credit for production.  peter facinelli rounds out this threesome of industrial lubricant reps holed up in yet another gruesome hospitality suite, desperately hoping to score.  devito and spacey are both terrific actors, and they make wonderful foils for each other, so, on paper it looks promising...the spacey character is most central; consequently, his flaws draw the movie down most obviously.  spacey is simply too cynical, bitter, and hollow to be interesting; he's toxic.  devito, by contrast, is living in a gentle state of benign despair, toying with suicide the way a child might tease a scab.  the facinelli character is truly cardboard, a symbol - young, idealistic, and a born-again christian who radiates mindless idealism...for rueff, this is a concept play, with a didactic agenda.  by showing two worlds colliding, crass commercialism and intense religious faith, he wants us to notice how similar they are - indeed, he'd like us to conclude that there is only the thickness of a blonde hair separating a man who passionately sells industrial lubricant on the floor of a convention center from a man who passionately sells redemption while wearing a dress and standing in a pulpit.  the concept in itself is interesting, but rueff "tells," and tells and tells, he doesn't "show" through his characters.  it is this interminable leading by the nose that causes the film to fail...devito almost makes the sale at the film's end with a really beautiful speech, but by then it is too late.  also - perhaps one off color industrial lubricant joke too many.  avoid
warning! the middle part is almost completely missing!.dearest robson green fans . . . i bought this video set, and when it arrived, i made my popcorn and settled down for a long night of living vicariously through anna crane (francesca annis) and her steamy love affair with gorgeous owen springer (robson green). i got to see the first part, which i had missed while it was showing on pbs. wonderful. saw the previews for the second part, where the relationship really takes off, and poof!  nothing! we go straight to the last lap, where anna decides which man she will go with, if either! i was devastated! hoping it was merely a fluke with the video, i sent it back, and ordered another one. hoping and wishing it was a fluke! finally it arrived and poof! still no middle scene! i don't know how the distributors got away with this, but wait for it to be redistributed, if it ever is. it's too disappointing not to have the whole thing! i give it 2 stars, just because robson is so appealing
artsy flop.next to a night at the roxbury (another will ferrell zero) this is the worst movie i've ever seen. so maudlin and it dragged on and on and on. it could actually make the viewer pray for death to end the torture so i guess it has some authenticity. brad pitt's particularly bad - one facial expression (blank) and a painful monotone delivery. i think he got some award aptly represented by a carved wooden statue of keanu reeves. mr. brangelina jolie looks awful next to a brilliant thespian like anthony hopkins. bottom line: this movie stinks and so (ironically) does pitt
not a good movie as the reviewers here say it is.i just saw this movie on in hd2.  some people said that this movie is a hidden gem.  at first, i felt the same way.  i didn't even know such a movie existed.  then after about 30 minutes, the movie became really boring.  it just drags on with a weak synopsis.  the cast includes some famous actors and actresses, and i think they are pretty good actors, but without an interesting storyline, the movie is a boring piece of work that leaves no impressions
wait.not a good copy of this great movie. i'd wait and buy the quot;restored authorized edition.quot; even though i bought this version, i've ordered the other. that's how much i like metropolis is general
bootleg avoid.this film itself deserves 4 stars at least. im givin this s*** a one cause its a f*****  bootleg. i tried to play it in 3 different dvd players to include an x-box and it would not play. then when i finally got it to play, it looks like one of those copies that got transfered from tape to disk and it looks and sounds like s***. if your into purchasing s*** like that then i guess this is for you. i advise you to cop this movie somewhere else
0 stars: a nice cure for insomnia.it was on halloween night that i watched this movie called "the dunwich horror" and maybe i was just overexpecting, but 30 minutes into the movie, i just got bored stiff watching it.  in fact, i fell asleep, something i hadn't been able to do recently before actually viewing this sleep aid.  thanks to "the dunwich horror", my insomnia has been cured!  other than that, i would say it's best to leave "the dunwich horror" on the video store shelf.
constipated celluloid.is there anyone more pretentious than this guy? oh yeah, wim wenders comes to mind...bergman's  characters are (very often) in some kind of emotional/mental turmoil...stuff is painful to sit through (due to the way it is always presented.)..have looked at about a dozen  bergman films over the years. you can feel the guy working way too hard to say something profound, to be profound...and basically stumbles around and bores the viewer to death.  ..film directors, like the aforementioned, seem to lack the ability to get down to business: get the point across, and move on. keep it simple, as the late, great charles bukowski often said...but nope, not with these guys. why? because they want you to know you are not just watching another film, you are experiencing  "art."..yeah. right. art to you, but agony for us to sit through...akira kurosawa's films don't usually move at a fast clip the way the slick and idiotic/bloated hollywood mega-budgeted flicks do, but with kurosawa you are unable to take your eyes away from the screen. why? because there is always something interesting going on, and because he knew the last thing he wanted  was bore the viewer  to distraction. also: it's a thing called true genius. kurosawa had it to spare
disappointing.i watched it coz it wasfrom the same maker(s) of quot;the hand that rocks the cradlequot; amp; i had high expectations.  all i can say is it's no near to that movie amp; this film is such a disappointment
watch it for vincent spano.thrills, suspense, violence...all this with a sweet undertone of an innocent child.  carradine and hannah played two psychotic killers...a  great stretch for their normal roles.  they were both convincingly scary,  and i wouldn't want to come across them in the middle of the night.  sour  story of spree killing.  not recommended for young children.  if you love  vincent spano, he does an excellent job in this movie.  i watched this  movie because he was in it.  he gets 100 stars from me
entertaining, but not very educational.i was hoping for a video that would teach my toddler how to treat my baby and dog.  this video, while it's cute, didn't do that.  it basically shows different types of babies and dogs.
disappointing.the dvd is a fairly good description of the plight of the black americian in the amount of time allotted by a dvd but as a history of the blues i believe that it comes up short. the musical performances are definitely geared toward the jazzier side of blues as is the focus of the majority of the film. folk blues, chicago, new orleans, texas, apilachian, ect, either barely get a mention or no mention at all. also cronologically it seemed to jump around a bit they didnt seem to be consistently foloing a time lin
amazing movie, terrible "remastering".this is a review of the "ultimate collector's edition," not a review of the film itself. if you're considering the purchase of a two-disc special edition, you probably already know that the film is great; you just want to know if this slick package is worth the pricetag. ..in short, it's not. and let me be absolutely clear about one thing: i have known and loved this film for years. a few sequences look properly spectacular, but after watching this dvd on two separate (and high-quality) televisions, i'm amazed that all of the low-light scenes have been rendered almost completely dark. like, too dark to tell what's even *happening*. for instance, the scene where brad (harry carey, jr.) runs off to his death, the scene where marty's (jeffrey hunter's) "bride" is serving coffee along the river, and even the pre-dawn scenes leading up to the final storming of the comanche camp, are utterly lost in the dark. by contrast, the bare-bones 1997 dvd release features noticeably richer colors in the daytime scenes and total clarity in the low-light scenes i've just mentioned. don't waste your money on this special edition; you'll be much happier if you just shell out the $10.99 for the 1997 release.
white christmas.this experience was totally unsatisfactory!!!  i received a notice that the product had been shipped;  it included a very long number to trace the shipment. it was promised for february 6th, but did not arrive. on february 16th you wrote me that the shipment was never made.  now which is it?  did you have it, and misplace it in the process, or did you lie when you said it was already send out?  i have had otherwise good results in  my purchases from amazon,  but this is a real mess-up. i wrote to ask how to reorder, and this is the only response since then.  is there anything you can do to change this problem.? do you reprint reviews of your service
please read the book.the book to this movie was awesome! it was by john steakley. if you like vampire literature, get it! the movie? it was bad. and what's such a shame is that, had they stuck with the book, james woods would have been perfect. there's one or two moments, and for that, i give it a star, where he very briefly shines through with the original intent. the rest of the flick was just hollywood garbage and macho crap, nothing like the incredible book. seriously, read the book
the only death here is by boredom!.'let's scare jessica to death' is one of those tricky '70s horror flicks that many of us 30  40-year olds recall seing bits  pieces of, could never quite recall the name, and remember as being very scary. i'm one of those viewers, and decided to give it another watching, now that i can appreciate film better than when i was a kid. sadly, 'jessica' is a horror film better left to the hazy corners of the memory...the story has jessica, recently released from a sanitarium (why she was there we never know), moving from new york to the connecticut countryside with her husband duncan. their friend woody also tags along to help out. duncan decided to spend every penny the couple had on the old bishop farm, a place with a checkered past: the story goes that abigail bishop, set to be married at 18, drowned in the cove behind the farm and "never got to wear her wedding dress", which seems to be a big point for some unknown reason. legend has it that she's a vampire that roams the countryside in search of victims to feed her need. don't ask me how drowning begets vampirism, but that's the story and they're sticking to it...i won't get into the story details since they've been explained previously more than well enough, and not much of anything happens anyway. hancock makes the mistake of opening the film with the ending, so we already know that jessica doesn't get scared to death. nice move, and it certainly turns out to be an ill omen in this case. the film is supposed to present a surreal, ambiguous atmosphere, and tries to keep you unsure of what is real and what may be going on inside jessica's head. it fails to generate any atmosphere because the scenes that are supposed to come off as dreamlike are too in-your-face; they aren't shot with enough flair to come off as nightmarish. it also fails to create tension because it's just so darned boring and dull; too much of nothing goes on for far too long to make anything even remotely creepy...i'd say the only place the film succeeds is in allowing you the freedom to decide what is really happening, and this stems from a decided lack of exposition throughout. i decided that jessica was released from the sanitarium too soon and created the entire story in her decaying mind. she slipped into madness and killed duncan and woody, and what unfolds in the film is the dreamscape she saw it from...the print quality is very good, but the acting is strictly mediocre. zohra lampert (jessica) is horrendous, like the worst you'd see at community theater. her voice, mannish and hoarse, is like nails on a chalkboard. barton heyman (duncan) and kevin o'connor (woody) come off like the typical z-grade horror actors. mariclare costello (emily) is more than nice to look at, but does nothing to convey to charm of a supposed vampire other than staring at everyone with her baby blues and everyone just falling for her for no apparent reason. the dvd comes with no extras whatsoever...don't be fooled by the exasperating reviews that claim this film is filled with subtle horror, atmosphere, and "just gets under your skin". it's as dull and lifeless as bad horror comes
for the best image quality, stick with the previous releases.warner bros really blew it with these new special edition releases of the chaplin films.  instead of transferring them to dvd from the original film sources, they merely converted some pal versions to ntsc.  so, while the new warner's dvds have better sound than the previous versions released by image entertainment, they are also slightly sped up due to the pal to ntsc conversion.  but, worst of all, as the laser examiner website noted, "the picture quality during normal playback is noticeably softer and less defined in texture as well as detail, and the overlaps make the motion fuzzy as well."  so, if you're a visual purist, you're probably better off grabbing the original image entertainment dvd releases of the chaplin films
make sure you know this is an edited, softcore version, not the full thing!.warning to anyone considering this title: this version is the "retail-friendly" release, edited to be less explicit so it is acceptable for sale at most retail stores. there is a harder to find uncensored, much more explicit version of this same title with nearly identical cover art called "guys gone wild: deluxe edition". the uncensored, really wild titles that are also part of the guys gone wild line include the deluxe editon, plus "dude where's my pants?", "the big easy" and "heatstroke". be sure you know you are getting a more playful, less sexual video if you get this instead of those other ggw titles
even less than i expected.i wasn't expecting much when i bought this dvd. allot of my guy friends pop in "girls gone wild" dvd's all excited and watch 15 minutes before you get bored so i expected about the same from this version. this first "guys gone wild" dvd is even worse. a total waste of time and energy and not sexy at all come to mind. if buying this for a bachlorette party prepare for a boring awkward night, ladies. after fast forwarding through minutes and minutes of each guy being coaxed to show something you get only a few exciting moments so to speak and none of them are what i'd call "must-see tv" if you catch my drift. the longest scene in the film is also the most brutal. if watching fat naked guys in g-strings and cowboy hats running through hotel lobbies turns you on than this is for you. ugh. the whole idea of "guys gone wild" was an interesting one, but the actual product was pretty awful. objectafying women as sex objects has been a part of our culture forever and it was nice to see the tables turned... if only the end results had been more substantial.
where is the dvd?.products late as usual.  one week late already. i order on 25 june 2005. people should not order anything from amazon anymore..i order a book published by mcdona from here last year. it was nearly two month late. tragic. they never improve their service. disa0pointing!!!!!! .i got "200 american dvd" last friday. this one only one day late. where are other products? i order all dvd at the same date and get charge at the same date but they get delivery in differnt time???? very unresonable!!!
only for the beginner.this tape is for the absolute beginner who knows nothing, and i do mean nothing, about make up application.  if you loved make up as a teen or have experimented as an adult, you already know everything shown in this dvd.  if you are looking for a tape that shows techniques for shading, hiding flaws, creating the kind of make up looks that you see in magazines, do not buy this tape.  i'm sure there will be women who will find this type of truly rudimentary explanation illuminating, but do not buy this tape if you want to learn professional techniques.  i was especially disappointed by title, it implied to me that there would be specific lessons in creating different looks, what they mean is there are two looks, (one for day, one for night) for many of the different ethnic models, and not even two looks for each of the models.  really not a terrific tape
waste of my time..i researched this title on amazon and then borrowed it from my local library. i'm so relieved that i didn't buy it because it was not at all informative. i was looking for guidance as far as suitable eyeshadow/foundation/concealer for different skin tones as well as instruction on how to to apply them. while the makeup artists did give a tip or two, there was very little instruction or guidance provided. no more than i would have received sitting at a department store makeup counter anyway. the good news is that they used real, attractive woman (as opposed to supermodels with perfect cheekbones and flawless skins).
no hollywood hit here.if you are looking for a story line, good acting, secrecy, suspense, unsuspecting love. then buy maurice. under one roof has none of the qualities that makes a movie, not only a hit, but at least interesting enough to watch all the way through. i had to force myself awake through endless minutes of idiocy where i just thought- what is the big deal. it seems to me that the movie focused on how the love between two mean was so hidden for the danger it would impose on the two of them. honostly, how long does it take for two gay men who attracted to each other and to realize the attraction. apparantly it takes the never ending length of the movie. perhaps it should be titled "the tale under one roof that never ends". my recommendation is to save your money and buy something else. if you are looking for a type of move that identifies impossible attractions then i recommend the trip, or maurice.
one of the worst films i've ever seen.i've seen many 'gay themed' movies but this one has to rank as one of the worst!  the acting is horrible, the lighting is horrible...well, it is a low budget offering.  but this is about as low as one can get.  .the movie does have some redeeming qualities:  the casting of the two leads is o.k.  not great, but o.k.  the casting of the best friend of the chinese boy (i think the character's name was tony) was horrendous.  where did they find this guy?  i can't believe anyone would touch him with a ten foot pole.  he gave me the creeps...yet he had so many affairs in this film...something that was totally unbelievable to me.  i give this film two stars instead of one because of the believability of the two main leads.  but the script, the supporting cast and all the production values are simply terrible.  this movie was a complete waste of time and money.
awful.the "acting," if you can call it that, is terrible.  i've seen better high school productions.  the production values are so awful as to negate any empathy one might have with the characters.  don't waste your money
great panoramas. repugnant story..i do not like movies or stories where people get in trouble by doing things they know they should not do. i like them even less when they hurt innocent people by doing things they know they should not do...summary: two people use their lust for each other as an excuse to fall down on their jobs, break commitments they make to their spouses, and hurt people they love, but their long-lasting love for each other helps them avoid depression...if these two people had been a man and a woman, this would be just another adultery movie. but because this is a mainstream movie about gays, it shocks people into ignoring the fundamental theme of abuse. if two lovers make the mistake of marrying other people, they should either live with the mistake, or get a divorce (preferably before having children). they should not punish their spouses and children for their mistake...[...]...other people obviously enjoy watching stories of abusers. i don't
the worst movie ever made..this movie has got to be the worst i have ever seen. garfield written by jim davis is a wonderful comic with lots of clever humor. garfield is my favorite comic of all time. but this movie was nothing like the comic at all. even jaws: the revenge and batman and robin can entertain me when i'm really bored. this movie i felt like i was trapped threw the whole thing. before this movie i believed that every movie could be slightly entertaining, nd then i saw this. if you're a fan of the comicdon't see this movie. its not garfield its just a bunch of characters with the same names, that don't act at all like there comic counter parts. i think if i could rate this movie any number i would rate it -10. its just that bad. do not by this movie. in fact don't even rent it you aren't missing anything if you don't see it. my final word is that if you want to see the real garfield just read the comics
oh man.......are you kidding me?......they destroyed my cat!.i finally sat down with my kids on this one and it was just ridiculous to me. the kids love it of course because they found the cat funny. i have to agree on what some critics have said: garfield is old and busted. the movie is, sadly, 10 years overdue. just look at the long listing of garfield tv specials, most of which are 1982-1992, and "garfield and friends" began in 1988. it was delayed, i read, because jim davis believed the technology wasn't there. it was; it's called regular animation. garfield is a 2-d medium, either on the comics page or on animated cells. but, i guess, since no one does that anymore, 2004 couldn't have a 2-d garfield...the problem is not necessarily with the cgi garfield and his actions, although some of the characteristics displayed are not those i associate with the cat. the problem is with the supporting cast who look, by and large, not like their animated counterparts. who made odie a wiener dog with talent? why is nermal siamese and not the "world's cutest kitty-cat"? shouldn't arlene be a lot nicer to garfield? (by the way, since odie has no speaking lines in either the strip or show, the movie's similar lack is accurate.)..the set design, in bright hues, can't decide whether it's in the real world or in a real-life comic strip. breckin meyer ("inside schwartz") is just not the right fit for jon. he's too likable to be our comic-strip loser. while i can accept the whole high-school-crush of jon and liz on each other (something definitely not in the comic strip), the payoff would have been better had the tension not vanished prematurely...the plot arc is not necessarily departed from all of garfield. it fits more in the mid-1980s, when the strip actually did have week-plus-long plots. in one series, for example, odie did leave home, and garfield did follow him, and they ended up running away from the circus together. those citing rip-offs from "toy story" and other similar movies should note the 1982 tv special "here comes garfield" shares many elements of both movies and so this movie doesn't take from pixar, but rather from itself 20 years ago....i wish that the networks would put "a garfield christmas" and some of his other specials back on the air; it would build more interest in him. i still love the character. the movie doesn't deserve to be ranked as low as it is by the critics. at the same time, though, it reminds you of how good it might have been. as garfield has attempted to extend its "brand" by licensing to cub scouts and 4-h, you can't help but think it's grasping for an audience that never became fans like the previous generation did... i can't bring myself to demolish a character that still makes me laugh, even if his best work was from when i was young enough to be in the target audience. and even that rating is being nice compared to those who want this cat and its empire put to sleep. ..better luck next time kitty.
augh!.this is a terribble adaptation for one of my most favorite comics, and when there were 5 stars for it, i felt i gotta say something..several points to make:.1) the 3-d animated garfield.2) it's not cartoon - what happened to those big eyes and outrageous - highly over - reactive - expressions?.3) liz falling for jon?.4) garfield viewed odie as his brother?.5) the backward character of the dognapper, the great villain?.this is a nightmare for all true garfield friends. for those who did not watch it yet, do not buy it
dull repetititve and not enough warm up.i did not enjoy this video at all. yes voight has a wicked body and is obviously in peak condition, but i found her moves to be way too bouncy and devoid of sufficient warm up. i am quite fit and would have liked to have had more of a build up to the exercises in the first section. as for the relaxation session for the pm it was just soooooooo dull !..lack of variation really turned me off...i also found seeing the camera switch from the studio to her jumping around in front of a settee really ridiculous...only for die hard fans i would say, though i am sure many would disagree. i simply detested it
see it for drew only!.the best part of this movie is drew barrymore. i really liked her character, nina, who was so colorful, fun, flirty and a little schemer. :)this film tried a little too hard to be an quot;indiequot; film, told from two sides. it didn't work for me, but maybe it'll work for you
caveat emptor.buyer beware! this looks like a lowball of a deal if you consider that most of the movies depicted are the worst hollywood has ever produced and delivered. i would look at the reviews and perhaps rent each individual movie before you by them all together. here's a view of some of them:..'the big red one': without question one of the worst wwii/d-day films ever produced in every respect (technically and historically.) the film stars lee marvin who's much too old to play a grunt on the beaches of normandy.  the film is riddled with cliches and bad scenes from beginning to end.  it wasn't even filmed in europe but israel.  yes, the coasts and beaches in israel look so much like normandy it's striking!  it's about as bad as setting auschwitz in death valley for a holocaust film...'the gauntlet': dirty harry-type eastwood movie where he's got to protect a witness against corrupt cops. not a bad movie but not his best either: far below his dirty harry films or his westerns...'point of no return': american version of "la femme nikita" starring bridget fonda. o.k. but the french version was better and more realistic...'the sea wolves': humor-action wwii movie starring roger moore. this one is actually pretty good with a lot of action...'soldier': probably the worst movie that kurt russel ever starred in where he has an even smaller script than schwarzeneger in "terminator." pathetic: not even worth watching once...'tango and cash': comedy-action cop movie with kurt russel and sylvester stallone. o.k. but after a while you begin to wonder whether you're laughing at the film or the fact that this was even made into a movie...'victory': good movie about a soccer team of prisoners in wwii starrring michael caine and sylvester stallone. this film is probably the best one out of the entire selection...'when trumpets fade': another one of the absolutely worst war films ever produced regarding the obscure battle of hurtigen forest at the close of wwii in europe. a pathetic film with a horrible screenplay and equally disgraceful acting: avoid like the plague!  i got it for free as a bonus to buying 'band of brothers' and i threw it away after one viewing as i couldn't stop laughing as to how bad this movie was...save your money and buy the few good films in this packet separately.  most of the movies in this package are not worth buying trust me
they have got to be kidding..there are maybe two ok movies in this "deal", the rest are junk.  i do not want to own any of them personally.  the best part is the deal itself.  every single one of these movies can be had for less than ten bucks.  if they chopped the first number of the price, they might be able to call it a deal
not terribly useful collection.while the movies here in and of themselves are not 'bad' movies, unless you really want to buy them all you would probably be better off seeking the specific movies that you want rather than coughing up $115 for them here
mr. l. mapes.i was very disappointed in the product. for the most part, they were a very poor quality of recordings. i realized that they were old, but with the new computor knowledge that we have, i would have expected the dvd's to be better. i guess the only answer to this poor product, is i got what i purchased. a very poor product for amazon to be selling.
worst season ever.i am a huge buffy fan, but i hated this season.  i am a spuffy fan, and there was no spike. even if i wasn't a spike or spuffy fan, though, i still would have hated this season.  there was hardly any continuing plot, except for the short scenes with angel, leading up to their two kisses.  it was very boring, with another random theme each episode, and i would have to say the only episode i liked was "prophecy girl".  if you want to watch this season, order it from the library or buy it used, but don't waste good money on it.
one of the worst movies ever!!!!!!!!!.why is this movie a classic? the plot line was nonexistent, and the characters were completely unlikeable.the implication that annie hall was a lesbian didn't make any sense! woody allen's character was completely freeky and there was not a single purpose for him being there. come to think of it, there was no purpose for this movie!!!!!! so save yourself and never watch this film
a self-important, self-indulgent, self-pompus lousy movie.this is a movie directed and played by a guy with unsalvageable narcissus complex. always dreamed himself as a modern day casanova in n.y., just like that george kastansa character in 'seifield', a big lover, a womanizer, a baldy forever young romeo. almost all of the screenplays he wrote, the movies he directed, the characters he played were all like this. i just don't know how women would fall for him in the least sense and possibility, only if in his wet dreams. this is a very nauseating movie. all of his movies are almost the same, only the movie titles changed. the only one i liked is his recent 'match point', nothing else. and i felt lucky this guy was too old to play that role now, otherwise, he wouldn't allow anyone else to play that ambitious murderer but him.
beware this "bootleg" dvd.royal wedding isn't on dvd yet. that's because the owner of the film, warner bros. hasn't released it yet...but several other companies have, under the "guise" of public domain. the original copyright on the film was not renewed properly with the library of congress, so the film is perceived to be public domain, although the music is very much copyrighted and every distributor of this movie is participating in copyright infringement by selling these "bootlegs"...the companies make the money, because they're selling other people's property...the people who ultimately suffer are you, the consumer, unknowingly buying products of inferior (worse than professional vhs) quality, thinking you're getting the real thing, because it's a dvd...save your money. wait until warner bros. gives us the real thing.thing.....and by the way, the movie gets 4 stars, it's the cheapo bootleg dvd that gets 1 star!
nice dancing and music, but very dull.this movie would have been a complete failure if fred astaire hadn't starred in it. i found it to be exceptionally dull. except for "i lost my hat in haiti" and "you are", and footage from the actual wedding of a member of the british monarchy, this film is pretty terrible
major disburbing.to say this movie is disburbing is a major understatement.  i was so dizzy from the first 10 minutes, i got sick; but that was nothing for what was to come. i wish time was reversible to where i could go back and not see this one
do not waste your money.i'm sorry, david kirsch is no motivator like billy blanks or kathy smith...too basic and completely boring. do not waste your money- instead for a really good weights (all round and in segments of arms, legs, butt, abs, plus extras) dvd buy kathy smith's lift weights to lose weight 2
disappointing.i had heard that this guy is tough.  well it certainly didn't show here.  ..as an avid watcher/do-er of many many exercise dvds, i know what is motivating and appealing.  this however is not one of those programmes.  he's a bit on the boring side and a little flighty.  i never understand why exercise dvds have a music soundtrack, if they aren't going to do repetitions to the beat.  the timing is hickilty pickilty, and if you aren't watching the screen but listening to him babble instead, then you will be way off the amount of reps that the model does.  that is frustrating.  and why does he want the viewers brain to be in their stomach???..do not buy this dvd if you are intermediate or advanced.  it is purley for beginners.  it simply isn't challenging enough to be very beneficial to anyone over beginner level...if you are looking for better workouts, then almost anything else will be superior to this.  sorry david
"these panties are obscene.".in the self-indulgent french kinkfest, "voyage en douce", distraught lucie (geraldine chaplin) unexpectedly arrives at the home of long time friend helene (dominque sanda). lucie is sporting a black eye thanks to her husband. it comes as no great surprise to discover that lucie is unhappily married and refuses to return to her husband. book illustrator helene is leaving for the south on holiday (leaving "housebroken" hubbie and kids at home). she invites lucie to join her and the two hit the road. .."voyage en douce" begins by hitting the dynamics of female relationships in all the right places. lucie and helene's friendship--which stems back to childhood--is fraught with problems. there's an intimacy there, but neither woman quite trusts the other. there are also old resentments, rivalry, and a degree of game playing in front of helene's husband. ..the lesbian theme soon raises its head, and once in the country, helene is busy snapping photos of lucie naked. a certain amount of storytelling takes place--some of it may be fantasy--and the naughty pair seem to revert to giggly girlhood. unfortunately, the film takes a dive and soon the girls are shaving each other's armpits, and one story/fantasy scene involves helene suckling her grandmother in bed. the plot may constitute a voyage of discovery for these two, but for the viewer it's rather self-indulgent and uninteresting. in french with english subtitles--displacedhuma
sorry.i'm sorry to report this is just a pale shadow of the original tv show (which was amazing). this one apparently had next to no budget, and none of the fabulous human actors (seth green, eugene levy etc) which made greg the bunny so funny and textured. instead it feels like they just sat down and improvised the whole thing.
where's the original?.where can i get the 'original' riverdance -- the one we saw on tv?  i have it on vhs, but it doesn't seem to be available on dvd
slush and sludge, "the best of riverdance".a shocking disappointment containing very little of the riverdance we all enjoyed so much on telelvision, a disc of which i would buy today...this is a dreadful compilation of overly saccarine bits and pieces of all too many perfomers exhibiting their talent and craft all of which is of high caliber having little to do with riverdance...i am so saddened that the lovely, talented and star, jean butler has given her imprimatur to this disc.  she is riverdance, not michael or colin.  there is more soul in her eyes than all of m's acrobatic display of ego and exhibitionism. talk about mugging for camera and audience!..there is so little of riverdance on this disc as to question "truth-in-advertising."  this compilation is no more than a thinning of the mix.  amateur night...someone decided to make a politically correct vaudeville, slighting the headliner, offering us something for everyone instead of a celebration of "irish."..nb.  i am not irish, to the bone...do not buy this disc unknowingly while expecting the show you saw on television
disappointing due to constant splicing of scenes.we wanted to own a copy of riverdance, and foolishly thought that the best of riverdance meant that they would pick out the best performance of each number and include that.  they did include quite a few of the hits, but instead of showing the one best performance, they had to be "democratic" and include all of the performers, spliced together on the same numbers.  so one moment you see girls in pink dresses, then they are in green, then back again.  one lead dancer, then another, in a different costume.  also the film quality changes from each performance, so one minute you are seeing what looks like a videotape, the next what looks like a movie.  it was jarring, distacting, and annoying...the only saving graces were that the finale doesn't have the jumping around, spliced business at the end, it includes davy spillane's "caoineadh ch chulainn", and the tappers are great...a shame really, because this could have been a great dvd.  we ended up ordering riverdance - the show (1995) from amazon uk, so we could see the show in a smooth, seamless production.  we do wish they would make a dvd of the 1995 version.  or re-do this one.  we simply can't recommend it.
this film is an outrageous sacrilege!!!!!!!.many people will consider giving this movie such a low rating a sacrilege.this is understandable because so many people have grown up watching this film.i too loved this movie at a certain period of my life.the period between my birth and when i turned ten.that was when i read the book.the book is perhaps one of the greatest literary works ever created.it has now been awhile since i first read it,but i still remember the excitement i felt with each new chapter.i finished it in a few short hours.since then,i have reread it several times,and each time it has been just as enjoyable.it is a true classic that people of all ages can enjoy.my brother reads as little as possible, but even he loved it.the movie,on the other hand,has gotten worse with each subsequent viewing.it deters from the book in almost every way possible.it makes a mockery of each character through a combination of poor writing and horrible acting.judy garland is an absolutely abominable choice to play the plucky heroine,dorothy gale.in the book,dorothy was a little girl of about eight or nine and she was brave and clever.in the film,she is whiny,cowardly,fretful,and slightly stupid.she is also portrayed as being around fifteen.making her this old distorts the book and her older age doesn't fit with her childish behaviour and appearance.besides wrecking the book,this movie when looked at clearly is a terrible film.don't misunderstand me,i am a fan of musicals.however,this film made for an atrocious musical.practically every single song was annoying!!!!!also,the "somewhere over the rainbow" number did not suit the plotline as it was in the book.this brings me to the biggest,most awful,distortion of them all!!!in the book,dorothy really went to oz!!!!!not only that,she returned to oz several times in other oz books.eventually,she even moved there to live!!!in making the whole experience a dream,the entire story of oz was destroyed.having said that,this movie receives a 1 in my opinion.even so,i realize that many people will persist in liking this movie despite my words of wisdom.if they do sill consider this movie a favorite after reading the book,then the 3-disc dvd is the edition to purchase.the features look good and the picture is restored.as for me,i will spend my money on better things.
nothing funny about it.jack nicholson is wasted in this movie. he doesn't get to be jack, he just plays a watered down characature of himself. but the worst aspect of the movie is the very basis of the story. sandler's character keeps getting set up and as a viewer you keep wanting a payoff, a reprisal, but the point of the movie is that his character won't do it. so you have a buildup of tension throughout the movie followed by a weak and rushed attempt at a payoff. the movie should have been dumped in the first draft stage...i chuckled at 3 throwaway gags in the film; the rest of the time i kept looking at my watch wondering when it would be over
anger management fails....i watched anger management on the plane. since there is nothing else to watch, and the flight is more than ten hours, you usually watch whatever is on t.v. i thought that this movie as a whole was pretty bad, though there are some funny parts. there is some offensive language. overall, it's a bad movie and is not worth watching.
roman holiday.the dvd won't play at all. (the other 2 is okay)  for some reason our player cannot read this dvd. is it possible if i can return it? please advice...also, follow up on  the microwave rice cooker that i ordered , until now i haven't received it. please advice if you sent it too...tks
great idea done so bad makes you want to howl in pain! after watching!.i brought the dvd based on the core story line.  i love all werewolf movies hence it is extremely hard to make a werewolf movie i do not absolutely love!  full eclipse manages to be a werewolf movie i absolutely hate with a passion.  i can handle lame sets, card-"bored" actors \ acting, bad special effects, cheesey looking werewolves, innane campy over the top dialogue almost anything.  sometimes bad werewolf movies like wolfen among others end up being incredibly funny which make me like them immensely despite their downfalls.  full eclipse is dull bad as anything i have ever seen and is not one bit funny at any point along the way...full exclipse lame from start to blessed finish takes itself way way way too seriously to ever for a moment be the least bit funny.  full eclipse is trying desparately to be an action adventure flick but it never succeeds despite its many pathetic icreasingly lame attempts.  i never ended up liking any of the characters despite getting to know them.  why these people did what they did was never fleshed out in ways that made me care about their mission.  full eclipse came across as a job for b actors and everyone dutifully showed up said their lines worked on the set, put a way lame but completed film in the can and promptly went home to gag in isolated shame at the things they did for money that day...what i can not abide however is a movie that holds itself out to be a werewolf movie that tries unsuccessfully to be more than just a slash and burn horror fest.  in a low budget werewolf movie you don't need lots of intense background build up on the characters you just want to see liberial doses of blood, gore and entrails spead all over the place.  this movie spends way too much time slowly plodding along calling itself developing the characters.  i gave the dvd one star because it did such a bad job of developing the characters depsite almost the entire film wasted in the effort...the real criminal in the making of full eclipse was the editor so much background stuff that should have ended up on the cutting room floor made the final cut into the film.  the pacing of the film was so slow it put me to sleep twice before i finally managed to see all of it.  watching this werewolf flick was profound torture and i love most werewolf flicks.  the full blooded dude to werewolf conversion in this movie was on the best i have seen but even that could not save this movie...full eclipse suffers from being boring beyond all words which is the one cardinal sin i will not forgive in a werewolf movie.  given the chosen path this werewolf movie had staked out, even i could have made a far more exciting satisfying movie than what was slapped together in full eclipse.  full eclipse is not bad ha ha is is bad... snore fest - zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz wake me up when it is over.  if i had a choice between watching this movie again and getting a root canal i'd be off to the dentist office with a big toothy wolflike grin with hugs for my dentist for his kindness...full eclipse is painfully slow so bad that when my office has its annual dvd and book give away for charity i intend to offer full eclipse up for sacrafice.  full eclipse is so bad i honestly do not want it in my collection and i rather pride myself on having most werewolf movies.  full eclipse was so bad however it is one werewolf movie i will brag about not having in my huge collection.  if i could give full eclipse a less than one star rating i would.  i have rarely been more disappointed by a werewolf movie.  dog soldiers among others is much better choice than this mess
great acting but a bad story line..mario van peebles, patsy kensit, and paula marshall are all talented individuals whose talent went to waste in this film.  the storyline of crime busting werewolves was really dumb.  the main werewolf itself looked  like a joke in comparison to the werewolf in quot;an american werewolf in  londonquot;
dull.i'm a big fan of the blues. i even play a little country blues on the guitar. that being said, i was really looking forward to reading this book. unfortunately, i have found this to be a really dull read. the book just seems to ramble along, trying to romanitize the blues instead of just giving the facts. i already understand the magic of the blues. i didn't need a book convincing me of that magic. it was also difficult to keep track of the chronology of the development of the music. .the author talks a lot about african rhythm when, in fact, african rhythms have little to do with the blues. discussions of rhythm would be more appropriate in a book about jazz. i found myself skipping ahead in hopes of finding something interesting. alas, i did something i don't often do once i start a book--i stopped reading it
'science' fiction it's not.....the basic premise of this movie could be quite interesting - how does a man trained as a 'killing-machine' integrate back into society.  yes, it's been done before but still holds promise.  the plot was adequate...the acting was believable - no complaints there.  i particularly enjoyed sean pertwee as 'mace'.  and jason isaacs has long been a favorite actor...but what ruined the movie for me was the science.  i'm not a fanatic - i have no problems with ftl travel or spaceships 'banking' on turns or loud explosions in space in movies.  and i realize that movies are not 'real'.  but i've never seen more 'bad' science in any one movie.  my son and i watched this together and it turned into a contest seeing who could catch more bloopers.  ..i could go on and on detailing the scientific and logic errors in this movie - but it would take me all night.  it spoiled the whole movie for me
el sucko!.i am a big fan of kurt russell but this movie sucks. and as forrest gump said, "thats all i have to say about that.
disappointment on video quality but not the content!!.i have disappointed because of bad quality of dvd. it's mastered from a used vhs casette. you can see even head distortion on bottom of the screen. beause of bad quality it didn't made any difference than other videos. i have a download from internet that shows jfk centered and it's crystal clear picture. i can manage it frame by frame. other cameras are showing the incident incomplete. i think some one cencored the film rolls. why they sell dvd in vhs quality. let them sell cheaper cd version instead
uninspired and forgettable cop vs. killer movie.blowback follows very well trodden ground. a standard cop vs. serial killer movie, it sticks to the cliches of the genre.  the killer's quot;twistquot; is that he kills each victim in the style of a martyred saint, with a bible reference in a test tube placed in the mouth. perhaps the intention is to echo other recent screen psychos like seven's john doe or silence of the lambs' buffalo bill. blowback's villain is, however, like all the other characters, lacking in character depth and ultimately unconvincing.   mark l. lester, the director, has been a prolific producer of mediocre action movies, notably commando and big trouble in little china. some of these can perhaps survive as late night movies to be watched over a few beers. still, even among the lesser cop movies, there are a lot that should be seen before this one. try fallen or bone collector. regarding the dvd, it's 3:4 format, with no features (not that you'd want them
this film ripped off ray bradbury's wonderful ice cream suit.hasn't anyone noticed that this film is a total ripoff of ray bradbury's short story and film "wonderful ice cream suit"?.four men pitch in and buy a suit, take turns wearing it, and something magical happens to each one.  some originality, people
the loved one.this is by far the worst movie i have ever seen. no humour the cast going through the motions for the money. i buy a great number of movies on amazon's recomendation. most have been good but for this one i should get a refund...i will give it to my mother-in -law for her birthday!..harold  maude was a five star black comedy.  the unloved one should be no stars at all
don't bother.this movie is awful. sound and audio are terrible. jim carrey should be embarrassed.the only thing that could help this movie is to turn it off
only for jim.the film has a realy bad picture  sound this thing made watching the movie and i'm bored, this star only for jim carrey not fot the movie
a glorified commercial.this thankfully brief title cannot even be called a movie; it is a glorified ad for the ski slopes and entertainment at club med. it is only worth a viewing if you really have to see a young jim carrey doing good impersonations of steve martin and sammy davis jr. singing mr. bo jangles. and if you want to see what get smart's hymie the robot has been up to! otherwise, you would have to be a fan of skiing championships or the musical performers (see other reviewer's comments for musicians' names; i forget who they are) that dominate this overlong commercial
disappointed.i watched this thinking it was comparable to the quality of the series firefly, but the characters here are much too one dimensional.  the plots are not very original or creative.  also one thing that bothered me personally the politics is distinctly right wing and makes a poor case for it's side.  for example in one episode they have a progressive politician advocating civil rights for all vs. a right wing strong man.  in the end the progressive is found to be leading a conspiracy to commit murder.  this didn't fit the character's values except, perhaps, in some right wing fantasies.
white christmas.this experience was totally unsatisfactory!!!  i received a notice that the product had been shipped;  it included a very long number to trace the shipment. it was promised for february 6th, but did not arrive. on february 16th you wrote me that the shipment was never made.  now which is it?  did you have it, and misplace it in the process, or did you lie when you said it was already send out?  i have had otherwise good results in  my purchases from amazon,  but this is a real mess-up. i wrote to ask how to reorder, and this is the only response since then.  is there anything you can do to change this problem.? do you reprint reviews of your service
a girl dancer has to be exotic; she has to be - a peach..i realize that many may love this film for the impressive sounds that both fred astaire and judy garland create together.  i must admit, there was quite a bit of singing and dancing to demonstrate this karmic connection that these two had together.  honestly, i would like to admit that there was just a bit too much singing and dancing in this film.  easter parade was nothing except a showcase that allowed astaire to prove himself to audiences again and again, while garland attempt to counter her wizard of oz persona that followed her until her bittersweet end.  musicals are a tough genre to create.  you, as a director, need to have a concrete balance between the song/dance routines and the physical plot, which keeps the audience watching until the very end.  i have seen musicals fail and succeed because the director had that bond secured.  sadly, easter parade's director, charles walters, did not have a strong enough grip on the two.  instead of a good story, with emotional characters, and a sincere plot, we are forced to watch garland and astaire seemingly attempt to continually outdo themselves on screen.  there was no chemistry between the two, there was no logical plot to this story, and finally, there was no emotion.  i cared nothing for anyone in these performances because i was bombasted time and time again with dance, song, and meaningless clichs, which seemed to be the overall theme of this film...judy garland and fred astaire fans out there are not going to enjoy what i am about to say. this being my first fred astaire picture watched, i must admit i was not impressed.  astaire did nothing to develop his character throughout the film.  while i do agree that it is the job of the director to create these lines, astaire should have done something instead of prance around hoping to carry this film on just the weight of his tappy feet.  as i watched easter parade, i couldn't help but think of astaire as this manipulator towards his own common good.  i saw him as this evil man who wanted nothing more than to be successfully, but was not willing to do it on his own.  from the opening scenes in this film, where it is obvious that he loves the camera on him, to the moments where he is on stage proving that he is the top dog in dance and song.  perhaps i misread this film, but i saw astaire as this guy who had relationship issues.  he wasn't interested in actually falling in love, but didn't want to loose his partner again.  his character don was determined to be the best in the business, and he didn't care whom he was partnered with which allowed him to reach that goal.  you could see that when he showed minimal emotion towards nadine when they parted, and how unemotional he because during all of his scenes with garland.  there was absolutely no chemistry between these two actors.  i believe the age difference to be the biggest hurdle, but the fact that when they gazed into each other's eyes nothing pulled me, demonstrated how poorly the director chose on this film.  you could tell that walters wanted two big names to anchor this film because he didn't have the glue to keep it together himself.  coupled with the fact that johnny was the most random character witnessed in cinematic history also hurt the overall emotional effect of the film.  what was johnny's relationship with nadine?  it felt like whatever was available, these two men ran towards, without any emotion or sympathy for anything.  it was disastrous...not only was the acting enough to be scoffed at, but the plot ... well ... was completely missing.  there were minor threads of plot dangling throughout the film like the dysfunctional wardrobe that garland wore during one of the dance sequences.  that dress completely represented the direction of this film.  the dress itself was the actual plot, while the falling pieces of fabric represented the audience being tossed about and thrown on the floor in hopes to reconnect with the dress again sometime during the performance.  alas, we never did.  due to the plot, we jumped, literally, from emotion to emotion, never quite sealing a secure moment throughout.  one scene we are trying to connect with johnny and hannah, the next with hannah and don, then there is nadine and hannah, or was it johnny, and what about don and nadine?  jump.  jump.  jump.  it became obviously clear that walters knew that this was a flimsy plot and instead of fixing it, pushed more song and dance into the film to attempt to cover the soiled sections.  it did not work.  our flimsy characters, no matter how well their singing, could not conceal this broken direction that walters obviously lost control of...finally, there were the songs.  decent numbers, but just too many.  what was the infamous "easter parade"?  you would think that a film that chose to have this as their title would explain the ritual a bit further.  sure, there was a song, but i kept watching astaire jump around so often that the dizziness caused me to miss the lyrics of the songs.   there is no need to break into song so often about absolutely nothing.  walter's needed to take a page from a true musical like singing in the rain to show him how to correctly combine a great plot with some great songs!..overall, i didn't like this film.  i needed better characters, stronger stories, and the director to just tighten down on this runaway balloon.  i think if you saw astaire at a bar today, looking like he did in easter parade, the first words out of your mouth would be "glen quagmire".  he looked like an utter sleaze that preyed on young women, but maybe it was astaire just trying to stay with his character!..grade: * out of ****
waste of time.it said it was about girls going to a nudist beach.they went the beach for about five minutes and it was a topless beach.iam trying to add to my nudist movies and these set backs don't hel
irritating and unorigional.i don't remember seeing isild le besco in any other films, but she does look a bit familiar.  if i have seen her elsewhere, it must have been in a role that she performed with much greater insight and finesse than gwen from 'girl's can't swim', or i definitely would remember.  i'm still not sure what the title actually means... something about young women struggling to find their way... blah blah blah... but, it actually wasn't a terrible film.  nevertheless, le besco's performance is one of the most irritating i've seen in years.  i was reminded of dorothy parker's cutting remark when critiquing a katherine hepburn film: 'she runs the gamut of emotions from a to b.'  .le besco was either shown with an extremely obnoxous smile plastered on her face, or she was smacking her friends or family in a 'hissy fit of rage'.  these tantrums always ended with gwen running off to the sea with all the grace of a three-legged moose.  what made lebesco's performance stand out even more was the fact that everyone else's performances were nearly flawless..this film was recommended to me after purchasing 'l'effrontee', a truly marvelous picture.  while watching the first 30 minutes of 'girl's can't swim' i could see that i was not the only person who admired 'l'effontee's' subtle brilliance.  obviously the director and/or screenwriter of 'girl's cant' swim' intended on building upon the other film's message, but as a lark, they subtracted all of its poignance and sensitivity..i give the film 2 out of 5 because, despite its flaws, it is still superior to the vast majority of 'toejam' that hollywood produces each year
superficial.whatever happened to the glory days of french cinema like truffaut, godard etc, now replaced by unimaginative "realists" of the type represented in this movie. from the cardboard cutout characters to the inane "plot" this is a film that only teenage girls of 17 and a half could empathize with. this film doesn't tell you anything you haven't seen before in the "coming of age" category...oh, the confusion, the tears, the lousy sex, the intolerant parents etc etc. the only redeeming feature is the actresses who do a brave job with the atrocious screenplay
this film really is taking the mickey.in all honesty, this film is taking the mickey when it comes to the issue of egalitarianism in the armed forces.  this is an issue that is very close to me as i have asperger's syndrome (a condition on the autistic spectrum) and was rejected by the army on account of this.  however, i passed my potential officers course yesterday, which is the first examination you have to do in order to gain entry to the royal marines.  if an amputee were to try and become a royal marine commando, i would think he was taking the mickey.  this film serves to make a mockery of the issue of equal opportunities
i guess it's okay for a lindsay movie...?.i liked freaky friday, but after that, she pulled a courtney love and screwed over her whole life...ashley albright is a squeaky clean, popular, pretty-in-pink, almost too perfect character...the guy is, well...not very cute, and not very popular. he's actually quite grubby...to say it in the least, i barely got through the first half-hour. (and i was watching it around 5:30, so don't question my credibility.)..in one word, *boring*. i nearly fell asleep. after much struggle, i managed to watch the movie for a whole 45 minutes without throwing a fit over what a waste of money this was...i could have done so much more with 2 bucks in family video! ..i guess if you like boring plotlines, 5 'o clock shadow, and sugary sweet "nice" girls, then this movie is for you
please don't buy this thing!.this is certainly the worst movie that elvis had anything to do with, unless you count the final televised which can be just as disturbing and difficult to watch at this "atomic" bomb. i enjoyed seeing the sweet little anissa jones, john carradine, dabney coleman, and vincent price, but beyond that this movie is absolutely unbearable. please avoid even viewing it. bottom of the trash can, literally
boring, dull, pointless.here's a brief synopsis:..people with german accents, hiding in a bunker in the woods.  lots of talking.  occasionally, they peek out and these random hollywood explosions start happening.  a few slow motion shots of people dropping dead...i rented this movie expecting a good depiction of some world war ii battles.  i wanted to see strategy...i wanted to see different battle theatres...instead, i got hundreds of shots of a few guys in the same location with occasional explosions.  boring.  the only people i think that truly enjoy this movie either liked it when it first came out or like it just because sam peckinpah directed it.  truly forgettable
good movie, bad dvd.dvd transfer quality is sub-mediocre; looks like a copy imaged from vhs tape.  it's also full screen.  sound quality is poor...the movie ultimately has merits along the lines that other reviewers have indicated.  this is just such a piss-poor release of it.
steer clear.absolute junk, one of the worst films i have seen. you will be doing well just to stay awake for the duration
better left in print.this film was a very bizarre characterization of the irvine welsh collection of stories of the same name. while trainspotting was a spot-on adaptation of a similar kind of book (random stories and characters) and excellent on-screen, the acid house is better left for the printed page, although the unusual ewen bremner (trainspotting's unforgettable "spud") is a stand-out here.
spellbound.well, it just so happened that i only "stumbled" upon this film. ..it was on foxtel recently and i flicked over, and it was already about halfway thru, but once i watched only even a minute of it, i could not bring myself to turn it off or change channels. ..i have seen trainspotting and that is not really my kind of film, and this film certainly isn't my kind either, but i can appreciate other people would like it...i am quite converservative but like to think i have an open mind about most things, but maybe i don't.   one of the lines in this film (only being able to realise what it was saying, due to the subtitles) that i found absolutely appalling was "lick ya mother's pi** flaps, ya c**t".  i just couldn't not believe it.  i was in shock and disbelief...this film, as did trainspotting, certainly showed me how some people in the world really live, and their unfortunate circumstances, and as much as i disliked it, i could not seem to look away or change channels.  it saddens me to think that there are really situations like that and people living in an everyday hell.  makes me realise how lucky i am.
worst movie i have ever, ever seen.there is no way that anybody should see this movie. this is the most vulgar, unfunny piece of xxxx ever. the storytelling is hysterically bad, the acting is terrible. the only thing they do is try and shock you with vulgarity. i loved trainspotting, but absolutely hated this one
faulty version....i bought a copy of this film, but was disappointed to find that i couldn't watch past chapter 22-23; the image wouldn't play, no matter what i did.  so i bought another.  same problem.  there's a line across the top of the dvd, so there's likely something wrong with it.  i'm not sure if this is a problem with every disc, but i bought 2 faulty ones.  i hope yours isn't messed up too.  the movie is 5 stars, but i give it 1 star since i couldn't finish the film due to technical problems - there is no excuse for this
"sir, you have no call to get snippy with me, i'm just doing my job here.".joel coen and ethan coen's "fargo" is a dull and listless film.  a glance at the coens' filmography reveals that they have produced some amusing fare in their careers.  too bad this outing is a misfire.   ..a minnesota car salesman named jerry lundegaard (william h. macy) conspires with carl showalter (steve buscemi) and gaear grimsrud (peter stormare) to kidnap and ransom his wife.  jerry has hatched this plan to help ease his financial troubles and believes his father-in-law will be more than willing to come up and with the money to spring his daughter.  however, the plan quickly unravels and the conspirators' missteps attract the unwanted attention of the local police chief, marge gunderson (frances mcdormand). ..mcdormand and macy turn in wonderful performances as the two central characters.  yet, both of them find themselves stuck in a story that is of minimal interest to the viewer.  the absurd situations and skewed humor that characterize "fargo" are only good for a chuckle here and there.  in fact, the desolate snowy landscape is the only aspect of the film that leaves a lasting impression.  the scenery so overwhelms the story that you find yourself passing the time by contemplating the awesome power of nature instead of paying attention to the proceedings.  the bottom line is that the coens have done better work.  you time would be better spent watching "blood simple" (1984) or "miller's crossing" (1990) instead.
a christmas memory i'd rather forget..first off i do not dislike adam sandler, i rather enjoy some of his raunchy antics on film, not so much because i like raunchy antics, but because of the underlying message.  adam sandler really does have a good heart and his films always show this.  you can scoff at his bathroom jokes and spitting, farting etc, but he does that to satisfy his fans who paid money to see him, he is loyal to his fans and to his friends.  ever notice how he always gives jobs to rob schneider and dana carvey?  no one else does, that's a good friend, also his good old fashioned small town morals always win out of the rich, evil fat cats who try to squeeze him in his films.  he never sinks to there level either, perhaps that is why ecn was such a creepy, deeply disturbing film, i cannot, in recent memory recall a more unpleasant time at the movies,what was he thinking?  early on in the film his character, a drunken loser, belches very loudly in a chinese restaurant " ok i go take shower now" says chinese waiter.  i wanted to take a shower too, very soon after that scene.  for starters mr. sandler seems to  think he is a voice over man, he is not.  his idea of a character voice is to squeak his lines out in a nearly impossible to understand whiny nasal twang that is not unlike running a nail down a chalkboard.  one can barely understand he is trying to do a character, and he barely is.  also he is the voice of at least four of his characters, he is equally bad in each.  perhaps the most confusing and depressing is the old white heard man who lives with his sister in a little old house, he wants desperately to win a patch saying he is the town good guy or something, he coaches the kids basketball team, he has been for years, and apparently does not work except to do crappy jobs for no pay so people can ignore and not appreciate him, he is simply there to be lovable, and put upon, he is slightly less subtle then a pie in the face (as is the so-called humor here).  the script calls for sandlers character to be a total jerk for no other reason other then to be redeemed at the end, there is no real motivation for his bazaar, cruel and badly aimed antics other then the screenplay calls for them.  he starts off the film by driving a snowmobile drunk and smashing two ice sculptures, a menorah and a christmas thing, i forget what it was.  he is a repeat offender so his sentence will be a harsh one, but along comes old squeaky voice to offer the judge a chance to give him a reduced sentence, he lets him coach basketball with him in lue of time in the clink, i can just see the road runner and bugs bunny rolling there eyes and shaking there heads, surly, even in a cartoon there is some sort of rule book.  not here.  of course the judge remands him to the custody of squeaky and off they go.  the film then goes on to showcase some of the most outrageous, mindnumbing scenes of animated mayhem this side of a japanese manga involving tentacles and girls in school uniforms.  he goes to the basketball game and insults the children, ridiculing one boy for being fat, the coach is knocked unconscious and puts his hand in his pants "nice kitty kitty" he squeaks, what the???? then an angry father gets on sandlers bad side (his only side) and is force fed a jock strap "i hope you like them extra sweaty" ho ho ho.  for the next part of the film which seems like eight days, crazy or otherwise, his house is burned, he pushes his benefactor down a hill, in a porta potty which freezes feces on him, he is rescued by deer who lick the poop off him, on smiles with a load of ca ca in his teeth.  we are treated to this twice.  god bless us, every one.  by the time the paint by number ending finally gets there we are also subjected to a number of songs, each worse then the last, fortunately they are forgettable as well as bad  "if i move my bowls without using the spray....that's a technical foul" is one of few lines i remember, thank you god.  by reading this one might assume, as i did, that  this is irreverent in the good way, poking fun at old christmas standards, but it is not.  it is disgusting, badly written, annoying and very, very cruel.  the two dimensional nice old brother and sister are treated horribly, for no good reason with no motivation or payoff, the songs are unlistnable and the dialogue is hard to understand, this is not always a bad thing.  of course we discover why the hero is such a jerk, a childhood trauma involving a car crash on hanukkah, he hooks up with is old sweetheart and lives happily ever after.  the same cannot be said for the audience.  why would anyone think this was funny or appropriate, who is the audience?  there are many vulgar sexual references that are not claver or cutting edge they are sad and out of place, the over all feel of the film is one of depressed sinicism and a morbid sense of doom and hopelessness.  adam sandler has been loyal to his friends, his friends should have been loyal to him and told him what a bad idea this was, even if it hurt his feelings.  this christmas turkey won't even work as leftovers.  bah humbug
rush job.i bought this box without hesitation after being very impressed with volumes 1 (5 stars)  2 (4 stars). for starters the films aren't any where near as interesting as those in the previous 2 volumes. i found myself falling asleep about 20 minutes into each of these. secondly, these are bare bones presentations. warner really skimped for this box set.  it looks like they just rushed out a collection to have a new one out, rather than put together a nice package.  the prints aren't terrible, but they're not restored either as were the films for the previous two volumes.  prints have scratches and artifacts, but are passable.  the sound on the other hand is insufferable. i had to turn up the volume on my stereo to about 75% of maximum volume just to hear the dialogue.  to add insult to injury, there aren't any extras. no trailers, news reels, cartoons or shorts as warner has done on other issues. instead we get one extra disc of a tcm-like documentary on film noir, which outlines the main features in noir and presents many clips (almost all of which are from volumes 1 2), along with some interviews from contemporary directors. the documentary might be ok for the novice, but it's not particularly interesting to the more noir-savvy.  interviewees are mostly contemporary directors/personalities and not academics or film scholars, though there are a few interviews with original cast  production team members. sure henry rollins might be a cool guy, but why is he in a documentary on film noir? so it looks like warner really dropped the ball on this one
b-movie blahs.border incident is a sort of faux-documentary dealing with illegal immigration -- only marginally film-noir, imvho -- only of interest to sociologically inclined b-movie buffs, if you see what i mean . . . ..his kind of woman was a little too campy to be true film-noir, imvho, sort of entertaining in a disappointing way, if you see what i mean . . . ..lady in the lake is also a partial disappointment with a quirky, derivative pov (from the viewer's pov ("you and robert montgomery solve a murder mystery together") that taken with the milquetoast rendition of marlowe by robert montgomery takes all the pizzazz out of a classic raymond chandler. i don't usually pine for re-makes, but theis one cries out for it. . . ..on dangerous ground is the 2nd best of the lot, with robert ryan's psycho performance. i tho't ida lupino would give me more of a charge, too, but the understated pathos kinda is a let down. . . ..the racket is the best of the lot, with psycho robert ryan as a rogue gangster flying in the face of the new mob while being stalked by the relentlessly honest copy played by robert mitchum . . . it's no godfather but it's better than the kevin costner version of the untouchables, imvho...i love well-done film noir, and i crave the old b-movies that don't get made anymore, movies that can successfully achieve limited ambitions without sacrificing entertainment quality. two of these qualify, the rest are just fodder
what happened to very first review, even though it was negative?.when this box set first was released, there was a reviewer that stated that he had only seen one of these films so far, his kind of woman, and he said that the sound was very low and hard to hear, and that there was a vertical line that ran on screen during the vincent price shoot out with the gangster for about five minutes of the picture. he was very unimpressed, and he would add further reviews of the other titles once he watched them. i wonder what happened to this first review, and where are his follow up reviews of the other titles???
a waste of time and money!!.i bought this movie, thinking that it was going to be one of those independent and never heard of slasher flicks like, high tension or wolf creek....boy was i let down.  the story line wasn't bad, however the acting and the cinematography was horrible.  the was really no gore to this flick or suspense at all.  the only good thing aboout this movie was a couple of "breast shots", but i can get that off of skinamax late night.  the director was asleep at the wheel through this whole flick...do not waste your time with this movie!!!!..this movie so bad...even troma wouldn't of made something like this
a great deal of unrealized potential..death tunnel (philip adrian booth, 2005)..i finished watching this movie and thought to myself, "man, this was a movie with so very much potential, and every last bit of it was strangled, frame by frame, with the kind of glee that only the truly incompetent can manage."..yes, i thought that. in exactly those words. so don't get on me about it, okay?..plotwise, the beginning of the movie is rather confusing, but then maybe some colleges do things differently than mine did. richie (undressed's jason lasater), the charismatic leader of some sort of campus social club, emcees a party at which five girls are chosen to spend five hours during the night at a local, supposedly haunted, abandoned hospital-- devon (melanie lewis, who has the disticntion of having appeared in both gigli and from justin to kelly!), elizabeth (yolanda pecroraro in her first big-screen role), ashley (cemetery gates' kristin novak), tori (tv character actor annie burgstede), and heather (disconnect's steffany huckaby). there's a lot of foreshadowing kind of stuff that makes very little sense, given how little we actually learn about these women (and everyone else) before we get to the hospital, but i was willing to overlook that because the stuff intercut with all the foreshadowing and attempts at character building was quite intriguing-- newspaper clips flying around the screen about the depravity at the hospital, voiceovers, hints at assorted nastiness, that sort of thing. it rather seemed the filmmakers were going to do something more interesting with the backstory than they were with what was happening in the present, which would certainly have been an interesting approach. this, of course, went out the window pretty quick once we got everyone to the hospital itself. there the movie becomes your basic supernatural-slasher flick, with more time spent on devising interesting ways to do people in than with such trivialities as plot, characterization, pacing, and the like. and, of course, we get the typical, predictable ending with one surviving character, one redeemed villain, and the oh-so-surprising revelation that you saw coming five minutes into the film...we have recently been blessed with a number of fantastic microbudget indie horror films (deadbirds immediately comes to mind); death tunnel, despite all the possibilities inherent in it, is not one of them. avoid it unless you find yourself with nothing better to do on a saturday night. *
screaming bimbos.take five sweet looking chicks, throw them into a haunted sanatorium and add as much derivative camerawork and plotlines as you can and you get death tunnel.  based on true events that occurred in a sanatorium in kentucky, this movie tries to jolt us with the horrible things that happened to tuberculosis patients and their subsequent haunting of the infamous institution.  it might have worked with a little more finesse and imagination, and hiring good actors.  what happens makes little sense and the girls involved will not be known for their thespian skills..it's all been done a hundred times before and much better
yes, i confess...i rented this because of the cover.let's start with the positives:  the setting for this film was pretty creepy and yes, the cover grabbed my attention.  the cutie wearing a bra and gas mask was certainly what caught my interest.  then there is the movie.  well, the acting was pretty bad for sure and the bad girl was just sooo bad, she was horrible, and i don't mean in a good way.  she was just a terrible choice for that part.  i knew early on that this film was in trouble when the invitation to the sorority initiation instructed the kentucky cutie coeds to wear their sheerest baby doll negligees.  always a bad sign.  5 coeds, 5 floors and 5 hours.  seemed like a theme.  seemed like it anyway.  but the point of the 5 hours, at least the way i understood it, was to survive long enough to encounter the ultimate evil:  the death tunnel.  oh the horror of the dreaded death tunnel.  then the death tunnel was just a hallway that led to ---oh my gosh---outside and sunlight.  huh?  so after going through all this nonsense, the hero and heroine make it out to safety where they have this inane conversation about who can figure out what then they go back into the hospital through the death tunnel.  and at that point, i wondered what they were going to do to end the movie.  and then the credits rolled.  the point is, don't buy this.  don't rent it.  if you see it at the video store, pick it up, look at the cover, let your imagination go then put it back.
really bad..a shame that this wasn't a better movie. i wanted to like this movie... the backstory and setting on the sanatorium are legendary. i was very excited when i found out a movie was finally being done on the place... this is pure crap though...mind you i have a high tolerance for low budget, bad acting, straight to video horror movies... but this one was just too much. the location (which was the actualy sanatorium in kentucky) was the only creepy part. the acting was horrid. they tried to go for sex appeal when this clearly wasnt the type of scary movie that should have had that...this movie would have worked much better as a "blair witch" type movie. should have been shot documentary style. also, the editing for this is terrible. they must have threw darts at a slew of scenes or something... maybe if the movie ran in order, and not so terribly mixed up, i'd give it 2 stars...the featurette was the best part.. giving story on the satantorium and the "white plague" that haunted it...avoid this movie
overrated.american schlock...i can think of at least 100 better foreign movies.  as for the cinematography, john ford created it in the 30's in the movie, the informer.
not the normal bob the builder dvd.my two year old son is a big bob the builder fan.  this dvd is very different than the others - more of "movie" and because it's a western all of the accents are changed so it's confusing to follow.  this dvd is more appropriate for the 4 year old age range whereas the others we have cover all age ranges.
get modulations its a lot better.....this is not very good. it's more about teenage yanks toootally raggin out and being rad dude. this is not about the music or the scene and adds nothing at all to electronic music. christ how did the yanks go so wrong... i mean what happened to mr.fingers/juan atkins/derek may all we get from the states now is a bunch of loved up middleclass idiots who really want to be in rock bands... ssshhesh...modulations is a much better film describing the progress of electronic music from stockhausen, to its use in jazz with herbie hancock and teo macereo, then disco and onto to detroit techno and acid house and over to england for the 2nd summer of love in 1989, then rave, d n'b and electronica... don't waste you time on this crap get modulations instead..
bad sale.i would probably agree this is a good movie, but unfortunately i never got the opportunity to view it on account that i waited 4 days and then was told after i purchased the video, it was sold in this person's store. bad business ethics if you ask me. so no, i'm not pleased with any of the services
slim helping of pie.the lame romantic comedy "what boys like" is like a warmed-over helping of "american pie."  in the film, three numbskull buddies indulge in boring sexual hijacks at their friend's wedding.  the tale is narrated by dewey, the typical frat boy misogamist who regales us with his oh-so-clever "rules of man," the purpose of which is to instruct the male of the species on the fine art of nailing as many babes as possible without getting hooked in the process.  dewey makes a bet with his friend, jay - who, for some strange reason, seems obsessed with having long term relationships - that the latter will not be able to score a one night stand during the weekend, while jay makes a counter bet that dewey will not be able to forego sex for the same 48-hour period.  however, things get really complicated when it turns out that jay is actually in love with the bride-to-be, his old high school sweetheart whom he's never entirely gotten over.  ..needless to say, the script employs a series of predictable plot complications, misunderstandings and sexual perversities to generate its humor - which would be fine if any of it were clever or funny.  as dewey, alex nesis provides a certain manic energy that almost makes the concept work.  nevertheless, even he emerges as a pale imitation of the wonderful stifler from the "american pie" films.  and this leads us to the basic question as to why one would order this low-cal substitute when the real thing is so much tastier...here`s an interesting side item about the film:  according to boxofficemojo.com, since the film's release on 2/27/2004, "what men like" has amassed a whopping $955 in b.o. revenues, which, at an average ticket price of $6, means that the film was seen by roughly 160 people across the united states and canada during its limited theatrical release.  after one factors out relatives and friends of those involved in the production, who does that leave
an industry public relations effort passed off as "history".this documentary is very informative as it pertains to the development of the big oil corporations, standard, gulf and texaco in the u.s. it is rather odd that it passes through the 1930s with no mention of middle east fields, that is until the 1970s (!) with the "oil weapon" of opec (which actually formed in the early 1960s) and gas embargo. one will find no mention of the role that oil corporations played in transforming merchant and navy ships to oil during wwi, hence acquiring a "key" to the u.s. treasury through "national security" rhetoric. one will find no mention of how the u.s. corporations muscled out british imperial influence in saudi arabia before wwii. nor how western oil corporations both finagled in the sovereignty of foreign nations through supporting autocratic regimes and military coups using cynical anti-communist (and later human rights and "terrorist") justifications (iran, iraq, latin america, indonesia, sudan, etc.). nor is there any mention of the importance of controlling middle east oil to rebuild europe and japan after wwii (nor the important, perhaps even central, role of oil in igniting that war!). finally, not a peep about the escalation of petrochemical production and its environmental effect, not to mention emissions and global warming. this documentary is vastly compromised by the industry perspective, yet informative, if supplemented by other readings and documentaries (such as the corporation, or hidden wars of desert storm).
clint runs afowl of the cold war again.maybe it's because he is such a stright shooter(pun ment) or something but clint doesn't do cold war thrillers very well(remember firefox). while well directed and acted this spy thriller is dead most of the way through and while the climbing scenes are good they don't cover up the fact that it was a good book that doesn't watch as good as it read.some may like it but i found it to be a let down
hemlock.now did he throw six snowballs or was it only five? to tell you the truth, i kinda lost track myself in all this boredom...hemlock? leave it out. whose called hemlock? do i look like a hemlock? yeah, more like jack crabsbelow. how many people have surnames that fit their chosen profession? george w blunder. pamela airhead? actually, i do recall a dog-catcher named jackie russel. bang goes another smartypants review
another martial arts stunt man who acts..tony jaa is definitely one of the next martial arts film star now that jackie chan's career is slowing down and jet li supposedly made his last action film in "fearless". tony jaa's muay thai style of martial arts is less visually fluid or stylized than traditional shaolin kung fu or wu-shu. muay thai's appeal is in its brutally powerful movements. there is nothing subtle about a vertical elbow strike to the top of an opponent's skull. "ong-bak" successfully showcases jaa's athleticism and martial arts prowess. however he is not an actor who does his own stunts, but rather a stunt man who happen to act. the film-writing, storyline, and acting by the supporting cast are horrendous. there is no convincing or endearing character-development to speak of. mere caricatures fill the scenes along with a script that could have come straight out of an episode of "the power rangers". i still watch this movie on dvd from time to time. all i have to do is skip from one action scene to the next
bastardized!!.mission:impossible, the tv series, told the adventures of the impossible missions force -- an elite team of covert operatives who were sent to overthrow mob kingpins, foreign dictators, terrorists and others who threatened the security of the united states. rather than engage in james bond-like shoot outs, the imf team worked together to covertly neutralize threats, leaving little or no trace of their involvement. although the imf had a leader (steven hill as dan briggs and peter graves as jim phelps), there was no star of the group -- just a bunch of individuals working together to achieve its objective. a truly groundbreaking show...along comes brain de palma's catastrophe of a remake, starring that couch-jumping scientologist tom cruise. within half an hour of the film starting, the entire imf team, save for cruise, is killed off, jim phelps (jon voight) is exposed as a double agent and basically the entire concept of the original mission:impossible is shot to hell. granted, ving rhames and jean reno are present as cruise's new team, but mission:impossible is quickly bastardized as yet another tom cruise vehicle where he preens and postures. making a film called mission:impossible into a star vehicle goes against the spirit of the original tv series. it's obscene what tom cruise's ego has done to bruce geller's original concept. this is just another action film with mr. cruise flashing his toothy smile and saving the world all by himself. see the original tv series and skip this piece of bastardized trash
b-movies.i haven't finished all 50 of these sci-fi movies, but most are ones i've never seen before. so far, they're just ok
kiefer gives s solid performance, but.....depsite his good performance, this is not enough to save the sloppy direction, weak production and the decpetion of the public through a cover art that is completely misleading
patronizing preachy crap from pretty people.you are supposed to feel bad for this kid after 50 girls fall in love with him. anyway, the kid's just plain annoying and takes himself, and thus the movie takes itself; way to seroiusly? this film had great potential, but it quickly crashed into a regular teen movie, all the more of a crash since the movie tried to be all high-folootin and moral. .the main character was a self-pitying pretty, vapid airhead who spent the film snooping around a girls dorm and looking for that girl who he had meaningful, seroious, hear-warming, kinky sex in an elavator. in the meantime he tries to convince all the girls (who just all happen to be pretty), that he's really a very smart, sensitive, person (who happens to be pretty). .alert to all nerds!!! the main character of this movie is not one of you, and he doesn't stand for anything you stand for!! .this movie doesn't have a moral, but it's statement is 'be that kid, and you will have a lot of sex!) it's the same asinine conclusion as the conclusion of every other piece of teen-movie pulp that ever was turned out from hollywood, (and this movie reeeks of hollywood in its unrealistic plot 'twists',). the film just wants you to feel insecure about yourself, and desire to fill a slightly different caricature than other movies. all of the characters are two-dimensional. jeez, i can't tell you in words how much this movie pisses me off!.blaaaaaaaaa!!!!!
pretty girls - crappy movie.i hope this movie seemed better on paper than the resulting film. i've seen better things in my toilet...all the girls are pretty and some are briefly topless (though none of the "big" female names, however). that is the sole positive. well, it had one funny joke as well...negatives are:.implausible dialog with lengthy and awkward speech/narrations, which normally would cause the females to laugh in derision, yet in this movie, they "ohh/ahh" at his sensitivity....implausible plot of which i can't bring myself to enumerate the unbelievability. ok, here's some - he has a telescope that conveniently can see into every girls dorm window - he sneaks into one girl's room and hides in her bathtub while she is at the sink in the bathroom and oblivious to his presence as he reaches across the room to lower the toilet seat. ..the male lead would have been ostricized if not put in jail for burglary, stalking, and probably a few other things...bad jokes (not good jokes about bad things, but just unfunny jokes - except one)...irritating main male lead...just plain bad. should be entitled "100 groans".
great movie, lousy dvd.while this is a great movie, this dvd reproduction does it severe injustice. the sound track is out of sync and the production quality of the dvd is marginal
terrible dvd quality.demetrius and the gladiators is an enjoyable film (see other reviewers for details) but the film quality on the dvd sucks! no effort was made to restore the film and it shows in it's very fuzzy quality. what a shame, and a ripoff to the consumer. no extras either
sexually explicit but bland.pushing the envelope for explicit, over the counter home videos, 9 songs (tartan) is about one year of sex and rock'n roll in the life of two lovers.  ..matt is a young glaciologist.  he meets lisa at a london rock concert.  that night they start an affair.  in between attending more concerts, they make passionate love.  it's for real and explicit.  nine live-concert song footage is intercut with their coke-snorting, sexual encounters creating a sometimes ironic reflection of their intense physical but otherwise rather bland relationship.  and finally, all this takes place in the memory of matt as he flies across the vast frozen wastelands of the south pole.  ..this unscripted film is part musical, part drama, part documentary and part performance.  it raises questions about the difference between pornography and art. controversial and much buzzed about, this not fully satisfying experiment is of interest mainly as a novelty item by a usually innovative and creative director for what it could have been.  and of course the sex.  a special feature eliminates everything but the concert performances.
boring.well if this movie had a story then i must have missed it because there is none no matter how you look at it. they don't even fully play the 9 songs and the sex scenes are pornographic that's true but it would have made sense if they were within some kind of context and no there is nothing shocking (as one of the reviewer declared) about 2 people having sex...i don't recommend it
inferior effort from baumbach.this film is a shark, kicking and screaming as it is killed by a squid.  ..yes, i really tried to enjoy this film.  it's directed by noah baumbach, whose 'squid and the whale' was one of my top films of 2005, and, the film has some impressive actors in its cast, including elliot gould, eric stoltz, and parker posey.  sadly, these eye-catching assets do not even come close to achieving the 'classic status' that so many have given this film.  ..baumbach's film is ultimately an immature and unfocused affair, and it showing us a filmmaker noticably uncomfortable with the tone and direction of his work.  though the film features some clever symbolism (such as max's crossword puzzles) and some memorable images (gould's only scene in the film with his son), there are grating issues with the characters and plot development, including a very unsatisfying conclusion (stolen straight out of woody allen's '79 masterpiece 'manhattan,' mind you). ..'kicking and screaming' demonstrates some of baumbach's talents, but it serves as more of an indicator of the brilliance that was to come with 'the squid and the whale' than anything else.  small spurts of intrigue, but nothing more to find in this sophmoric effort
another college film.this review is for the criterion collection dvd edition of the film..."kicking and screaming" is about some recently graduated college students who contemplate what to do next. one is interested in moving to prague, but her boyfriend does not want to join her. others want to do other things but they don't want to continue their education like one student who is in his 10th year of study...i am not a big fan of college films and did not like this one much either...the special features are a theatrical trailer, deleted scenes, interviews from an ifc feature, new interviews with the cast and crew and the short film "conrad and butler take a vacation"...this is a film that not all will like but many will like it
hard to swallow.i honestly went into this movie with an open mind. i usually enjoy films that aren't exactly mainstream, so i was prepared for something a bit different. what i came away with, was a feeling that i had just wasted over 90mins of my life. "hard candy" is disturbing. and not in the 'makes you think' kind of way. the main purpose of this film it seems, is to try and preach vigilante justice. making the idea of it, almost romantic and appealing. the only reason i sat through the entire film, was in the hopes that a logical explaination of the motivation behind why this person does what they do during the course of this film , would appear. what i got out of it instead...was a generalization; an attitude of "people like that need to be punished, and i'm the one to do it." it was annoying that the film makers did such a good job of making this about a "villian" and a "good guy"...when in fact, both the main characters were dark, frightening and twisted, and shouldn't have been glorified.
good idea but nothing new.i love callanetics (basic?).  i bought the vhs original in 1986 and have used it off and on for almost 20 (!) years.  i recently bought the am/pm callanetics and the stomach callanetics dvds but was disappointed to see that essentially there was nothing new in either of the dvds.  i can recommend original callanetics but don't waste your money on these retreads.
why no chaptering?.i am so disappointed in this dvd.  am/pm is my favorite callanetics tape, precisely because it is divided into two distinct workouts.  i wanted the dvd so i could skip immediately to the pm workout, rather than ff through my vhs copy.  i somehow just assumed the dvd version would chapter the two workouts separately.  instead, just like the original callanetics dvd, there is no chaptering whatsoever!  given the price being charged for this dvd, there is just no excuse for such a shoddy production.  save your money and get the vhs version
tic toc...  tic toc....if you're only used to more modern westerns, this one will kill you.  it's is almost shot in real time (meaning that they show the clock constantly, and it's as slow as the movie).  sadly predictable by today's standards...the notion is unique and brilliant, but the movie isn't entertaining.  it's borderline annoying...i'm way off base compared to most reviews here, which is why i started out stating "if you're only used to modern westerns..."
please, dont waste your money!!!.i am a very disappointed baseball fan..i waited a few months for this video to be released. when it arrived to my office, i went home immediately to watch it... i ended up seeing the video on fast play, just to tell i saw it all... it only made me smile (not laugh) once..it's a pity i cant place no-stars for this....do something better with your money and buy a pizza... believe me
a self-important, self-indulgent, self-pompus lousy movie.this is a movie directed and played by a guy with unsalvageable narcissus complex. always dreamed himself as a modern day casanova in n.y., just like that george kastansa character in 'seifield', a big lover, a womanizer, a baldy forever young romeo. almost all of the screenplays he wrote, the movies he directed, the characters he played were all like this. i just don't know how women would fall for him in the least sense and possibility, only if in his wet dreams. this is a very nauseating movie. all of his movies are almost the same, only the movie titles changed. the only one i liked is his recent 'match point', nothing else. and i felt lucky this guy was too old to play that role now, otherwise, he wouldn't allow anyone else to play that ambitious murderer but him.
garbage.this movie was really a waste of money. the writing the directin are all very bad. it is also very low budget which i thought would increase the realness but i was wrong safe your money and keep searchin
briefless ! [encounters].just imagine what the trevor howard / celia johnson would  [could?] have been like if they had this freedom???..also imagine the make-up artist ['hair' dresser?];  and the, err ....  focus puller on this one's set ........no, no, no!  although rather brave - who the heck cares?  it's all very natural and somewhat vaguely contemporary, but really - why bother?   as our beloved peter finch [i think] said in "sunday, bloody sunday" - here come those boring old  t..s again!"..as for safe sex?   [the lady during a half-pant or two - breathlessly demands 'protection' from the, err..'intruder' .... unrealistic, regarding the intensity of their meeting{s}, and their obsession with each other's body parts]...simone signoret and laurence harvey were by far more interesting in their plastic raincoats on a windswept beach [ditto kerr and lancaster]...brando/schneider also bogard/rampling were far more tortured in their versions along the same theme...then ... we will always have "intermezzo"/"in the realm of the senses".
below average --.the story is ok, but the acting is a bit off and the movie drags to much... but if your looking for some raunchy sex  there is a non-simulated oral sex scene in it
swept from the sea.i hated, hated, hated, hated this movie. it didn't make sense to me. to depresssing
a pale, pale, lame, shade of the cartoon.it's hard to express how badly the live action tick series sucked in comparison to the cartoon...the live action version tried to make things more adult.  innuendo between bat manuel and the american-maid counterpart.  the name changes were just part of the lameness...the writing wasn't as good and the jokes weren't as funny.  warburton was the perfect casting for the tick, but beyond that the live action series was a complete disaster
the tick - poorly done..really poor quality. obviously copied from a tv set. this may be the only way to purchase the series, but be aware that it's a low grade recording. for tick fans this will be acceptable
cheesy !.the tick was excellent as a cartoon. in fact the animated series might have been one of the greatest modern day cartoons. this live action series simply feels like a wannabe, it's not even close to as good as the cartoon. it feels right as a cartoon, but as a live action series, it just feels cheesy or something like a hipper version of the power rangers
bad, really bad.yikes! this had an awful pilot and it went downhill from there. the jokes are dragged out forever; the physical jokes fall flat, the acting is so bad that it makes you cringe. a dud
garbage dvd - junk quality.$29.95 for this load of junk is way too much. only extra is a bad trailer. lousy quality. i won't buy any blue underground garbage again
blue underground loosing their way ?.blue underground should release better films than this. what about truck stop women, blood and lace, eyes of a stranger, terminal choice, the farmer, free hand for a tough cop, the cynic, the rat  the fist, live like a cop, die like a man. to name but a few..if bu keep releasing poor and below average italian crime / giallos and wip movies like this one, they may go out of business. who is going to pay to own this movie ? or bare behind bars, not me that's for sure
"i had so many years of being so very proper. i had good-girl claustrophobia.".the alternate title for the film bolero (1984) is bolero: an adventure in ecstasy...after watching the film last night a better one might have been bolero:  an adventure in stupidity...written and directed by the late john derek (tarzan, the ape man), the film starred his most current wife at the time bo derek (10, tarzan, the ape man).  also appearing is george `anything for a buck' kennedy (the dirty dozen, cool hand luke), andrea occhipinti (conquest), ana obregn (monster island), and olivia d'abo (conan the destroyer, "the wonder years"), in one of her first roles...bo derek plays ayre `mac' macgillivery, a woman who (get this) is preparing to graduate from an english college and once she does, she'll trade in her diploma for a vast inheritance.  once that happens she plans to travel the world and learn the ways of love because, as you see, she's still a virgin.  okay, wait a minute...bo's pushing thirty and she's just graduating from college?  i can buy off on that, but i'm having a much harder time with the notion she's untouched, i mean seriously...anyway, after seeing one too many valentino films (the film is supposed to be a period piece, set in the early 20th century i guess), mac hits the road with her trusty chauffeur cotton (kennedy) and college friend catalina aka `cat' (obregn), the trio heading towards the middle east as mac thinks it would be the ginchiest to get bagged by a real, honest to goodness sheik.  after a failed attempt (the sheik got stoned on magic smoke and passed out, but not before covering a nekkid derek in warm honey), mac, with entourage in tow, makes her way to spain with the intent on hooking up with a handsome matador, and she finds one named angel (occhipinti), who, when not faux fighting bulls or shagging fourteen year old gypsy girls produces wine, and lots of it.  with the help of angel's tagalong gypsy girl named paloma, played by ms. d'abo sporting a ridiculous spanish accent, mac worms her way into angel's bed after agreeing to use her vast fortunes to buy his wine, the deal sealed with a good shagging (i find spanish business negotiations quite agreeable).  following this there's some more idiocy, capped off by angel getting his doodle gored by a bull, and now unable to perform, much to mac's dismay (no more zoom zoom in the boom boom).  so anyway, while cat's getting friendly with mac's kilted scottish lawyer and cotton gets his groove on with angel's sassy cook, mac tries to draw angel from his depressed funk in the hopes she'll be able to cure his condition by prancing around his room nekkid.  when not sadistically teasing a man who can't perform, mac begins taking up bullfighting for some odd reason or another.  ..okay, i first saw this film back in the mid 1980s on cable i was in the hormonally charged state of a teenager coming into his own, so my main focus was obviously on derek's nekkidness, of which there's quite a bit.  after watching this film again some twenty years later, i find i still enjoy the nekkidness, but i have to say the rest is probably one of the more ridiculous efforts i've seen in a long time.  i think the intent was to create a rich, erotic drama, but the film fails miserably mainly for the fact bo derek cannot act, at least not enough to carry a film.  she's certainly attractive, but her ditz factor is incredibly high, not helped any by her husband's completely rotten and moronic scripting (the film comes off like a poorly written harlequin romance novel).  speaking of her husband, how creepy is that, knowing he wrote and directed the film, especially given the sequences where his wife is getting it on with other guys (he filmed her in some equally steamy sequences in the 1981 moron-a-thon tarzan, the ape man)?  the man was pushing sixty at the time (while bo wasn't quite yet thirty), so the maybe wedding tackle didn't function the way it used to which resulted in his willingness to let his wife dally about on screen with other men (a couple of the intimate sequences looked pretty realistic)...i don't know, but whatever...a good part of the story has bo's character talking about her virginity like it was some sort of gift she was willing to impart, which, after awhile, got really old (at least she didn't refer to it as her `flower, but she did refer to it as `her fruit' at one point), which ends, mercifully, after she gets her shag on with angel.  as far as the rest of the cast they didn't fare much better.  george kennedy seemed kind of lost, hanging about to pick up a check and see some nekkid broads i suppose, and olivia d'abo appeared simple-minded as the young gypsy girl stuck on angel (eventually she gives way to mac as she realized she couldn't compete).  one of the biggest mysteries for me, besides the actual point of the film, is why it ran an hour and forty-five minutes.  once you get by the juicy stuff (the attractive people being a nekkid), the rest just drags under the unbearable weight of its' own harebrained idiocy.  perhaps the funniest scene in the film comes near the end, as mac and angel are getting it on (seems mac's desirability is such that it can cure a broken doodle) and they're transported to, get this, a smoke-filled plane of reality.  right in the middle of their routine a large, purple neon sign appears behind them spelling out the word extasy, as if to really bring it home (yeah, i know it's spelled wrong but that's how it was in the film, intentionally so).  all in all if you're looking to see ms. derek in the raw, then this film is right up you alley as she's got about five or six scenes, but if you're looking for anything remotely resembling an actual movie (plot, interesting and engaging characters, etc.), best to keep on looking.  ..the picture on this dvd, presented in widescreen (1.85:1), enhanced for 16x9 tvs, does looks clean and clear, and the dolby digital stereo surround audio comes through well.  as far as extras there isn't much except for a theatrical trailer and subtitles in english, french, and spanish...cookieman108..by the way, did i mention how creepy (and skeevy) i found it for a man to write and direct a film featuring his really hot wife enjoying the pleasures of other men?  maybe he took some weird sense of pride in showing the world how, even at his age, he could still get with really attractive women...
great horses!!!!.movie is horrible but horses are fabulous!  this is some of the best footage of the fabled andalusian horses i've ever seen - if there's more out there somebody please let me know!  bought the movie just to see the horses
read the book.those who have read the book will be very disappointed in this movie adaptation. the movie ends long before the book and the movie totally dismisses the infamous breakout of the bunker personnel after the hitler/braun/goebbels suicides. this was the really new material that could have made this movie much better than the alec guiness version (hitler: the last ten days). an excellent movie could be done on the breakout and the lives of those involved immediately after the russian pillage of the bunker
almost hated it.i guess what they say about sequels is true. beef went downhill since the first one. this vol. as far as i'm concerned has nothin' to offer. i watched it 3x and tried to like it. high and drunk 1 out of 3 and still wanted to frisbee this s***. the 50 and smurf beef was a waste of space. i hate the way it is so damn one sided. if they couldn't get 50 side of the story for this beef or the one with game, then it should'nt have been included. you only got one side of the story. and just to prove how stupid them n****s is. how you gon pay to see 50 show start a fight and then get your a** arrested. that's why them n****s will stay in the ghetto and never make it cause they so damn stupid. chingy vs. nelly. a wack rapper dissin another wack rapper. why was this even added? ti and luda. damn son, i don't know but if that was me i would have put out a big a** diss anyway. lil scrappy and the muthaf***in' cops?! what the hell does that got to do with beef in the industry? what does that got to do with this dvd? nothin', just a waste of time. ti and lil flip was a good story. that had somethin' to do with hip hop. flip said some s***, ti got on stage and did his damn thing. the yukmouth and game was the best one. them n****s got at each other and stayed on record. game and 50 could have gotten way the f*** outta hand but it didn't. but once again the best they could do with 50 side of the story was a recording and a live tape. so what was the point of that? i heard 50 side of the story more from the ny daily news, and that's not a rap magazine, journal, or a free dvd comes with a free t-shirt type s***. this whole dvd is damn near pointless to include the features. and once again qd3 has yet to provide the story of beef between establish artist who have been around for more than 3-5 years. such as mc eiht vs. dj quik, kim and foxy, nas and cormega. yo i just hope this is the last one. a complete disappointment
there's no tool like an old tool.i gave this dvd 2 stars and i was being generous because i'm a long-time karen voight fan. i've been a personal trainer for several years and am always looking for material to stay on the cutting edge. this dvd certainly wasn't current or very informative since it was produced so long ago. i read the other reviews prior to purchasing this one and should have been warned, but i remember karen voight's work to be of a higher caliber than most so i gave it a try. don't make the same mistake i have! this dvd should be put away with your pink leg warmers and matching scrunchies
started good....i liked the premise and thought the movie started good.  it really captured the feel and vibe of a man starting over with his dog...and bottle.  like a reviewer said, the pace slowed so much i became conscious of it...and that's bad news for a film, especially one on tv.  with commercials interrupting the pace, it worsened.  ..then there was plot holes too big to accept.  this could have been a good movie, but the script was weak and the writing too tv movie-like.  this proves a significant point...no matter how technology advances, it all start with writing.  then you have to have the director to deliver the script.  ..selleck did his part.  ..i was slightly embarrassed for him towards the end.  he deserves a new launch of success and finding that next magnum character is his call.  his appeal just didn't cross over to film...too bad.  he made some decent flicks, but selleck was made for tv.  he needs his texas walker ranger...and there should be a great team working on this before he misses his last years of his prime
a poor though respectable imitation of art..in the spirit of genet's un chant d'amor, this movie was quite a spectacle, really.  i found it enjoyable to see such a fantastical tale of prison romance (and the explicit sex scenes between men were not bad either).  at the same time, i tend to agree with the other reviewers when they say that there was not enough in either category, drama or porn, to latch on to...i was saddened to see that these actors seemed to think they were in a porn first as opposed to a movie that had great potential to have well developed plot, characters, and settings.  some people might have even related to the idea that love can occur in the least likely of places.  but the acting level was elementary school play at best, and it kind of subtracted from the story (and i found it was easier to just focus on the scantily clad bodies messing around on screen rather than try and glean something from the scene itself)...i saw, very briefly, that the director, whether he wanted to or not, set up a wonderful dichotomy between the stereotypical prison homosexual and the actual homosexual.  the "love" that existed between the tougher inmates and their "punk" was used to demonstrate the rough nature of the prison itself (although i will admit, it was quite a strange prison with rather lax rules and regulations... especially for germany) and was based more on a sodomitical need to dominate (as are most prison "romances"), whereas the connection between the main characters was more along the lines of an actually love story...(sigh) i wish this movie had been filmed, acted, and graphed out better.  that someone tried at all is appreciated, but in all actuallity, it could have been soooo much better. 2 stars
hahaha.wow!  just watched this movie last night.  the black character from "new york" with a very proper vocabulary, british accent and not a masculine streak in his body, made this a comedy for me.  i guess he grew up on tea and a bisquit in the bronx.  the story possibly had potential but was completely ruined.  the "romantic gaze" when the 2 prisoners see each other was ackward and unless you know that's what it's supposed to be you'd think they were crusing or maybe just slow.  the acting was horrible and i am not sure about prisoner's making coffee in their cells and eating together at a lovely little gay table in the cell.  and yes!  the subtitles had spelling errors!  it only deserves 1 star but really is worth seeing just for laughs.  there is a lot of frontal nudity (why i bought it!) and that was hot and the only reason i gave it 2 stars.  hbo and oz should sue this film maker for putting their name on the case of the dvd! but if you want nudity other than porn, have some friends over and torture them - seriously i'm glad i bought it but do not buy this for the story line or plot
disappointing.i found this movie was disappointing and the acting amateurish.  the nude scenes were scarce and brief (unlike the hype)and i'm someone who believes that good full-frontal nudism will salvage any dog.  but this old dog just don't hunt.  if you can't resist the hype, rent don't buy.
yuck!.this is straight up porn  and not even good porn either.  i watched this at a friend's house because they nettflicked it without knowing what it was about.  it was a complete waste of an hour and a half of my life
cheesy and poorly made....the first thing you notice is the movie appears to be filmed by a regular camcorder. it does not have a "movie quality" look. it looks amatuer. the acting is mediocre to poor, very cheesy lines.  the movie depicts the love affair between two prisoners, one black - one white. as someone mentioned before, the black american role has a british accent! the movie looks like a gay porn without the graphic sex. yes, you see allot of bare chested muscular male prisoners -  who simply pose trying to look tough, a graphic masturbation scene and the stereotypical prison gang rape. the whole film looks the director found an empty jail in germany, hired a few muscular extras and some acting school amatuers as the leads. the movie tries to be homoerotic or a gay soft porn but it is so poorly done, you just want to get to the end (and a unbelievable one at that
this is a porn film...without the porn.a young white boy and a middle aged black man fall 'in love' in a german prison. the film quality is lousy, and the acting is not much better. looks to me like they rounded up the sunday beer bust crew at a leather bar and decided to make a movie. the odd thing is the characters do actually have sex in the movie, but they cut it out to the point of nonsense. this is really like a porn movie without the porn. the young white actor was fairly good in his role....because of his expressive eyes. all of the other actors were terrible. don't waste your money on this one, guys. the entire movie revolves around sex, and they cut it all out. there is not really any other plot.
an ok b movie.if you are a fan of the old series this movie isn't worth your time and effort...if you don't mind an ok b movie with a few funny moments from a cast much better than the material it is given (unfortunately the cast manages to sink to its level) then you won't mind it...i really can't recommend you spend money on this one.  wait for the actual series to make it to dvd (what's keeping it?
i dont remember.i watched this movie in my english class because we have finished reading the book. i dont remember the movie because i was half asleep while watching it. now we have to write a film review and i have no idea what to write! i hate reading shakespeare because i have no idea what they're talking about
when will people learn that kenneth branagh sucks?.i could talk about many things i hate about this movie.  like for desdemona, whose actring, poor command of english and thick french accent made me not very sad to see her die.  or an insipid emilia and wholey unmemorable cassio.  or the lack of chemistry between desdemona and othello; it was very difficult to tell that they were even a couple, much less so deeply in love...but, no, instead i will focus on what to me was the most glaring problem: iago. iago is normally my favorite character; i have seen many versions of "othello," movie and stage, and in each and every one of them i have found iago to be the greatest shakespeare villain ever: complex, tortured yet humorous--so intelligent and cunning that you just have to love him.  iago is a character that the audience is supposed to like against their will: i have read tales that many actors who play othello feel that iago steals the limelight from him.  in the version with james earl jones, the audience loved iago so much that they were booing when he was arrested--they didn't want him to get caught.  ..however, branagh's iago is the first iago that i have found to be flat, 2d, and wholly unlikeable.  i have never liked branagh very much to begin with (his directing is terrible and what kind of director casts himself in main roles like that?); i am of the opinion that he does nothing more than chew scenery.  indeed, in "othello" he trounces around and screws up his face and laughs and performs what he thinks is good shakespeare.  but, he lacks the charisma and charm necessary for iago, so one never really gets attached to him.  also, he fails to give the underlying psyche behind iago, to explain to us how he could have done what he did.  he is shown as a dumb jerk, not remotely likable or deep at all.  i blame this on his directing (like those unnecessary added things in the scene where emilia gives iago the handkerchief) and, of course, mostly his acting.  ..it's a shame, too, because lawrence fishbourne does a great job as "othello."  i'd keep him, but replace the rest of the cast. i'm giving a whole extra star just for him
horrible!.i think, this is quite possibly, the worst movie i have ever seen.  i just can't imagine how anyone enjoyed this movie.  i'm still shaking my head in disbelief
sound problems with the dvds.the low rating is for the sound quality on the dvds, not the movies (i give 5 stars to those). the dialog is so quite that i can't hear it. it is really bad in casablanca where i had to change the volumn from 14 in the music seans to 25 for dialog, and still had trouble hearing it. ..no one else has mentioned this in a review, so maybe i just got a bad set and should return it for a replacement
damn.i dont know if it was intended to be a comedy or action, cause either way it came out wrong, poor acting and unrealistic events. if you luv the roc. don't see this movie cause it was definately a mistak
wow.the only thing that saved this movie, as backwards as it sounds, is the fact its so horrible, you can laugh at how bad it is. the story is beyond dumb. a dude pulls strings to get beans out of jail, just so he can set beans up to go to jail? he was already in for a minimum 15 years, but they get him out so they can set him up to go back? you have to see it to believe it!! horrendous!!!!!!!!!
horrible!.a thousand light skinned women, cursing violent ignorant black men, cameos, blah blah blah. b-o-r-i-n-g. i'm not impressed. i only saw this movie because blockbuster gave me the wrong movie. i decided to give it a chance. ugh, this trash will rot your brain. full of stereotypes, veiled hateful sentiments (toward black men and black women, though in 2 different ways), just plain dumb.
stereotypes galore!!!!.dame dash or dame dummy?.movies like this is one of the many reasons for"blackmen" being looked upon as thugs,i forgot that's now a "good thing"(being called a thug).this, what ever the hell this is-is just sad.their so many stories to be told about afrian-american culture.what about robert smalls,paul robinson,john henrik clarke,isis and osirus,they were people of color.movies like this prove "blacks" are not good at being "gangsta".it's not our nature,( atleast not most of us )that's one reason you end up in two places.europeans are the real gangsters they dominate earth with brute force and blood shead!!while you fools watch this bullcrap!!and try to live this out. all while feasting off of the crumbs from your masters table..what fools you mortals be!!dame dash a gangsta?? what a joke
bad directing, bad acting.what a mess. the fundamentals of acting are gone. you got actors grinning during serious scenes and actors looking into the camera. not much plot, every 10 minutes somebody gets shot up. a lot of cameos including mariah carey, angie martinez, old dirty bastard, and kanye west. i give it 2 stars because of beanie's performance, at least he tried to ac
nice concept, great cast, extremely weak writing.i had reasonably high hopes for this movie, given the subject matter and cast (as well as some of the glowing reviews here, with which i must strongly disagree).  the main problem with this movie is that this is very poorly written.  the writer seems to know very little about business or much of anything else; it seems that this is someone who's entire outlook on life is derived from the insular hollywood view.  not only are the cliched hollywood liberal assertions way off the mark, but the plot development has some major gaps.  what does the initial laboratory sex scene have to do with anything?  what role does jane seymour actually play, other than showing up in lingerie?  what was that violent racquetball game all about? there's a big protest over a plant due to be shut down, but what does the plant actually produce? how does judge reinhold's "love interest" happen to find him (why was she there?) and how does she know where to take him?  why does reinhold keep the money rather than handing it back to the company or latin americans?  and what happens to that little guy (rabinowitz) after he gets fired?  naturally the writer dishes out the usual hollywood liberal biases against business, christians, pro-lifers, the military, wasps, germans, etc. but there are such huge holes in the story that it's the weakness of the writing that becomes laughable rather than the intended targets of "fun"...there are a few mildly funny moments, but none are what i'd call "hilarious".  and too many dark moments, such as various business characters jumping out windows, hanging themselves, etc.  not what i'd expected or hoped for, and as i said, the writer has no real insight into business; probably never worked anywhere other than in hollywood.  and as far as the cast, they do a nice job, but a lot of the "headliners" have very minor roles.  danny devito, rick moranis, jane seymour, don king, and brian doyle-murray all have essentially "cameo" roles, very little on screen air time.  the great don novello (aka guido sarducci) is essentially wasted in a minor role as a limo driver.  judge reinhold is reasonably good, eddie albert is quite good, richard masur is passable as is lori-nan engler; those are the people actually getting the airtime in this movie, not devito, moranis, and seymour (who were actually 3 of the 4 listed on the front of the dvd along with reinhold).  there's a reason it took until this year to release this 20 year old movie on dvd, it's just not very good.  it's as if the writer had a decent rough idea for the movie, but couldn't work out the details.  plus the "stars" listed are often barely in this movie. but i've seen worse films, so this gets 2 stars.
pretty lame.maybe i'm spoiled by big-budget sci-fi films, but i thought this movie kind of stunk. it felt and looked like a tv movie and wasn't scary, at all. the best/funniest part was how no one could remember the one lady's name or face, and everyone described her the same way--"the one with the glasses." "oh, her--haven't seen her." lol
is elmo really educational?  let's find out....let's see...how many people are annoyed by elmo?  (woah, i see a lot of hands going up)...a lot of people can't stand elmo (myself included), but there's another reason besides "he's taken over sesame street". it's overexposure, folks. yes, we see elmo all the time on sesame street, but he's everywhere else, too. you walk into any store, be it a wal-mart (or other discount store), any mall, or even a grocery store. "the red menace" is everywhere! elmo cookies, elmo stationery, and the forty five thousand different kinds of elmo dolls out there...tickle-me-elmo, ymca elmo, rock-and-roll elmo, orthepedic surgeon elmo, ceo elmo, elmo on a pogo stick...elmo, elmo elmo. it's a little like hearing christmas music nonstop from nov. 1 to jan. 1 every year. for a while it's okay, but just gets annoying...people are also annoyed by elmo's voice...and his speech. when the same word is screeched over and over again by a falsetto voice, it easily grates on the nerves of many. it's really too bad that kids have this (and mostly this) for their main daily dose of sesame music. when joe raposo and jeff moss composed music and lyrics, the songs they wrote were simple, educational, got the point across without relying on one, single word being repeated. think about some joe raposo songs you know. we all know some. there's repetition yes, but repeated words appear in a lot of music. how about i use "everybody eats" for example. here's the lyrics:.."everybody eats, everybody eats .meat and fish and cereal .carrots, peas and beets .everybody knows .that everyone he meets .likes to eat .how do we know it's so? .'cause everybody, everybody eats ..there are people who eat sitting .there are some who like to stand .there are people who go out-of-doors .and picnic on the land .there are folks who use their fingers .others use a fork and knife .but no matter how you do it .don't you know it's so? .eating's part of everybody's life ..everybody eats, everybody eats .meat and fish and cereal .carrots, peas and beets .everybody knows .that everyone he meets .likes to eat .how do we know it's so? .'cause everybody, everybody eats .everybody, everybody eats."..we all know the clip. when we read the lyrics, we saw the mental images of the fish, carrots, peas and beets. we also saw mental pictures of animals and people eating in various places. the reason we did is because we saw the clip which showed us these things: actual footage of people and animals in the real world...in this case, they were all eating. as kids, we saw this (and other clips) which often played some kind of a raposo (or moss) tune with footage of the real world...now, let's compare this to elmo's world. since this dvd is on the topic of food, let's suppose elmo is thinking about food today. also, since i previously discussed the topic of music, let's focus on the musical portion of elmo's world. for what it's worth, the enviroment is as such: an animated, scribbled background filled with stretching and wobbling furniture with no other purpose than to get kids' attention. any images of food so far? no. well, let's see...elmo sits down at the piano and to the tune of "jingle bells" we get this song aboud food:.."food food food, food food food, food food food food food. food food food, food food food food, food food food food food food food!" (okay, that's enough)...any mention of the different kinds of food there are? no. any images of food? no. any educational value to this song at all? none. will having this same song be repeated for the next five days straight on pbs be any more helpful in teaching kids about food? no. but those who support elmo's world will say that elmo might teach about food in other ways, such as watching "the food channel". here's a tip: since sesame street is supposed to teach kids about reading, why not have elmo read a book about food to the kids? but back to the subject of music: can elmo teach at all through music? let's face it, folks. elmo can't hold a candle to what joe raposo and jeff moss did for sesame street. i bet a lot of parents feel bad that their kids can't experience the raposo/moss tunes (and clips). those same parents probably would also feel bad that elmo's daily screeching to "jingle bells" is the main exposure to sesame music that they get...you know, another reason that people may be annoyed by elmo is that he hasn't really evolved as a character and become as three dimensional as the rest. many other sesame characters have changed and grown from their original appearances. big bird is no longer a dopey klutz, oscar is still grouchy but has become more endearing, cookie monster is not the one-dimensional cookie thief he was back in 1970. grover has become full of heart and emotion, especially in his "comeback" to the show.....but elmo? he started out in his early years as a monster that often was found giggling and screeching the same word over and over again for the fun of it. in one early skit of his, he was yelling the word "original" over and over again until (maria?) told him what it meant. elmo was happy no matter what. now we see "elmo's world" and elmo...is always happy, always giggles and daily he screeches the same word over and over again. hmmm..
chairman william shatner? be afraid! be very afraid!!!.between 1993 and 1999, a popular television show in japan called "iron chef" ("ryori no tetsujin") pitted its acclaimed one of its professional chefs against a challenging chef each week using a particular theme ingredient in all of the dishes made.  the show was hosted by the flamboyant chairman kaga (takeshi kaga) who opened each show, presented the challenger, unveiled the theme ingredient and gave a brief synopsis before the winning chef was declared. the show gained popularity in syndication in the u.s. on the food network using a mixture of dubbed english and subtitles...due to the rising popularity of the show from cable subscribers, the upn tv network decided to broadcast an american version of the show in 2001 that was produced by the larry thompson organization and lions gate television of canada.  unfortunately, these two companies failed to effectively reproduce the elements of the japanese show that had made it so popular.  instead, they created a poorly written  directed substitute that was akin to watching a wwf wrestling match, not a challenge between two professional chefs...the first mistake that the larry thompson organization and lions gate television made was in their selection of the new chairman for "iron chef usa".  though i very much enjoy william shatner in his roles as captain kirk in the original "star trek" tv series, t.j. hooker in the show of the same name and his more recent role as an attorney in "boston legal", his attempt at being chairman of "iron chef usa" was far too farcical and clownish to be taken seriously in trying to replicate takeshi kaga's flamboyance from the original japanese tv series.  their next mistake was in the commentaries.  during each of the original japanese "iron chef" shows, a group of commentators (which included a culinary expert) would explain what each chef was doing, as well as analyze the possible dish outcomes.  the "iron chef usa" commentators treated the two chefs as if they were athletes and would even send in an annoying "field reporter" (sissy biggers) to ask them stupid question while they were busily preparing their meals.  their other major mistake was their selection of judges.  most of the japanese "iron chef" shows included an actual food critic as one of the judges, as well as japanese actors, actresses  sports personalities, who were quite articulate in their critiques of the prepared meals; but the "iron chef usa" judges were inarticulate and inexperienced...not surprisingly (and quite thankfully), only two episodes of "iron chef usa" starring william shatner were ever produced and were entitled, "iron chef usa: showdown in las vegas" and "iron chef usa: holiday showdown".  each of these shows on the dvd i rate with a well-deserved 1 out of 5 stars for being poor mockeries of the much more entertaining original japanese version.  in 2004, the food network's produced its own version entitled "iron chef america: battle of the masters" that included two of the beloved original japanese iron chefs, hiroyuki sakai and masaharu morimoto, and was hosted by takeshi kaga's nephew, mark dacascos.  it was a far better show than the ill-fated 2001 "iron chef usa".  if you are considering purchase of the 2001 "iron chef usa" dvd, you do so at your own risk
not the japanese series.i just would like to thank the person from seattle, wa who discovered that this dvd is not the one that airs on the food network, which is what my husband and i love.  like the reviewer from seattle, i agree that amazon should provide more information regarding dvd because i would have been seriously upset to receive what i thought was the japanese version only to see william shatner - yuck
how about a little information, amazon?!?.i'm not criticizing the vhs/dvd; i haven't yet seen it.  what bugs me is the fact that i was ready to order an iron chef video, but not until checkout did amazon.com bother to add the phrase quot;with william shatnerquot; to the product description, which gave me sufficient pause to hit the quot;backquot; button and read these reviews.  now i realize it's not the original japanese tv series.  is this a case of your marketing department once again overcoming honesty and forthrightness?  you're really no different from any other snake oil salemen, are you
my life went down a few notches..i was forced to watch this dumb movie in schoool. it stinks! all it is, is a jumble of random innapropriate and boring no-quality jokes. ..don't waste your money on this awful movie
fantasy, not to be confused with facts.this telplay is supposedly based on the possibility of an asteroid hitting the earth. that possibility is real, and many people take the issue seriously. one commercial film, deep impact, also included some real effort to "get it right". however, there is nothing in this film that relates to the real concern about asteroid impacts. this is pure fantasy and thus a turn-off to anyone who has thought seriously about this issue
this is a movie?.after watching this movie i wish an asteroid would hit earth, or the movie studio that put it out.  and what a lame 4th of july scene.  i hope the movie extras in that scene didn't get paid, especially the putz in the white t-shirt.   geeeesh what a waste of video tape.
good soundtrack, less than exciting footage.i just bought this dvd and am very disappointed. yes, the soundtrack is good, however the footage is very boring. some sections of the movie (like the surf session with the old "singlefin green") are nice for the soul content, but the rest is very, very substandard surfing (nothing really amazing on the wave size or on the "gnarliness" of the moves). i haven't watched the bonus video yet, but i don't think it'll be that good to change my rating. if you're looking for soul content, you're much better off buying "singlefin yellow". if you want to buy this for the soundtrack, then buy the cd
good idea, poor execution..cool world was a bit too surreal and disjointed for my taste. random images flickering across the screen at random intervals doesn't make for good film in my opinion
i wish i could give this film no stars.this is simply the worst animated film i have ever seen in my entire life,there is nothing to warrant even one star.this film is nothing but a mess of wooden characters, bad animation,and a poorly conceived plot. this film could have been good in the right hands,namely ralph bakshi's hands.the studio executives changed the entire film without bakshi's knowledge and the final result was this animated abortion. the film started good at the begining, frank harris being sucked into the "cool world" and eventually a detective there and that's were the qaulity ends. the film goes back and forth between the cartoonist jack deebs in the real world,who is given no detail, and the poorly animated and un-funny "cool world". then all of sudden at the finale, jack deebs is given a massive dose of character development at the very last minute and actaully ends up being the hero. yes,this is film is actually that sloppy.i think i need to alert the guantanamo bay prison camp, they have obviously overlooked "cool world" as a great form of torture
one liner.i only rmember one thing from the entire movie that i just sat thru..one toon calls another "pencil d##k". i laughed and laughed. then i went back into my coma. not a very good movie at all
then there was one.what's all the raa raa about???  saw 2 was much better. to me this could be a ok tv movie,but if this scares you there is a serious problem that should be looked at..   thought the acting had a lot to be disired. the whole thing was a kiddy movie. if you want some scarry stuff email me
no good deed  was far too annoying.it started off good and then it went to crap all the way threw. samuel l. jackson (pulp fiction, die hard with a vengenace) plays a cop who is helping out a mother of a lost child. so he sets out in search of her and ends up being taken hostage and tied to a chair. from there on it was too far too with stand. i couldnt bare the fact that jackson signed up for this gargantuan of a bomb. milla jovovich (resident evil apocalypse, the fifth element) seems like she is  still is in resident evil. stellan skarsgard (deep blue sea, the exorcist the beginning) is boring as hell as tyrone. doug hutchison (bait) dies the same way he did in the salton sea...with something in his neck. those old people were just too annoying and so was this. i was tempted to stop and rewind and send it back to the store but then jovovich in the shower keeped me from doing it and then i said screw it and watched the rest. ughhhhh is all i half to say. also starring joss ackland (lethal weapon 2).
name of the song.movie was ok, like both samuel l jackson and milla but was disappointed.  but does anyone remember the name of the song that milla and samuel play together - her on the piano and him on the cello - she asks him if he has ever played it and hands him the sheet music.  thank
no good indeed!.this film wasn't released, it escaped!! the most entertaining part of this mess was mr. quarre's hilariously funny attempt at racism
shirley.interesting story, but a typical airplane movie (which i where i saw it accidentaly). the acting is ok but not their best, and reiner... well, let's say he will forever be a god for making spinal tap and when harry met sally. this movie, how clever interwoven it is with the graduate, didn't do anything...extra star for shirley maclaine, she is great in this one
most of all you've got to hide it from the kids.there is nothing better than finding out your family history is the basis of a book and movie especially when it's a salacious one. that would be the premise, and pretty ingenious one, for rumor has it... the movie follows jennifer aniston (leprechaun) as she slowly starts to realize that her mother and grandmother were the people who inspired the graduate. throwing a bigger wrinkle into her life is the possible that the real life dustin hoffman character could be her father...the dude in question is kevin costner (waterworld) who plays the real life graduate even though he never did but as he tells it the dropout wasn't as catchy. shirley mclaine (cannonball run ii) is the matriarch and first female in the family to bed costner. then there is mark ruffalo, who has been in almost forty films but has yet to be memorable in one, as aniston's fiance who puts up with her cold feet and search for her possible father because, well, he looks like mark ruffalo and she looks like jennifer aniston. rounding out the cast is my hero, shooter mcgavin himself as one of costner's business buddies...even though the plot is a clever one, the film sinks in its delivery which seems to be a theme in the last couple movies i've seen. it is like the producers, which this film actually had ten of including ocean's 11 duo of george clooney and steven soderbergh, get a topic that they feel could write itself. but in this film, the laugh are far and few in between or beat to death. the funniest bits come when they reference the film especially when aniston wonder why she wasn't told of her family secret to which ruffalo sing "but most of all you got to hide it from the kids." but not all the graduate reference are great as it sometimes felt as if you needed to just see the film to get the joke, which i haven't in more than a decade. another sticking point with the film was aniston in full rachel green mode not getting the memo that this was a film and not a sitcom. her overacting got old quicker as her show did (for those keeping track at home, that would be sometime around the second season)
human nature misunderstood..noah baumbach hit paydirt back in 1995 with kicking and screaming, but in mr. jealousy, which he also directed and wrote, he does not offer his audience anywhere near the same complexity of character or plot.  he also makes some glaring errors in regards to human nature. eric stoltz plays lester who is supposed to be a man plagued by obsession and jealousy.  however, stoltz as always, is cool and engaging which means that he was a poor choice for the role.  his demeanor is not in keeping with someone who is a jealous neurotic as he presents as being relaxed and anxiety free.  ..regardless of personality impressions, we witness early on that lester has partaken in some strange adventures over the course of his life's romantic relationships.  eventually, he enacts a most bizarre stunt involving an ex-boyfriend and group therapy during the film's climax.  the audience is supposed to laugh at lester because our society views jealousy as being a pathological trait, yet this is just another example of the way that human nature is misunderstood...yes, the o.j. simpson brand of jealousy is pathological and anti-social; however, sexual jealousy in itself is quite adaptive and useful in the lives men.  were we not sexually jealous, our days would be spent raising other men's children and laboring to support women who shame and cuckold us.  furthermore, i would argue that a man who experiences no jealousy in regards to his mate/wife/girlfriend/whatever, is a man who is not in love. ..baumach completely mishandles his main character.  in the opening sequence, he reveals that lester was scarred by infidelity in his youth, yet his reaction to his girlfriend cheating on him is most civilized by any standard. nearly all men would find such an event as traumatic as lester did. indeed, his present choice in girlfriends, ramona, is a scandalous tramp, and his jealous feelings in regards to her would be universally shared. when one meets such a woman, the best thing to do is to break up with them because they will be an unending source of misery for whoever is dumb enough to become vested in their welfare.  not only is ramona not "marriage material", she's not even "girlfriend material."  she's a walking case of syphilis.  most calamitous for the film's message, is that lester is correct to be so worried about her because she proves his worst fears true. if anything, the lesson we learn is that lester is not jealous enough. paradoxically, once the unthinkable happens, his reaction is not that of an obsessive and haunted man at all.  he responds like a kind and friendly metrosexual.  instead of screaming at her, he is respectful and apologetic.  that he would even speak to her in the closing scene at all is nothing short of astounding.  lester is everything that our post-feminist society prays for in its fabricated housecat men.  his is a life to be abhorred.  the movie ends up delivering a flawed contradictory message regarding the behaviors of men.
just plain goofy, not worth the money spent.what can i say? i guess i was looking for some ground pounding primus like material. instead i get some goofy guys dressing up like some devo rejects putting out crappy music. the video looks like it was shot by a third grader and the sound is like some second grader recorded it on a walkman tape player. i am sorry i spent the money on this. les, you got me on this one. i really dont know what happened to you, but please re-visit the primus albums, and take a listen. the only saving grace is the bass playing is still good in most parts. les, you really "jumped the shark" on this one
so-so.though this is by no means argento's worst film (his phantom of the opera was pure rubbish), this film is also not among his best, and was a disappointment even to argento (he considered the production of this film cursed--in a way himself buying into the superstition which was part of the plot of the film).  for the argento fan this film is quite enjoyable in a piecemeal sort of way, but it simply does not work as a whole.  the plot is fraught with enormous gaps in logic.  the scene when characters in the film rely on the memory of birds to identify the killer among opera audience members is utterly absurd, and the end monologue in which the herione announces that she doesn't need other people and has a lot in common with insects is absolutely random, nonsensical, and has absolutely nothing to do with what preceded it in the film.  such scenes aside, what hurts this film the most is its absolutely corny heavy metal soundtrack, which has a very negative overall impact on the mood and atmosphere established by the film.  this said, the notorious "peephole scene" is one of argento's most brilliant and effective sequences in any of his films, and this movie is well worth viewing for this scene alone
the dumbest cold war movie i ever saw.don't get me wrong : i'm a fierce anti-communist. but the stupidity of this movie is just unbearable. all the american clichs about russians and ussr are reunited here, and it should be studied at school as an example of gross caricature. the ridiculous russian language imitations, the dissenters presented as "freedom soldiers", whereas a child knows today they never used violence as a mean to achieve their goals, the jews presented as traitors (the scientist's wife looks like ethel rosenberg) the idea of stealing so easily such a weapon, the reaction of secretary general (and not premier), to send another firefox, whereas he could just use this incident to accuse the united states of stealing... if you should see an intelligent cold war movie, check out white nights (it's a shame it isn't on dvd yet) or the 7th protocol, far more intelligent than this gross, highly unprobable childish parody. the chase "star wars like" scene is way too long and looks dated today. clint eastwood, shame on you
side effects dvd.this has to be the worst movie i have watched in a very long time..katherine heigl is a great actress but, this was a really bad script for her.  do not buy...........
not a good movie.this movie is terrible. the acting is horrendous! catherine hiegl is good however every other cast member is awful. it is just anti-pharmaceutical propoganda and lies. i highly recommnd against buying this film. although the pharma industry does have a lot of money, the film equates being a pharmaceutical rep with selling your soul to the devil. every day a new medicine saves a life, despite what this movie will have you believe. ridiculous and a waste of money. i wish i could get the hour and a half of my life back..
cheaply made movie.i bought this movie because kathreen being in it, but was diaappointed i under stand what they were trying to get across but if i were her i'd stick to greys atomony serie
it's too bad....it's really quite simple - this movie sucks. it's really too bad. it's an important and fascinating topic. she should have taken the money the studios supposedly offered her and let them alter the script to make it watchable. instead, she stuck with a crappy script and made the movie herself. bad choice
not the best of john carpenter.this film is really sad. sad because if you look at it closely you can find a lot of good ideas ultimately ruined by poor delivery. and knowing this is written and directed by john carpenter, i have to wonder why it isn't any better...in a mars of the future, a team of police are going to a mining village to get a prisoner and escort him back to civilization for trial. upon arriving they find the village mysteriously empty. investigating further they find corpses hanging from the cielings, weird objects. as they try to do their mission they realize that some strange force has overtaken the miners, who have begun killing people, wearing their flesh, and having savage, native-like tendencies. the force controlling them? weird ghosts released from an ancient tomb, ghosts that go into the human body to control them. killing the person will only release them to go into another...wait wait wait...a weird alien force that possesses people and turns them against the heroes and when the person is killed it goes into someone else? that's "the thing!" and wait...a drugged up force of psychos attacking people in a building? that's "assault on precint 13!" john carpenter - you're ripping off yourself!..one problem i had was some serious miscasting. pam grier was wrong for this role - it's not that i don't think she can act, i just think she's unbelievable as the leader of a combat squad. natasha henstridge was another bad choice, because i really could not believe her as a strong heroine. hollywood needs to realize really skinny women with model-bodies generally cannot do much in a fist fight. in "species" it was ok because her attractive exterior was just that - and exterior - but here we're supposed to believe as she (quite often very laughably) beats up all these people five times stronger than her. if you still disagree with me, try to imagine calista flockhart beating up the rock...i also have to say that john carpenter's filmmaking, usually fitting to the subject matter, is in this incredibly annoying. for one, whenever characters are walking down a hallway or approaching something they will dissolve between different points of the scene - what was the point? also, consider that this story is essentially one big flashback, told by natasha; some parts are still taken from other character's perspective as told to natasha's character - some parts still are taken from accounts from accounts told to natasha's character! that's right - some parts of this movie are flashbacks within flashbacks within flashbacks. also, the "ghost p.o.v" was just ridiculous: imagine taking normal film and giving it a weird, wavy red tint. ..besides all this, there were some little moments of "ingenuity," and i've composed a list detailing them..* mars has a weaker gravity than earth, being smaller than our own planet..* women are supposedly the dominant gender now. then why do all the male characters still act egotistical? shouldn't men be subservient and the women forceful now?.* while looking at a vehicle with a struggling man inside, pam grier hears a noise, yells "who goes there?" and walks off. natasha henstridge doesn't notice her leaving and doesn't see where she goes...even though she's like five feet away from her!.* we find out ice cube has taken the shotgun from one of the rookies, who claims he was "too fast." ice cube was like ten feet away from him - did he move with super sonic speed?.* during the jericho flashback, when he goes to find pam grier, he takes a few steps from the vehicle and sees a crazed native carrying pam grier's head. this means within the minute and a half that happened between pam walking off and jericho looking for her, a native ambushed her, cut off her head, and all right by the scene!.* in a stand-off between miners and the police, the miners say, "drop your guns!" and the police, despite outnumbering them and having superior firepower, do so. this is the classic "drop 'em!" rule of movies: whoever says "drop your weapons!" first, the other group has to do it..* i find it amazing in movies that no matter how far in the future you get, radios are still crappy, never go far in distance, and are always easily clouded by a dust storm or any other large form of nature..* here's great military strategery: you're outnumbered by a larger enemy and your route of departure is late, so instead of defending your only way out you charge into your larger enemy allowing yourself to get surrounded and your route cut off..* a guy crawling on the ground grabs a stick of dynamite, and when it blows up it propels him forward headfirst in the air...wait what?.* if the ghosts take over the bodies of whoever attacked its host, then how come when ice cube and natasha henstridge are taking out like thirty of the possessed humans there aren't thirty ghosts coming after them?.* ghosts can't go through doors and walls, by the way..* the film gives a cliche plot turn: "let's go home." / "no. we have to go back and kill them all." uh...wouldn't it be simpler to go back to your superiors, tell them what happened, and have them bomb the place instead of doing it yourself? oh wait, then the film would be over..* is it just me or do a lot of characters get hit by spears and sharp objects and the weapons don't actually stick into them?.* why is it everytime a grenade goes off near someone, the resulting blast makes them hop? yes, hop. ..i'm having trouble believing this was done by the same guy who did "big trouble in little china," "escape from new york," and "halloween." i hate to say it, but "ghosts of mars" has the look and feel of a sci-fi channel original film. at the same time i want to like this because i've always been a john carpenter fan, because i like how a lot of these sets seemed traditional instead of poorly done cg, and as previously stated i liked a lot of the ideas. its sad to see the movie come out like this, but it just goes to show you that everything that looks good on paper can be undone by a bad script
2 stars because it made me laugh.the absurdity of this movie made me laugh quite a bit. the sets were cheap, the plot (if you can call it that) was clunky, and the direction stank. a lot of people who have reviewed this already are railing on the actors, and the only reason i don't is because i have seen most of the main cast (the ones on the front cover) do very well in other roles. it is evident that they really weren't given much to work with...if you're looking for a horror flick to laugh at and make fun of in mystery science theater 3000 fashion, this would be a good one to pick up. if you're looking for good sci-fi/horror, look elsewhere
even more proof that john carpenter has gone senile..it's becoming a more distant memory with each new john carpenter film, but there actually was a period in the late 70's/early-to-mid 80's when he was quite a good director. most of his films from that prolific period rank among some of my favorite films of all time: assault on precint 13, halloween, escape from new york, the thing, big trouble in little china. i grew up with those films and they still entertain me to this day. ..but somewhere around the time that his 1987 disaster prince of darkness came out, things started to go seriously wrong with john carpenter. just look at the crap that he has churned out since then (with the exception of they live and in the mouth of madness which i actually liked though they are far from great movies): memoirs of an invisible man, village of the damned, vampires, and now, his latest debacle, ghosts of mars......i'm sorry, make that john carpenter's ghosts of mars!!! i'm not sure what has happened to him, but he seems to be walking proof that somewhere along the line he went senile, or insane....take your pick. ..ghost of mars involves a group of military personnel led by pam grier and natasha henstridge. they are going to an outpost on mars to pick up a prisoner, played by an annoyingly stoic ice-cube, who is being charged with murdering a bunch of people on the train. of course when they get there the place is deserted and they quickly find corpses that have been either decapitated, dismembered or disembowled. they find some prisoners, including ice-cube and they proceed to tell, in flashbacks, how a group of miners accidentally unleashed some sort of evil dust that contains some sort of evil spirits that take over people and make them go insane and on a killing spree. ..actually, the first hour of the film's 93 minute running time is basically nothing but each character saying what they were doing when the massacre took place. i found it particularly amusing how many flashbacks occurred in this movie. in fact, my friends and i invented a drinking game in which everyone downs a shot whenever a character has a flashback scene. and to add insult to injury, there are actually flashbacks within flashbacks!! ..when they finally meet the possessed people from the colony, i couldn't help but laugh until i almost cried. all of the bad guys literally look like marilyn manson clones. the leader, who is billed in the credits as big daddy mars (lol!!), speaks in some kind of gibberish and walks around scowling and occasionaly getting set on fire. ..the last half hour or so is basically a yawn-inducing battle in which natasha and the military group trying to get away from the outpost alive. all of the fighting looked extremely stiff and faked. it was especially annoying that whenever an explosion occurred, you could count on 2 to 3 people flying through the air after obviously bouncing off of an off-screen trampoline (watch the behind the scenes featurette for evidence of this.) ..by, the time this movie finished, i felt like someone had taken my brain out of my head, attempted to bounce it on the floor close to a 100 times, and then sloppily tried to put it back in. this movie really is that bad. ..all of the actors involved looked like they were only interested in getting paid. and it wouldn't be a true natasha henstridge film without a scene of her in some really tight fitting underwear. .the sets look like something left over from the old star trek series from the 60's and the special effects mainly consist of a few poor looking decapitations and dismemberments. ..any john carpenter fan can see that all he did was combine elements from assault on precinct 13, the thing and prince of darkness into this movie. ..the dvd consists of a commentary track featuring john carpenter and natasha and i was especially disheartened as to how unaware john was about how awful this movie actually turned out. he was completely happy with the final product!! john claimed that he wanted to make a futuristic version of an old-fashioned western. so why did this get marketed as a horror film then?! it seems that he has completely lost the ability to look at his films from an outsider's point of view, so that he can truly see what he has created. i'm not sure what is going on with him. but this movie and his last, the equally bad vampires, gave me a one-two punch that nearly caved my head in. ..it will be interesting to see if john will have any sort of a career after this one. they spent close to 30 million making this movie (it doesn't show) and it made back 1 or 2. he needs to really take some time off and reflect back on his career before he tackles his next project.
desperation.controversy courted the release of this film and people went to see it for the actual depictions of sex between the actors, thinking somehow it would be pornographic or titillating. but this film showed two desperate, middle-aged strangers (with all their flaws abundantly clear) meeting once a week for no-strings-attached encounters. the fact that the audience sees graphic moments adds only to the "desperate", tawdry, pathetic feel of their relationship. naturally, one of the two of them becomes too curious and wants to know more about the other partner, one of the greatest pitfalls in the dangerous pursuit of anonymous encounters: sooner or later, anonymity is not good enough anymore.
briefless ! [encounters].just imagine what the trevor howard / celia johnson would  [could?] have been like if they had this freedom???..also imagine the make-up artist ['hair' dresser?];  and the, err ....  focus puller on this one's set ........no, no, no!  although rather brave - who the heck cares?  it's all very natural and somewhat vaguely contemporary, but really - why bother?   as our beloved peter finch [i think] said in "sunday, bloody sunday" - here come those boring old  t..s again!"..as for safe sex?   [the lady during a half-pant or two - breathlessly demands 'protection' from the, err..'intruder' .... unrealistic, regarding the intensity of their meeting{s}, and their obsession with each other's body parts]...simone signoret and laurence harvey were by far more interesting in their plastic raincoats on a windswept beach [ditto kerr and lancaster]...brando/schneider also bogard/rampling were far more tortured in their versions along the same theme...then ... we will always have "intermezzo"/"in the realm of the senses".
below average --.the story is ok, but the acting is a bit off and the movie drags to much... but if your looking for some raunchy sex  there is a non-simulated oral sex scene in it
buy them separately!!!.check out the prices and you'll realize this is a horrible deal.  still on amazon, season 1 costs $19.97 and season 2 costs $44.99.  together, that's $64.96, which is almost $20 less than the $82.66 for the set here.  doh!!..but the shows are really quite good, one of the best new shows in the last 5 years and one of the few where you really would want to own them on dvd
homey don't play dat.  neither do i..i will never buy ilc season 2.  not until fox re-releases it, unedited.  (and maybe gives a coupon for those who had bought it.)..anybody who's kept up on my reviews, for better or worse, would know that i find nothing worse than editing - especially when they don't bother to say on the packaging.  television is supposed to be art.  to chop it up and remove pieces, regardless of excuse, is no better than me going to the louvre to paint over the mona lisa's nose with pea green paint or, worse, an advertisement for tootsie rolls in the nostrils...i'm hoping season 3 will be full and unedited...it's a shame; the show itself was not only funny at the time; it's held much of its humor that many skit or sitcom shows have managed to lose over time.  that is extremely rare, to say the least...in living color is special.  a cultural influence, no less, as it remains as fresh today as it did in 1990 (unlike many other skit shows...).  to neuter it by replacing music soundtracks (while not updating the end credits either) and removing entire skits (namely the vanilla ice parody for no apparent reason) crosses the line.  particularly when, as said by others, no word of the atrocity had been mentioned on the packaging!   ..now if this set was $20, then i would buy it.  but not for $40.  ..one other note, i want to send a gigantic note of thanks to amazon.com, for being an invaluable service.  in terms of both price and especially with allowing consumer reviews, i turn to amazon.com first to find out what users have to say about new releases
worst movie eastwood ever made.this movie is so bad that even the army, which supported it at first, withdrew there support.  eastwood's character started his career in the us army during the korean war where he fought in a battle later called "heartbreak ridge".  the story line was so inept and the telling of the tale so bad that the army withdrew its support in the production.  the film company then had to rewrite to scipt so that eastwood's character changes services and enlist in the usmc after the korean war and fights in the vietnam war.  ..so all of you "leathernecks" looking for a "pride of the corps" tale should pass, it isn't going to happen in this story.  in fact, the movie takes pains to present the usmc in a very negative light.  that the corps continued to support this production reflects just how desperate it was for any mention from hollywood.  ..the script is pathetic, the production weak, and the conclusion unsupportable.  send hollywood a message and do not support this movie
false advertising.i remember when this came out on video, i was managing a video store and expanding my reading of military history out of wwii and into other areas- korea, vietnam, wwi, etc. hoping for a high-quality film of the battle of heartbreak ridge in korea. ended up with made-for-tv feel of boot camp, and then the dramatic climax in.....grenada. yep, grenada. admittedly, that's all they had to work with, but still i get the feeling that clint would like to forget this movie more than i would. that being said, if you just want to see some really accurate uniforms and a few war-movie cliche characters, by all means invest your time. for a better time, check out the 1959 movie "pork chop hill" produced and directed by gregory peck. although full of heavy-handed evil godless commie sterotype imagery, still much better than this one here.
wow, in a bad way.this production of rogers and hammerstein's cinderella is cringeworthy at best.  i understand this was a television movie, but they couldn't at least choose good actors and provide a better set?  cinderella acts and sounds like a complete ditz, all starry-eyed and breathless voice.  it's partly the fault of the camera-work though.  every 10 seconds and it's an extreme close-up of cinderella's face.  it's frightening.  i love the music and this musical, but if it's not well-acted or well-sung, it's not enjoyable for me.  i've only heard the julie andrews version in soundtrack form, and already that one is 100x better.  there's none of the pleasant, exciting, and lovely performances of the original cast.  this version has no energy.  the exception is the prince and his parents the king and queen; they weren't bad.  but the rest of the show is the epitome of cheesiness - which could have been avoided if feeling and energy were put into the performances, even despite the terrible sets.
boring! boring! boring!.to anyone thinking of ordering any robert fein dvd,don't. the covers are hot and the women sexy but with a "x" rating is totally misleading. girls gone wild have more action and they suck
try that's so stupid.....this series is well stupid.  this is why you pay $50 dollars a month for cable, so that their stupid cable companies can make stupid shows and tv movies like this...if the kids are not annoying enough, the music is
stop the rot !!!.i must agree with an earlier reviewer (booby the c).  when raven comes on the tv, you really should turn it off.  it is an evil show, as it's turning huge section of a young generation into morons.  ..the show's "plots" (for want of a better word) suck, the acting really sucks (and don't they all look older than they're supposed to be ?) .... and raven herself sucks sooooo bad it actually hurts to watch her.  don't you get the feeling she is getting pushed to the limit on disney channel ?  why is she being treated like such a celebrity, when all she's got going for her is that her father is a big-shot producer ?  i think we all know how she got these starring roles in z-list series and movies, don't we ?..for goodness sakes, do yourself - and your brain - a favor and watch something more inteligent in future.  you have been warned...peace yo
shirley.interesting story, but a typical airplane movie (which i where i saw it accidentaly). the acting is ok but not their best, and reiner... well, let's say he will forever be a god for making spinal tap and when harry met sally. this movie, how clever interwoven it is with the graduate, didn't do anything...extra star for shirley maclaine, she is great in this one
most of all you've got to hide it from the kids.there is nothing better than finding out your family history is the basis of a book and movie especially when it's a salacious one. that would be the premise, and pretty ingenious one, for rumor has it... the movie follows jennifer aniston (leprechaun) as she slowly starts to realize that her mother and grandmother were the people who inspired the graduate. throwing a bigger wrinkle into her life is the possible that the real life dustin hoffman character could be her father...the dude in question is kevin costner (waterworld) who plays the real life graduate even though he never did but as he tells it the dropout wasn't as catchy. shirley mclaine (cannonball run ii) is the matriarch and first female in the family to bed costner. then there is mark ruffalo, who has been in almost forty films but has yet to be memorable in one, as aniston's fiance who puts up with her cold feet and search for her possible father because, well, he looks like mark ruffalo and she looks like jennifer aniston. rounding out the cast is my hero, shooter mcgavin himself as one of costner's business buddies...even though the plot is a clever one, the film sinks in its delivery which seems to be a theme in the last couple movies i've seen. it is like the producers, which this film actually had ten of including ocean's 11 duo of george clooney and steven soderbergh, get a topic that they feel could write itself. but in this film, the laugh are far and few in between or beat to death. the funniest bits come when they reference the film especially when aniston wonder why she wasn't told of her family secret to which ruffalo sing "but most of all you got to hide it from the kids." but not all the graduate reference are great as it sometimes felt as if you needed to just see the film to get the joke, which i haven't in more than a decade. another sticking point with the film was aniston in full rachel green mode not getting the memo that this was a film and not a sitcom. her overacting got old quicker as her show did (for those keeping track at home, that would be sometime around the second season)
"why are you goggling at me?".the soviet film "100 days before the command" is the tale of the fate of a handful of raw young recruits who attempt to retain their humanity in a bleak, senseless, brutal militaristic culture. the film blends moments of brutality--a drunken officer returning at night and urinating on the face of a sleeping recruit, for example--with endless nude scenes. the director, hussein erkenov, states that the inclusion of nudity was a deliberate action aimed to show the recruits' vulnerability and innocence. well, i can buy that, i suppose--the naked shower scenes, the sprawled, tangled half-naked bodies in the abandoned woodshed, and the prolonged soapy rub-downs etc do invoke a certain ethereal 'lost boys' quality (think hylas and the nymphs--but the nymphs are all male). however, after wrestling with the possibility that perhaps this film wasn't set in a basic training camp for recruits after all, but instead was perhaps a nudist colony, i was still left with a dull feature, sparse dialogue and quixotic editing. in russian with english subtitles--displacedhuma
picturesque dvd's make nice beverage coasters.....this is one creative way in which to recoup some of the loss incurred by buying this nightmare. if you are one of the unfortunate who rent this waste of time(like i was) recommend that your local video store make one empty space on their shelves and toss this loser. this 71 minute "experience", which feels more like 100 days of viewing hell, is nothing more then a montage of artsy, disjoined, surreal scenes. it quickly becomes boring after the first 5 minutes, tedious after 10 minutes, and downright irritating at around 15 minutes. i actually made the mistake of suffering through to the end, hoping that something magical would happen to make everything half-way understandable. this film could only appeal to the rare, artistically elite, filmgoer who finds anything as superficial as character development or cumbersome as plot layout simply uninspiring
fine tuning without good instructions.should you purchase this audio/video equipment set-up disk, be prepared to feel almost alone during the task. the screens are generally helpful, but can sometimes leave you asking, "couldn't they explain this process a little better?" for tv display settings, the task is best accomplished by pausing "ultimate" and accessing your tv's set-up menu. this instruction is not well explained and discovering it for yourself can result in re-visiting the same ultimate track repeatedly until the task is completed. prior knowledge of the hdtv display setup menu and repeat function on your dvd player are good to know. you may require several visits to some ultimate set-up screens before moving on to the next chapter..the audio portion is entertaining, although brief. dolby digital 5.1 and ths are explained well enough to discover whether your receiver and/or dvd player are capable of processing one or both of these audio formats. .to conclude, this diminutive, basic tool helps only marginally to increase your watching and listening pleasure beyond the factory presets.
no sound!!.and no it's not the dvd player...everything else works fine on it. this is the second time this happened with amazon. the first time was a real hassle since the replacement had no sound either..grrrrr! not a big jazz fan but love monks music. i really wanted to see and hear him play
ctrl+alt+delete..com for murder is anything but spooky and suspenseful. the movie centers with a killer who selects his victims from a chat room and records the killings. natassja kinski and nicolette sheridan characters are sisters who end up his next stalking as they view a murder he commits..whenever a movie lets you know who the killer is then the script has to be really top notch to keep you on the edge of your seat and snag the viewers attention...this script is not one of those. .there is no character development thus you really have no idea why albert (jeffery dean) is running around killing women or why he sees visions of blood everywhere. you have no idea why natassja kinski's husband ben built a hi-tech computerized safe house that allows hackers to so easily access it. you truely have no idea why two talented woman like nicolette sheridan and especially natassja kinski agreed to play such brainless stereotypical victims, that it really is a let down for strong women (lifetime televison would have a fit)! huey lewis plays the fbi agent but really he looks so uncomfortable playing that part you think he just ate something unsavory..the only two high points in the whole film was the beautiful house, truely awesome in its design and style, and jeffery dean who plays his part fairly well considering the limited script he is given. after watching this techno-diaster, you'll just want to re-boot and forget the whole thing every happened
it's no citizen kane.i found this film accidentially on amazon and was curious because i know welles didn't complete a great deal of films.  his directorial flourishes are definitely evident, but it is hard to really enjoy the film do to the quality of the transfer.  the picture is dark and the audio is exceptionally bad.  it looks like there were some budgetary issues in the making of the film so i couldn't tell whether this was a bad dvd presentation of a mediocre film, or an awful movie put on dvd badly.  i did not shell out of the criterion edition, which might give a better glimpse into the qualities of the film
appauling quality.this is a potentially very good film. interesting idea (bearing some resemblance to "angel heart"). sadly marred by a quite appauling transfer. i don't think i've ever bought (dvd or video) or seen (tv or cinema) quite such an awful copy of a movie. it is clearly stuck together from more than one original, with the logo "delta" appearing now and again in the bottom right hand corner, but don't be misled into thinking this is the most complete version. the term "special edition" seems to refer only to the fact that it has been released !!!!! tony curtis does an incredibly poor intro and epilogue (clearly from some late night cheap tv series)...don't buy it...maybe there's a better version (i read talk of a "critereon" disc), maybe not. still, it really isn't worth (any) money
extremely good story but terrible picture quality.i bought orson welles citizen kane and liked it so i decided to watch other welles movies. i bought mr. arkadin because the dvd is cheap and rated high on imdb. i should have buyed touch of evil instead. the quality of the picture is laughable, sometimes there are glitches in the sound during scene changes. judging by the picture and sound quality i would say that they used equipment from the 30's to shoot and edit the movie and that the print used for that transfer was stored in a refrigerator during 45 years. welles directing work is good but obviously he had to deal with the poor quality of the european movie industry of the 50's. sometimes the picture shake, during the opening credits the captions are white on a white or gray background so we can't read everything. the editing is very poor, there are too many scene changes. when i bought this dvd i expected to receive the laserlight version, instead i got a dvd made by alpha video. the case cover is different and there is no supplemental material. he was mastered cheaply on a pc with the spruceup dvd maestro software, that seem to create problems, each time i try to play the disc on my computer the fbi warning message appear and then the disc eject. i didn't notice any audio syncing problems however. this movie is the perfect candidate for a remake. i give **** for the story and * for the overall quality of the movie
lowenstinks..this film was dreadful.  streisand is absolutely unlikeable.  to enjoy this film, you would need to buy into the romance between streisand and nolte and i just can't see how that is possible.  i couldn't believe it when i found out how critically acclaimed this film was.  along with the english patient, this is one of the worst 'critically acclaimed' films i have ever had the displeasure of viewing
"worship barbara" meets execrable depravity.i still can't understand why this movie was so highly acclaimed. anything beautiful and good in it (hence the one star for things like enjoyable island scenery) is far outweighed by the degredation that saturates the film.  the "moral" of the story seems to be: "have an illicit affair...it's good for you, and good for your marriage." and i was so disturbed by the images of the rape scenes that i had to leave the room.  it turned my stomach, and made me sick thinking some pervert rapists out there are probably getting cheap thrills from it.  rape is one of those things that is--or should be--stirring enough on its own; it doesn't need graphic portrayal to "drive home" its painful reality..    my other gripe about this film is that much of it seems centered around the glorification of streisand and of the character she plays.  the film seems to be singing, "look at me. i'm hot. i'm brilliant. i'm irresistable. and i heal people.".    i have a list of films labeled "don't bother" but those words are too passive for this film, which prompted me to create a new category called "don't watch."
hysterical, and then, just bad, mostly.i cannot, with good conscience recommend this movie.  ..please, look at it! it's awful!  ..drew barrymore, in her sad "poison ivy" stage, is a wretched performer.  there are pothole plothole's all over the place.  and it's itchy to watch the scene with her real mother, jaid barrymore.  were they attempting reconcilliation through a b-movie?..oh! and the guy from adventures in babysitting, father of the bride  a few episodes of friends is in it, fumbling around too. where is that guy?..there's a tough broad friend, a spooky house  at one point spoiler: drew splits in half all oogy and walks around like some really skinny anatomy horror movie thingy...hey! now it sounds kind of good again
a putrid stinker of a film.this has to be one of the worst movies i've ever wasted my time watching! don't dispose a precious cent on this movie unless you are a gigantic drew barrymore fan and you are merely viewing the movie for the raw sex scenes and constant,random nudity. the storyline could have worked, yet the movie is pathetically low budget, the acting is horrid and the movie falls desperately flat. it is impossible to like this movie unless you are obsessively in love with drew barrymore and you want to watch her at her lowest point. it's so bad that i had to come here to  vent about it online. the director was obviously a film school drop-out who offered the actors free cocaine and produces low budget porn.
super-awful.it gets two stars for the unintentional comedy. other than that, it's one of the worst of the ultra-cheesy, predictable, low-budget horror movies from the early nineties. the fx are funny at first, but then they just go on and on and on and the sucking takes over from the comedy. the acting is uniformly terrible, and one has to image that the typically enjoyable barrymore is just glad to have this ridiculous part of her career well behind her
trying to choke down eaten alive.initially the movie seemed to have some of chainsaw massacre's nonlinear slant and manic energy, but the lack of focus ultimately destroyed everything. the movie's random maniacal edge seemed overly contrived---perpetrated in the absence of any recognizable storyline. and hell, the crocodile just didn't get enough screen-time. let's face it. the best actor in the entire movie was reprehensibly underplayed...this whole swamp-laden mess roughly revolves around the picturesque starlight hotel, conspicuously built to overlook a croc-supporting deluge. at one point, an estranged family shows up and pays for a room. what follows next is a pointless psychotic diatribe between husband and wife. the wife, by the way, is sally from chainsaw massacre. the husband ends up dead, the little girl ends up running and hiding, and sally ends up tied to a bed in her underwear---which may have been provocative in some tawdry way were it not for the eyeliner and snot running down her flushed heaving face the entire time...there's just no central drive or consistent storyline, and too many non-essential characters. at one point you do see a belligerent pre-freddy-freddy as he is gobbled wholesale by the expeditious crocodile. pre-freddy-freddy's girlfriend looked to me like the same girl who played the recalcitrant member of the cannibal tribe from the hills have eyes, but don't quote me on that, because i was quite drunk at the time. ..ultimately, the hotel's owner, judd, deviant/killer/crockmaster/entrepreneur, ends up doing the headlong dash into the croc's gullet, and the mourners in judd's tumultuous wake are very few and far between. as a villain, judd translates to a queasy and unsatisfying hybrid between and estranged member of the leatherface clan and one of the blacks widows from every which way but loose...i don't know. this movie isn't like trying to sit through hatred of a minute or las vegas blood bath or michael bolton concert footage, but it's definitely not one of tobe hooper's crowning achievements. still, you know, give the guy a break.
boring and stupid.ok. this is the tobe hooper movie following "the texas chainsaw massacre". the script was co-written by tcm writer kim henkel. the movie features a good cover and a good synopsis on the back. so, where does this film go wrong? where doesn't it? i want to start off that it's obvious that quentin tarantino has seen this movie because the opening scene's dialouge was used in "kill bill vo.1". my name is buck and i'm here to f**k. in the beginning we're introduced to a hooker who refuses to have sex with buck (a very young pre-freddy krueger, robert englund) and is kicked out of the whorehouse in which she resides. she ends up at the starlight motel, a dark motel hidden in the depths of the bayou. in a horror movie made in today's times, this would be the part where you would turn the film off. anyone who has seen a horror mvoie should know that this is not the kind of motel you walk into. the starlight is kept by judd (a very creepy neville brand) who acts sane and then suddenly the exact opposite and ends up killing the hooker. oddly enough, living right next to the motel is judd's alligator, hence the title "eaten alive". the movie continues with a few other people who pass through, including a family of 3. the father is killed, the mother is tied to the bed, and the young daughter hides from judd beneath the house. then the family of the hooker show. oh and buck shows up and judd shows an odd distaste in him immediately. this movie should've been good and it definitley had the makings for a good horror movies. the 70's was arguably the decade for horror films. looking at horror movies nowadays there is clear inspiration from 70's horror movies. this movie has a grainy look to it, there's blood galore, and it's pretty disturbing. brand is one of the best horror film heavies ever, but he's not anywhere near as creepy as the infamous leatherface. "eaten alive" was inspired and a lot of hardcore horror fans will enjoy it. i love horror films and the more graphic they are, the better. this movie just lagged though. in between the scenes when judd was killing people, it was just really boring. it was cool seeing robert englund, who as a kid looked nothing like freddy krueger. and the film also stars marilyn burns, the actress who escaped in tcm and made a cameo appearance as the anonymous woman at the end of "the texas chainsaw massacre: the next generation". i'd recommend another horror film, but if it sounds good to you. go for it...grade: d
same footage as other guys gone wild videos.i bought "guys gone wild spring break explosion" and guys gone wild heat stroke". both videos use the same footage! they are basically the same video packaged under different names so the company can make more revenue. don"t be fooled
this is the edited, softcore "retail-friendly" version!!!.warning to anyone considering this title: this and the original "guys gone wild" dvds are edited to be less explicit so they are acceptable for sale at most retail stores. these are not the uncensored, really wild titles that are also part of the guys gone wild line, like "dude where's my pants?", "the big easy" and "heatstroke". be sure you know you are getting a more playful, less sexual video if you get this instead of those other ggw titles
really bad.oh, this was a bad film.  it was acted well, yes. the characters may have been a teeny bit interesting, but boy, was this a bad movie and not at all representative real life
bastardized!!.mission:impossible, the tv series, told the adventures of the impossible missions force -- an elite team of covert operatives who were sent to overthrow mob kingpins, foreign dictators, terrorists and others who threatened the security of the united states. rather than engage in james bond-like shoot outs, the imf team worked together to covertly neutralize threats, leaving little or no trace of their involvement. although the imf had a leader (steven hill as dan briggs and peter graves as jim phelps), there was no star of the group -- just a bunch of individuals working together to achieve its objective. a truly groundbreaking show...along comes brain de palma's catastrophe of a remake, starring that couch-jumping scientologist tom cruise. within half an hour of the film starting, the entire imf team, save for cruise, is killed off, jim phelps (jon voight) is exposed as a double agent and basically the entire concept of the original mission:impossible is shot to hell. granted, ving rhames and jean reno are present as cruise's new team, but mission:impossible is quickly bastardized as yet another tom cruise vehicle where he preens and postures. making a film called mission:impossible into a star vehicle goes against the spirit of the original tv series. it's obscene what tom cruise's ego has done to bruce geller's original concept. this is just another action film with mr. cruise flashing his toothy smile and saving the world all by himself. see the original tv series and skip this piece of bastardized trash
nothin' like the book....when the beginning of this movie opened i was absolutely sure i wouldn't like it.  it started out so far from the book it was laughable.  first of all, the main character in the movie was shane, however in the novel the main character happened to be the little boy named bob (aka joey as seen in the movie).  bob was the narrator of the entire book and we see what happens through a little boys' eyes.  not just as an observing fly on the wall, watching everything happen around it.  secondly, i didn't exactly enjoy the way it was so lacking in accuracy.  when shane first arrived at the starrett farm in the novel he was wearing all black, and there seemed to be a lot of detail in the way bob noticed him.  while in the movie there was very little in describing shane through the boy's thoughts.  it seemed that the child said very little at all and had even less running through his mind.  however if you wanted my honest opinion on the movie itself, i'd have to say it was good.  i didn't have any problems with the acting in this film and found that the fight scenes were very much like the ones depicted in the novel.  i'd recommend this movie to anyone who has not read the book
this has to be the absolute worst film ever!.i had to watch this movie for a school project, and i have to say; its bad. the story its self isnt to terrible, but it does needs some work. everything else in the movie,whether its the acing or what ever, is however awful. i dont want to sound like a reluctant  student trying to trash a film, but after watching the movie; i felt like i had wasted two hours of my life. i especially didnt like the ending when the two main characters show how much they care for each other. come-on would anyone in their right mind, feed their dog, their friend; just because they have a love-hate relation ship with the k9? i wouldnt
wtf... where is my limited trading card(s) in vol. 3 ??????.they advertise that there is suppose to be cards in every one of the dvds... i got mine in vol. 1 and 2, but not in the third one..who do i contact about this
how to fix the superbowl.i was hoping that this debacle of a superbowl would be released on dvd for everyone to see. this game has the look and feel of a don king fix. the nfl should be ashamed of how poorly this game was officiated, in favor of the lesser team in pittsburgh. watch penalty after penalty favor the stoolers and keep seattle(who dominated the game) from scoring. enjoy ben worthlessburgers pathetic superbowl performance, thank god for pittsburgh that the referees wallets were full on this night. how can you actually get a 26.7 for your quarterback rating? i didn't know it could even get that low! but he did score on 4th and 1 right? not even close, and he said he didn't score on david letterman a few nights after the game. oh but it gets better. with seattle leading 3-0, darrell jackson is called for offensive pass interference, without interfering with the stooler cornerback- erasing a touchdown, which would have made it 10-0 and big time momentum. by the way the nfl very , very rarely calls interference on the offensive player and it has to be an all out mugging to get that call. then we have peter warricks punt return deep into stooler territory, which is called back by a block in the back, that john madden and al michaels can't find on numerous replays. hmm interesting huh? so take atleast 3 points off the board for that cheating tactic and possibly 7 points. then we have a 3rd down pass from hasselbeck to his tight end to the 1 yard line on another drive. 1st and goal and an easy touchdown with shawn alexander, but hold everything, theres a flag on the play! i wonder what team this could be called on? seattle is the right answer. theres another 7 points taken away. and you liked the blocking on willie parkers touchdown run, didn't you? well if it was officiated correctly, there would have a been 2 holds on pittsburgh on that play, but hey whos counting? only the referees and the fat wad of cash from rooney. its funny that everyone in the country knows this game was pathetic, except pittsburgh fan. i guess when you have a 25 year superbowl drought and have choked in the playoffs year after year with cowher its time to look the other way. well just know that everyone outside of pittsburgh knows the truth. heres hoping superbowl 41 is fair to both teams and has a couple of good teams this time.
don't listen to a thing fed up said....egglplant was right when he wrote his review, society does have a long way to go. why is this even close to 3 stars? why is britney, after near a decade of making everyone look like an idiot continue to do so? ..well, if you havent known already, these might be some reasons.....she doesn't know you exist.she is 99% heartless to anyone she meets that doesn't please her.she needs the money, especially since she now has a kid.all the cash she got from you guys back when most of you were buying her junk was all washed down the drain when she spent it on everything else related to her music looks that apparently are starting to take effect..look just forget this garbage was even created and showed its ugly rear right in your face. move on because this will die in less than a year. hell, no one talks about it anymore now, and i have seen more reruns of king of the hill still coming on than anything pertaining to or that is this
crap on a disc.  need i say more?.britney spears used to be an attractive young woman, but she obviously let fame go to her head.  she tranformed her image from a "clean an pure southern girl" or if you will, "pop" princess, to being "trailer park" princess(anyone following the chronicles of her life will have noticed the obvious signs:smoking, weight gain, zits, no taste in clothes whatsoever, etc).  since doing so, every record that she has released under her new "image", has declined in sales(it's like following the life of courtney love)...and then she meets kevin, and(suprise, surprise)she falls in love with a dead beat who loves nothing more than riding on the coat-tails of her success to further his failing career as an "artist", which is rather apparent with this dvd release...maybe briney will clean herself up now that she's a mother.  for the child, let's hope so
avoid like the plague!!!.this is a b movie. but it takes itself too seriously and has no charm. the acting is wooden particularly that of joseph bottoms. the incongruous accents with greek thugs speaking in clockwork orange voices really jars. the little bits of gratuitous nudity are ludicrously interposed and if you buy the movie for the kirstie alley scenes you will feel fairly short changed..the plot might have worked with a decent writer, decent director and better acting but it doesn't have any of these
more blind than anything else..i must say that this movie felt like a cross between the twilight zone and saturday night live. ..the plot of the story is very bizarre.   first, there is a serial killer on the loose.   second, a man goes blind from a knock on the head.  third, the blind man uses a souped-up walkman that allows him to "see."  fourth, the blind man somehow is able to track down the serial killer.  ..if you choose to sit through the entire movie, then never mind the summation.  however, the whole film comes across like a very long, drawn out joke that has a cheesy punchline.  also, the special effects are absurdly bad (even by 1980s standards)...about the only thing the movie has going for it is a healthy amount of nudity, including a topless scene of star trek's mirina sirtis.   there is a flash of kirstie alley's nipple, but it is only a flash and it is in the dark.  not enough to justify the cost of the dvd... if you like to see "b" movies with "a" movie actors, this one might be worth seeing - for curiousity's sake.  i have no idea how kirstie alley ended up in this one after being in some big-name films.   bottom line with this one:  buyer beware.
a viewer got it right!.a viewer got it right except he gave it one to many stars.  .disjointed and boring.  skip this one
good presentation of a bad movie.this film is very amateurish and tries to be an erotic thriller, but never gets there because the characters are flat and the dialogue is wretchedly mundane and doesn't cut to the heart.  a big problem with this film is that it is so obviously in love with women as objects and not as characters, this is one main problem, lots of naked women and killing with no set-up.  the main woman who the lead character cares for is only seen and we never actually hear her speak until the very end, this is very sloppy writing and execution.  this film has no momentum because of this bad dialogue, action without meaning, and misuse of female actors for prurient means.  the one thing in this film that is interesting is the video game ogglers that the main character gets after he loses his sight.  interesting how the setup for the eyes looks exactly like the walkman that he wore before he went blind, oh well.  this film shouldn't have been made, that's all.  it's a good study of things not to do in film and a measuring stick of whether your story pans out.  as for the dvd release, it's very good. it was release by the director's own personal label through image and so the picture is as good as it can get and has numerous special features introducing you to the director's work which is just as bad, if not worse that quot;blind date.quot;  i think the worst thing about mastorakis' career is that he had talented people at his disposal on the acting end, but he just couldn't make a good film if his life depended on it.  he should have had someone else write his ideas
buster keaton and jules white = bad comedy.while i admit buster keaton is not my favorite of the silent slapstick clowns (chaplin is my favorite) he nonetheless remains a source of inspiration for me when i make my own movies. i enjoy his comedies very much and have a great amount of respect and appreciation for his work. i'm such a big fan of keaton's and all the great comedians from his era that i even defend their lesser known and appreciated titles. i have went out of my way to sing the praises of keaton's talking comedies such as "parlor, bedroom and bath", "the passionate plumber" and "speak easily" when no one else would dare to... i admit the talking comedies are not on the same level as the silent ones. not only are some of keaton's silent pictures some of the funniest comedies of all-time they are also some of the greatest films ever made. "the general", "sherlock, jr." and "our hospitality" are prime examples. my own favorite keaton comedy is "the battling butler" (a lesser known silent keaton comedy). but i've continued to watch his talking pictures because i don't like the attitude that exist when it comes to comedians. so many people have the prejudice idea that once you grow older you are no longer funny. i personally do not buy into that philosophy... but, having said all of that and having fully explained my feelings on buster keaton i must conclude this dvd, while surely worth owning if a keaton fan, is an absolute disgrace and shows keaton at the low-point of his career. the comedies presented here, there are ten in total, are all lack-luster, disgusting, worthless, over-the-top pieces of junk. and i say that with all due respect... the fault though is not keaton's, as odd as that may sound. the problem with these shorts lies with the director jules white, who has proven to me to be the worst comedy director of all-time. white, if you are unfamiliar with the name, directed the three stooges shorts for columbia pictures. i've never been a fan of the stooges but many of you i'm sure are familiar with their style of comedy. jules white directs all these shorts as if they were stooges' comedies not buster keaton comedies. what this proves is the fact that white was a director who could only direct in one style, no matter what. i guess white never watched a keaton comedy before because he takes little advantage of keaton's strenghts. all of these comedies are far too physical for keaton. i know what some of you are thinking. hey alex, you moron, don't you know that buster keaton was a slapstick comedian? all of his comedy was physical. yes, it's true keaton did a lot of visual gags, but, if you think that's all keaton did, then you my friend are sadly mistaken. and even if keaton did purely visual gags, the comedy in these shorts is not the kind of comedy keaton excelled at. the comedy here consist of people beating each other up. people bumping their heads against objects, falling into one another, and such. basically your typical three stooges' comedy... what jules white needed to do was take advantage of what keaton could do best and set the pieces around that. all of the shorts were written by veteran comedy writers of the silent era. clyde bruckman and felix adler worked on many of the shorts here. bruckman in particular worked with keaton on many projects including some of keaton's best "the general", "sherlock, jr.", "the cameraman" and "our hospitality". and i believe wrote just about all of the shorts in this collection... felix adler on the other hand worked often with harold lloyd and laurel and hardy. with lloyd, adler worked on his talking films including "welcome danger", "feet first", and "movie crazy". he also wrote my favorite laurel and hardy comedy "way out west". so both men knew what was funny. and because the writers knew what was funny i can only blame jules white for destroying these shorts with his brain-dead ideas on comedy... many of the pieces here deserve only one star. shorts such as "nothing but pleasure", "general nuisance", "mooching through georgia" and "his ex marks the spot" are true low-points of comedy. but not all of the shorts are as bad as the ones mentioned. the best of the pack might be "she's oil mine" in it keaton plays a plumber who gets mixed up in fighting a duel. the gags come pretty fast and while i admit the humor, as in all of the shorts, is not typical keaton humor, this one actually made me laugh. i give it two out of five stars... "pardon my berth marks" also has some funny moments despite jules white. it has keaton as a wannabe reporter who is sent to cover a big divorce case. while again the humor is a bit crude for keaton some of it is kinda, sorta, funny... "pest from the west" and "spook speaks" get one and a half stars out of me but when compared to the other shorts here are highlights. the rest of the pieces are all one star... it should also be pointed out jules white does not direct all ten shorts on this dvd (thank god!) two of them were directed by del lord ("so you won't squawk" and "pest from the west") "squawk" is the better of the two. my rating for it is two out of five stars... so just to quickly recap here are my ratings for all the shorts in this collection; "general nuisance" (* out of *****), "his ex marks the spot" (* out of *****), "mooching through georgia" (* out of *****), "nothing but pleasure" (* out of *****), "pardon my berth marks" (** out of *****), "pest from the west" (* 1/2 out of *****), "she's oil mine" (** out of *****), "so you won't squawk" (** out of *****), "spook speaks" (* 1/2 out of *****), and "the taming of the snood" (* out of *****).. bottom-line: truly terrible, worthless, dull, boring buster keaton shorts that were destroyed not by keaton, who does all he can to make these work, but by director jules white. he proves in these shorts what kind of good-for-nothing, no talented director he really was
save your money on the "bundle" pack.you can buy each season for $104.00.  they come in the exact cases.  when you get your bundle dvd's, they are just the season dvd's in one shipping box.  this is amazon's way of making a little extra cash at your expense
no dvd no review.i never received the dvd so it will be difficult for me to tell you if i'm happy with it
ineffective makeup techniques.i rented this video before i decided to buy it and i am glad i only spend $3.50 to rent! her instruction and techniques are poor. she moves in front of the camera a lot, which completely blocks the model from view. also the video is more like a commercial for her products rather than a guide that anyone can use. i would skip the video and hire a trained make up artist
where's richard pryor when we need him?.eddie murphy is a comical guy, but is he really the right guy to play in something as stupid as this? of course, who is the right guy for it? one of the questions i can't stand to think about in this movie, is how dolittle hears the animals speak, but their lips move and nobody notices. can't they connect the dots? obviously not. and obviously, the filmmakers couldn't either
great music marred by awful dvd.the music on this dvd is terrific.  how can it not be with the likes of alison krauss, emmy lou harris, gillian welch and david rawlings, johnny hartford and the cox family.  the problem is with the way the concert was filmed/edited and how the dvd was packaged.  the entire dvd has a slapdash feel to it that does a major disservice to the music and the artists who appear in it.  it looks like rehearsals for the "oh, brother" soundtrack album that somebody decided should be filmed and rushed out with little thought...many of the songs are interrupted by cuts to extraneous shots of off-stage happenings.  you'll be enjoying a song and the dvd will cut backstage for a search of somebody who is part of the next(!) act and can't be located.  is there anything more annoying than getting a concert dvd only to find many of the songs are interrupted in such a manner?  i can't.  and does the dvd include "man of constant sorrow"?  well, sort of - over the credits!..as for the dvd as a product, there's no track listing and no easy chapter cuts to select songs.  enuf said...as an alternative to this dvd, i highly recommend getting alison krauss and union station's "live."  you'll get dan tyminski and the rest of the fictional "soggy bottom boys" doing a version of "man of constant sorrow" that's even livelier than the one in "oh, brother."  or get gillian welch and david rawling's "revelator" dvd.  great stuff!  or the nitty gritty dirt band's "will the circle be unbroken - farther along."  all are happily available on amazon
very, very overrated..i agree with another reviewer who said the idea was cute -- but the execution poor. look, the story is a fantasy and i'm perfectly prepared to accept the fantastic premise. but after i do, the story has to make sense within that fantasy. and this one didn't. why, when all the elves were adults and acted like adults, did 30-year-old buddy -- raised as an elf -- act like a simple-minded child? it appeared that elf society was refined. why, then, was buddy crude and uncouth? answer: to provide cheap yuks as we watch will ferrell perform high-larious antics. watch him get hit by a car! watch him dance on a table in the mail room! listen to him make up songs on the spot! watch him get his head stuck in a pneumatic tube! watch him invade the women's rest room in the store (again, why didn't he learn basic proprieties from the elves?) and then run into the door! watch him guzzle a two-liter bottle of cola and then emit a 20-second belch! hahahahahahaha!!!!!! it's so funny!!!.i repeat: very, very overrated film
don't waste your money.i bought this and the ultimate ny body plan dvd. i wanted a hard workout dvd. it is a ripoff as it is just 43 minutes, including stretch and cool down.  the rest of the dvd is an "infomercial with david kirsch" where he talks pychobabble on body mind connection without saying much of anything coherent and a commercial"behind the making of the dvd" segment, where he is mostly shown on the beach hugging and snuggling with his wife, and she has a segment on "don't hate me because i have a beautiful body..."  i buy from amazon all the time, but this dvd was a complete waste of money and the workout did not tire me at all
this film is an outrageous sacrilege!!!!!!!.many people will consider giving this movie such a low rating a sacrilege.this is understandable because so many people have grown up watching this film.i too loved this movie at a certain period of my life.the period between my birth and when i turned ten.that was when i read the book.the book is perhaps one of the greatest literary works ever created.it has now been awhile since i first read it,but i still remember the excitement i felt with each new chapter.i finished it in a few short hours.since then,i have reread it several times,and each time it has been just as enjoyable.it is a true classic that people of all ages can enjoy.my brother reads as little as possible, but even he loved it.the movie,on the other hand,has gotten worse with each subsequent viewing.it deters from the book in almost every way possible.it makes a mockery of each character through a combination of poor writing and horrible acting.judy garland is an absolutely abominable choice to play the plucky heroine,dorothy gale.in the book,dorothy was a little girl of about eight or nine and she was brave and clever.in the film,she is whiny,cowardly,fretful,and slightly stupid.she is also portrayed as being around fifteen.making her this old distorts the book and her older age doesn't fit with her childish behaviour and appearance.besides wrecking the book,this movie when looked at clearly is a terrible film.don't misunderstand me,i am a fan of musicals.however,this film made for an atrocious musical.practically every single song was annoying!!!!!also,the "somewhere over the rainbow" number did not suit the plotline as it was in the book.this brings me to the biggest,most awful,distortion of them all!!!in the book,dorothy really went to oz!!!!!not only that,she returned to oz several times in other oz books.eventually,she even moved there to live!!!in making the whole experience a dream,the entire story of oz was destroyed.having said that,this movie receives a 1 in my opinion.even so,i realize that many people will persist in liking this movie despite my words of wisdom.if they do sill consider this movie a favorite after reading the book,then the 3-disc dvd is the edition to purchase.the features look good and the picture is restored.as for me,i will spend my money on better things.
hellhouse.i am a christian, and i have been to hellhouse several times. i even know alot of the people who participate in the acting. when a person makes a documentary they do it to form their own opinions. they are only going to show you what they want. it's called editing. most of the scenes in the film are controversial because george ratliff does not show you what he really taped while filming these scenes at trinity in cedar hill. (star of david mistake,the angry kids which by the way that was the only group he could find in all the days he was at the church taping, and on the very last day! etc.,etc.).he doesn't show you the kids who come out truly touched because they could be in a similar situation. it frustrates me how people get so angry when they see the hellhouse movie, but they can watch horror movies. i mean really grotesque images!! without even a second thought. then, i have to realize that when you become so hateful over what we believe in, that it is conviction and that's why you respond in that way. they do not force you at the end to join the church, they simply let you know that if you want someone to pray with or talk to, counselors are available in the next room. try going and seeing it for yourself before you judge a very poorly done documentary. they care about people, our youth is blinded today, and they want to reach out to the ones who are hurting and could be in these situations. you love the person, not the sins. that is what hellhouse is really about
don't  waste your money.the writers used the character names, and the book name, but nothing else.the explanation of the 3 laws was ridiculous.the art work of the robots was good.will smith did his usual fantastic job as an actor, but the writers gave him poor material and where comedy was called for it went over like a lead balloon..i robot is part of a series of asimov books resolving around both human and robot characters.  the human and the robot both evolve and explore the meaning of life and humanity.  none of this appeared in the movie
go home smith.this is a terrible missues of one of asimovs greatest novels. the relevance to the novel is only marginal.  .will smith is (as usual) doing a terrible job at being an action hero. he should have stayed with the sit-coms
so so.his girl friday is an ok movie about newspaper reporters in the early part of the 20th century.  i think it was supposed to be funny, and it may have been at the time, but most of the dialog was lost on me
jennifer love hewitt lays another bomb.the thing about this film that i eventually had to come to terms with is that it is not an examination of the disconnect between san francisco socialites and africa orphans. the fact that the orphans showed up at all lead me to believe that the filmmakers realize that they truly do exist, even if the characters do not. rather this film is a case study in everything that is wrong with female entertainment in 2006. beyond the fact that it is shallow to pine over characters pining over expensive merchandise, there is an overriding theory here and elsewhere that you too can be insufferable and still get the hunk so long as you are beautiful. jennifer love hewitt shows up here working the blow up doll look to provide us with a repugnant role model. for the vast majority of the film we watch her obsess over the most vapid things imaginable: social gatherings, weight loss, white teeth, and career advancement. and the problem is that girls out there are blissfully sucking this garbage up not knowing that they are being indoctrinated into the chick lit mindset. ..the message of the film is really the least of its worries. its values are really no worse than what you would find on "entourage," a show i love. of course "entourage" has a few advantages, namely real characters, real emotions, real humor, and real scripts. hewitt, who clearly has some sort of phobia of serious work, continues her downward spiral towards obscurity. here she is picking up a paycheck for looking great and over acting. the director also appears to hate subtlety of any kind. the writer's idea of a running gag involves some chump who works everywhere katya (hewitt) goes. and after "empire falls" last year i never again want to hear the excuse that the film sucks because it is made for tv. sorry slackers, the bar has been raised. there is a little empty pleasure to be gleaned and there are two legitimate chuckles, but that is all. to call this a cheese fest would be an insult to cheese...since there really are people like katya in the world we can't say that there is no justifiable reason for this film. it's not katya's fault that she was born minus brain cells and her type could be just as interesting as any other type. but thanks to everybody involved in this disaster there is just nothing interesting to be found. it does, however, land another blow to the conventional wisdom that says that ambition leads to wealth. we are asked to believe that this girl pulls in a six figure income even though we never see her working (even though we do see her at work). then we are asked to believe that she got that far simply by being a very ambitious liar. that way we can believe that she "earned" her money as opposed to facing the truth which is that ambition leads to hurt feelings and rich parents lead to wealth. as long as we believe that we can ignore the stated message of this film (don't be a sociopath), and instead focus on the real one: be rich, be beautiful, be a socialite. in other words, believe that paris hilton has ambition. **
how many sexy outfits does a movie make?.'confessions of a sociopathic social climber' is a '05 made-for-television feature. promoted as a "social satire" (an attempt at relevance i guess), it's really nothing more than a excuse to film jennifer love hewitt in as many revealing outfits as possible within a limited amount of time. ..plot: katya livingston (jennifer love hewitt) is a beautiful, but obnoxious and self-centered ad executive who lies, cheats and sleeps her way up the social ladder. aided by her gay best friend ferguson (joey lawrence) she worms her way through the movie reeking havoc wherever she goes...hate to say it, but this is a total waste of time. jennifer is unquestionably a very attractive young lady and i'll be the first to admit that seeing her name listed in the credits of a film is probably more than enough to get me to watch. however this film was just insulting, she could do so much better than this piece of trash...shallow, silly and at times crude. it receives -2 stars- instead of -1- simply because jennifer is soo easy on the eyes
i wasted over 3 bucks and an hour and half of my life for this film!.the other reviews tell you the plot (if you can call it that). the first scene actually had me intriqued and i thought it was going to be a good flick! then, things went to hell. i just want to say that this movie is horrible! i love jlh, so i was very surprised to see her in such a bad movie. the writing, directing, and everything in this movie was blatently bad. ..stay away. it is a waste of time and money
really weak.the only reason i rented this dvd was for jennifer love hewitt.  i'm a big fan of her, both as an actress and as a singer.  but even she couldn't save this film from sub par status.  jennifer plays a very self centered employee of an advertising agency (she lies about her credentials to get the job), whose number one goal is to become a popular socialite.  she falls in love with an attorney who likes her but is turned off by her stuck up persona.  she eventually dumps the fake attitude to win the guy over.  jennifer is too sweet of an actress to do a credible job playing a "bad girl."  but even despite that fact, the film is slow moving, very predictable, and just plain boring.  unless you are a diehard jennifer love hewitt fan, i wouldn't waste your time.
is there a place for minus stars?.if "love" continues to do movies like this, and even have the gall to help produce them, she'll forever remain irrelevant and trite as a movie star.  she's got talent potential.  what she does not have is any sense.  as far as this movie is concerned, don't bother to go there.  i wish i hadn't. poor writing. poor plot.  poor you, if you watch it.  you've been warned.
beware this "bootleg" dvd.royal wedding isn't on dvd yet. that's because the owner of the film, warner bros. hasn't released it yet...but several other companies have, under the "guise" of public domain. the original copyright on the film was not renewed properly with the library of congress, so the film is perceived to be public domain, although the music is very much copyrighted and every distributor of this movie is participating in copyright infringement by selling these "bootlegs"...the companies make the money, because they're selling other people's property...the people who ultimately suffer are you, the consumer, unknowingly buying products of inferior (worse than professional vhs) quality, thinking you're getting the real thing, because it's a dvd...save your money. wait until warner bros. gives us the real thing.thing.....and by the way, the movie gets 4 stars, it's the cheapo bootleg dvd that gets 1 star!
nice dancing and music, but very dull.this movie would have been a complete failure if fred astaire hadn't starred in it. i found it to be exceptionally dull. except for "i lost my hat in haiti" and "you are", and footage from the actual wedding of a member of the british monarchy, this film is pretty terrible
horrible.this movie is lame. so stupid, i feel like asking someone to stand on top of the empire state building and throw bricks at my head one by one while i'm on the ground. that would be awesome!
just awful.i am always looking for new christmas movies and found this one a few years back.  i knew right from the beginning that this one was no good.  the father is a struggling musician trying to make it big and neglects his family because of it.  basically he is a loser.  he dies in an accident and comes back as a snowman...yes, a snowman.  then he is suddenly trying to be father of the year..ah, er...snowfather of the year.  they try to tug at your heart strings but completely fall flat.  i don't even know how i was able to watch it all the way to the end...reminder about voting, you aren't supposed to give a negative vote because you don't agree with a review.  the vote is supposed to be submitted by those that have not seen the material and based on whether the review was helpful to them
it's not that bad....it's worse!.this movie was a total waste of time, money and film. it was awful on every level. the characters were lame and unbelievable, i had no sympathy for any of them. in most movies kevin costner is a generally a bland, cardboard actor to begin with, now combine that with a really badly written character, slow script, weak supporting roles and a predictable ending and you have this so-bad-it's-tragic movie. it isn't even "so bad it's good" material, it's just painfully bad and super boring. it's a shame too, because it's a good concept and they could have done a lot more with the story. instead they made a weak story with super-inflated budget. maybe if they spent less on all the explosions (which after a while ceased to be impressive) they could have hired some decent writers. i really kept wishing every character in the movie would blow up, drown or die a horrible death. this movie was a 'washout' in every way. waterbarf, waterweak, waterbad, waterbore...any nickname i could think of would not be bad enough. i would never watch this again even if someone paid me!
it is that bad..pros: .-interesting, albeit flawed concept..-great special effects. i wish more movies would would use less cgi...cons: .-insuferable characters. the little girl got on my nerves so much during the movie that i wish the mariner had just killed her..-stilted acting. all of the actors seem to be depressed that they're staring in this movie. the only one who seems to be having fun is dennis hopper. in fact, i would say he stole the show with his spirited performance. .-story makes no sense at all. this was probably what really made me hate this movie. how did they get their cigarrettes? its been "hundreds and hundreds" of years since water covered everything, and at the rate the deacon hands them out i am quite surprised they have any left. and since theres no land for tobacco farms, how would they make more? this is but one of the many plot holes in this film that ultimately ruin it. for example, how do they get gas? (i doubt that what is on the tanker has lasted as long as the movie would have you believe.) how do they get ammunition? how have giant sea creatures evolved in the little time since the ice caps melted? how do all the 20th century weapons and vehicles still work? i could go on and on...however, if you're willing to look past all this, you might enjoy the mindless, fun action movie beneath the thick layer of crap. if you must see it, rent it, but by no means is this movie worth the full price of a dvd
severely cut version. rating relate to the dvd, not to the movie!!.please note that my critique does not relate to the excellent picture staring kevin costner, jeanne tripplehorn and dennis hopper. it is not my intention to write another summary of the story line...maybe we are spoiled, but when we purchase a dvd, we expect to receive an uncut version. in fact, i have a 3 hours version of waterworld on my vhs tape. this dvd offers mere 2 hours of the story! you can imagine how many of the scenes are missing: whopping 1/3 of the movie is cut off!!  sure we will get to see a few scenes removed from syndication by censors. sadly, its the american way. but the matter of fact is, that the disappointment about the missing 33% of the movie is great. the scenes which we have not seen on the tv screen contain the mariner peeing into a bottle at the beginning, and later a glimpse of jeanne tripplehorn in nude, when she offers herself to the mariner to save enola. harmless, i suspect that the entire planet saw these scenes in the tv anyway, except for the united states. welcome to the world of cultural differences...furthermore, this dvd does not carry any stories behind the scenes, documentaries or interviews. i am sure that the publisher will than later release yet another waterworld dvd, or maybe even 2 dvd version, called (say) "collectors edition," and will try to sell it to us as well. ..if you have seen this movie, and maybe recorded it on tape, hold your breath, wait for the complete edition!
the worst dvd from rodney yee.i have many tapes from rodney yee and i expect more from this advenced dvd.
duped!.duped, duped, duped! i kept readin' stuff about 'you'll like this, if you're into doc savage' - well, i like doc savage and was not into this. it was excruciatingly dull and probably the hardest film i've ever made myself sit through to get my moneys worth. and, personally, if it had just come on tv and i'd never even heard of it.... i truly doubt i would have made a single doc savage connection. duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuped!!!!!!!!!!!
hollow and horrible!.don't know why dolph lundgren never got the chance to upgrade himself from the b or c movies to a level. all of his movies either sucked big time or totally lukewarm and mediocre, unworthy of wasting any time or word to give a detailed review, unlike steven seagal, who at least had some prime time then keep going down the hill, lundgren never reached any hilltop but always struggled in the deep valley with lousy screenplay, lousy dialogue, lousy plot, lousy scenario....and now he's trying so hard to come back before he becomes too old for being an action hero, he's even tried to direct couple of action movies recently. but sadly speaking, none of his tryings ever paid off, his movies still looked so deadbeat and sometimes even ridiculous. this one is not so exceptional from the other, except even more horrible and hollow. what a shame for a guy tried so hard but always failed
kung-fu serpico.well, i never thought i would see the day - but at last! a good dolph lundgren movie. having spent the last few years sitting through dire dreck like 'hidden agenda' and 'agent red' - all seemed to be lost for the swedish bruiser, but here he excels himself with a brutal and action-packed cop thriller that at least tries to rise above its direct-to-video roots...lundgren plays cop frank gannon, a long serving and hard-bitten cop in the direct action task force. when the time comes for gannon to blow the whistle on corruption that is taking place in his department by his fellow officers, they implicate him in a deadly drug scam. from then on, its gunfights, car chases and good old fashioned hand-to-hand combat as lundgren brings out the big guns in an effort to stay alive long enough to testify. he is partnered by plucky fellow cop polly shannon, who gets embroiled in the action, whether she likes it or not...the movie is nicely directed and makes the best use of an obviously limited budget. director sidney j. furie (who last collaborated with lundgren on the 'die hard' lite 'detention') here fills the running time with action, making up for the rather patchy script and tacky dialogue. the film makers have obviously realised that this direct-to-video 'quickie' needed an extra jolt of heavy violence and pretty much delivers 95 minutes of action - which is what is exactly required from a movie of this type. star lundgren is back in great shape and handles the 'hard man' role quite well - kicking, punching and shooting everyone in sight. polly shannon gives a strong performance as the unwilling side-kick and the generic bad guys are just that - generic. sneering, swearing and shooting up cars, buildings, etc - they come off as quite cartoonish, but overall they lighten the movie from just being another straight to video bore-a-thon...first looks' disc has a sharp picture and good sound. the extras include trailers and interviews with dolph lundgren about the film and behind the scenes fight footage. i was expecting a little more from these featurettes, but they are nothing more than minute long fillers and hardly enhance the disc's value. however, the movie is a strong (yet small) actioner that easily outdoes any of dolphs' recent efforts (or his future ones, if the dull as dishwater 'defender' is anything to go by) and seriously gets him back in the game against action video rivals van damme and seagal
direct to video action.no wonder with this bad film. one good cop goes against all his squad and testifies they are crooks, now they are trying to kill him. ..story flaws galore in this one. first of all, they try to convince you it is an american city, but make no attempts to hide the fact that it is shot in toronto. all the close ups of the ontario licence plates give it away...the filming style is bizarre. all kinds of unneeded shots of the industrial area of the city when they are suppose to be in the city. there is one scene when they are going to an apartment building but end up in a junkyard in a shoot out. ..dolph lungren is looking old and skinny in this one and his acting has not improved. he is still better than the girl playing his partner, i'm guessing she went back to her job as a waitress by now. there are a couple of unintentional laughs, like when the cops change cars the director decided to give their cars to the bad guys that are after them. couldn't they rent a couple other cars to make it look a bit more realistic? ..as far as the script, holes in this thing a mile wind. there are too many to mention, but it'll leave you scratching your head. i'd pass on this one unless your cable is out
not really intermediate.could have been better. now that i am definitely in need of advanced, leave alone intermediate, it was a disappointment. it gave only a couple of very basic inverted poses and that is all. i wish for a more advanced program with advanced versions of all poses and inverted poses
inapppropriate, vulgar behavior.this is the most misbehavig, over-rated, piece of garbage i have ever seen. i have watched this on t. v. before and this makes me sick. "robot chicken" is not appropriate for children (4 and under), and not for the eyes of little ones. even cartoon network tried to enertain kids and adults alike, but they really blew it this time. believe me, i've seen "family guy" and it has vulgar things, too. ..i know a movie/tv show when i see it, but this is at it's worst.
ghost train of a movie.fair enough this movie is now 26 years old, but i have no idea how it could of spawned so many sequels to be perfectly honest. i watched this for the very first time last week and i was painfully disapointed because i love a good old horror flick. you dont really get to see alot of gore in this movie, everyone just mysteriously vanishes and then turns up dead in a "ghost train" type manner, the type of ghost train that's in the lamest amusement park one could imagine. by ghost train i mean, dead bodies just pop out from nowhere in the most random of fashions. *spoiler to follow* one problem i had is that the mother was incapable of taking down a small fumbling blonde girl towards the end but had no problem killing the larger males of the group. the arrow thru the eye was a cool touch, but it would of been good to actually see it! ..to help pave the way for future horror flicks this is a decent start, but the storyline is really bad lo
wake me when it;s over.some will no doubt claim this is a powerful and moving movie, but the pace is so slow one can pop popcorn and do the dishes and not miss much. the action, when it comes, is harsh, cruel and grisly, painting a bleak picture of the terrain of early australian civilization, the race relations between whites and the aborigines, and the brutal underpinnings of what passed for society in a cruel and violent environment. the movie reminds us in a stark way that australia began as a criminal colony
cinematic pretension in high form..someone was telling me once about those underground fences you can buy for dogs. you bury the fence just out of sight underground. if the dog goes beyond the fence their collars give them an electric shock; the trick is you have to explain to the dog first where the fence is and what is going on, otherwise it is just cruel because they will be getting electric shocks and not know why. that is the only thing i could think of when i watched this movie...this movie is filled with horrific violence and nazi brutality. the problem is that this film never makes an effort to explain what is going on. you just have people being killed and beaten, people being lit on fire, people being shot, screaming families dying, tragedy, atrocity etc. but you don't know what is going on. you don't know who these people are. you don't know why they are doing this or what they are trying to accomplish. "come and see" is what would happen if you made "schindlers list" as an art film...from a technical standpoint they held a lot of shots way too long. you watch a vehicle drive on screen and the shot holds until it drives off into the distance. you could have shortened this film by a good  hour without loosing anything. and the little boy; i can only stand just so much horrified staring into the camera. that got old really quick and it comprised about a quarter of the film. yes. we get it. the boy is horrified; he is scarred for life. enough already. this film has all the subtlety of a cinematic sledgehammer...war is horrible; that is all this film has to offer. absolutely nothing else. i knew that already, but if a film is determined to shove that down my throat regardless, i really wish it wouldn't take 2 hours and 15 minutes to do it...either this movie thinks that its audience is incredibly stupid or it is just one of the most bombastic, self-indulgent films ever made
sold as x-rated, boxed as nc-17, video tv-ma.the ad for this video clearly states the film is rated x, so i thought i was getting the original film, or i would have never bought it because the version sent to me is the same one shown on fox movie channel. i had previously seen the nc-17 version and it is what prompted me to try and purchase the x rated version. if anyones sees the real nc-17 or the x-rated versions of this film they will see a great movie. buyer bewar
beyond the valley of the dolls.again, i ordered the dvd, but received a vhs..just because i'm in the movie, doesn't mean it's good.  i bought it for my collection.  something my grandchildren can see.......years from now
infested, or a sharp stick in the eye? take the stick..infested (josh olson, 2002)..it's really kind of impressive that a movie this bad doesn't get shelved somewhere along the line. and yet here it is, in all its painfully cheesy glory, on my screen, daring me to turn it off. i almost gave in to the temptation, but i kept watching. for you, dear reader, so i can give you a full account of the true horror to be found here-- the ninety minutes of your life that you will never be able to get back if you rent this movie and sit down to watch it. ..the story, what there is of it: a number of friends show up at the estate of one of their high-school buddies, who's killed himself. there's all the post-funeral bonding stuff, and everything's looking remarkably big chill when things go horribly, horribly wrong thanks to vicious, genetically-altered flies that possess humans and turn them into soulless murderers. yes, you got that right. ..as usual, the only reason to watch a movie like this is the cheesecake factor. any jo johnson plays the dead guy's girlfriend (well, ex, i guess), and there is an obligatory scene where she shows a whole lot of skin. it is not, however, an out-and-out nude scene. sorry, guys. there is also the gorgeous lisa ann hadley (general hospital/port charles), who's really starting to look like kate hodge. (this is a good thing. a very good thing.)..you're certainly not watching for the special effects, (amateur even by microbudget-indie standards), the acting (atrocious), the script (even worse), the direction (competent at best), the cinematography (ditto), the soundtrack (cheesy early eighties pop that should have faded into obscurity years ago), or, really, anything else. so it's gotta be the cheesecake. and that's all well and good, but you can do that on fast-forward. i strongly suggest that route. at least you'll waste less time on this. (half
trash, waste time.perhaps i might have a high expectation, but correct me if i am wrong, this movie is quite bad. besides the poor low-tech special effect, those actors and actresses really seem not knowing how to act. the plot doesn't make sense and never explains the cause and effect of the flies. this is a movie will make you shake your head at the end
attack of the mutant flies.the script outrageously lifts the opening set up from quot; the big chillquot; until the swarm of mutant flies shows up and attacks the cast. thats right mutant flies! the problem is that flies are not scary at all they do not have the shriek factor of spiders, scorpions or roaches. the terrible cgi effects do not help- there are a couple of effective suspense moments-but most of the action takes place in daylight which deminishes the scare factor
may be good for some people, but not me....guess its ok - but more of a quick intro to what home theater is, and the calibrations are difficult to do and don't seem to work easily in most cases...
avia guide outdated and useless with todays tv's.this dvd is badly outdated and should be removed from sale.  it is intended for use with crt based tv's, both regular picture tube and the outdated crt based projection tv's.  it really does nothing but mention that "in the future" lcd based tv's will be around.  it does nothing to explain or adjust for hdtv.  one major fault i find is that this is a dvd and as such plays from your dvd player into the dvd input on the tv.  my hdtv setup uses 4 different inputs:..directtv via hdmi input.dvd via component input (y/pb/pr)..vcr via s-video.outside antenna via co-ax cable input..with my sony kds-60a2000, any contrast/color setting changes you may make are input specific (changes made while using the hdmi input have no effect on the settings for the dvd/component input) .  you can view the "test patterns" only while watching the dvd, thus you cannot view the test patterns via the hdmi input (unless your dvd player runs thru the satellite or cable tuner)...i am sending the dvd back to amazon, hoping to get a refund
artsy flop.next to a night at the roxbury (another will ferrell zero) this is the worst movie i've ever seen. so maudlin and it dragged on and on and on. it could actually make the viewer pray for death to end the torture so i guess it has some authenticity. brad pitt's particularly bad - one facial expression (blank) and a painful monotone delivery. i think he got some award aptly represented by a carved wooden statue of keanu reeves. mr. brangelina jolie looks awful next to a brilliant thespian like anthony hopkins. bottom line: this movie stinks and so (ironically) does pitt
the greatest movie ever.my goodness, this movie is pure gold. i mean the character and plot development almost enticed me to watch past the first 30 minutes, unfortunately a voice deep within my soul beckened me to gouge the eyes out of my head with a rusty screwdriver rendering me blind and unable to see the film's ultimate climax
i wish no stars were an option.i believe catching every disease on earth at once would be more pleasant than watching this movie. it's not even worth a penny, which is probably how much they spent making this film. save yourself time, money, sanity and i.q. points run away!
crap movie, but adam sure can sing..this film is insane.  plot, what plot. the plot is total crap.  this film is the worst film i ever saw in my life and that is saying something...the only good thing in this movie is to hear adam singing...i cant believe how adam became a such a big star ather this movie.  this movie should have killed his acting career.  this show us how much of a talented actor is adam to go on to have a very big acting career and became a very big star in hollywood ather this movie.  if any other less talented actor had been the main star in that film, that person acting career would have been over...that how bad this movie is.  if you dont dont believe me, check out your self...i bet adam is looking back on this film and saying, "what was i thinking of staring in that film.  o well actor has to start somewhere"
dont do it..people are not joking or exaggerating when they say this is one of the worst movies they have seen.  it is actually on imdb's worst movies of all time (#21).  its not even worth describing how unfunny this movie is, even for adam sandler fans
join the club.this is not just the worst adam sandler movie. it is the worst movie of all time. in highschool me and some friends saw this at the store. we rented and watched it. we were mortified that they had actually made this movie. we then decided we were going to make a club. the only way you could get in was watch this movie. that is if you did not kill your self while watching and/or thinking about this film . awful, awful, awful.
what is this???.what a waste of time and money. why did i buy this? i don't know, maybe because adam was in it. what i found out was that they must have grabbed him before he even decided to become a star. this looks just like something you would see as a college project with a subject as what not to do to make a successful movie. ..adam sandler fans stay away. this will ruin your taste of one of the greatest comics out there
crummy crummy crummy.this is the worst movie i have ever seen! i turned it off it was so bad! i got it at wal-mart in like their $3 bin or something... they should have paid me to get it!
a definate low point in adam sandler's career.back in the late 80's adam sandler was on a mtv game show called "remote control".  he played various quirky roles.   you would have thought that some of that talent would have made it to this film.  ..this film is definately the worse movie that adam has ever been in.  adam's acting leaves a lot to be desired.  this film is a comedy with no laughs.
i wasted my money.i just watched this and was very disappointed.  the point of irish dance is the intricate footwork, and it was very difficult to see the footwork because the dancers wear all black on an all black floor. the lack of contrast made it difficult to see their feet or leg movements, and i ended up frustrated and annoyed. i purchased this dvd to get an overview of irish dance, but i could harldy see any. don't waste your money
not good for beginners.it seems that this is the only video out there to try and learn irish dance. i'm sure it's great if you already know how to dance, but as an absolute beginner, it just wasn't helpful for me and my friends
not impressed.this seems to be the only dvd out there to help people learn irish step dancing.  alot of her "performances" on the dvd do not seem like traditional dancing (some steps are, but not many).  definately not for someone wanting to learn the basics!
rediscovering my folks.this is a film that teachs you about  not only being a father but how to become a son, about being truthful to your roots and your futur
should've just bought the soundtrack.i was disappointed with this dvd.  i am not a dance fan but i do enjoy watching a good folk dance performance -- that is what i expected this to be but it was nothing like what i imagined.  the visual and audio were out of sync at times and that is especially disturbing when watching a tap/clogging performance.  the camera switched views much too frequently which was also very distracting.  if you think that you are getting three videos in one be careful -- "lord of the dance" and "feet of flames" are pretty much the same thing but done at different times and places with maybe some different costumes.  the performance was much too "artsy" for me but some people like it that way.  if i were to do it again i would just purchase the soundtrack
tape i received was defective..sorry, i cannot write a review for this product because the one i received would not play.  all other tapes i have received from amazon have been very good
warning - this is not a science fiction movie..oh it has all the trappings of a science fiction movie but its a horror film and its not really that scary.  don't waste your time on this one.  .just a tip for the writer, director, producer, if they are still making movies: next time make the crew seem more believable (i think astronauts get pretty rigid psychological screning and assume they will in the future) and please show me something scarier or crueler that what you showed here if you are doing a horror film.  this was lame stuff
crap floats in the toilet.... and in space.i went to the screening of this movie at paramount back in '97 and i remembered having a better reaction to this movie than the dissappointment i am now experiencing as i have just finished watching it on video...movie had a promising plot which others "back in the day" might have found interesting, however watching it now, i was only slightly amused but on the whole found the dialogue and concepts just plain goofy, aged, and somewhat painful to watch.  ..if you liked hellraiser and think that the portrayal of a dimension of pure "chaos and evil" is satisfied by glimpses of dismembered and impaled bodies that are hooked up with torture devices then you'll like this movie.  just don't bash those of us who don't cackle over campy and schocky gore...i have seen the "dark from within" in this film and i'm ready to blow the airlocks and leave event horizon behind me for good
too bad friday the 13th wasn't lucky for this movie.let's understand two things about slasher horror from the 1980's: first of all, they had a legacy of saturating their own market, and secondly, they were simple stories born out of the twilight of an ever changing world...with this in mind, it would be easy to point out what is wrong with jason goes to hell: the final friday- however for the sake of time, it might just as well be easier to point to what's right about it. the answer to that is: nothing! all you ever wanted to know about jason is revealed, and once you know the dark secret, it will haunt you- except for a small matter of cosmetics, the "dark secret" is the same as the lemon revealed a short time earlier in new line's bad "finale" to the nightmare movies. of course, the only nightmare about that film was having to admit that you paid to watch it- much the same with this piece of total garbage...jason, it would seem, is not merely a specter capable of regeneration with a great rage at those who he feels are responsible for both his own and his mother's demise. oh no, the dark secret is that if you can find someone who shares his father's blood line (cause lets face it, his mother was not born a voorhees), then you can see jason finally put to death, or you can see him re-born. guess what happens here...except the rebirth is anti-climatic because he is nothing more than the same twisted mass of flesh that he was before he was blown apart by bombs and bullets at the beginning of the movie. and apparently genetics has a preference for certain types of clothing, and a certain mask because he is reborn with both...in one laughable sequence, you would be forgiven for thinking "jason" (or as i'd like to refer to him as...the imposter) being reborn meant the world would end, however a mere 10 minutes or so after he was "reborn," he is also summarily killed again with an ancient dagger (who were the camp counselors who ignored jason as he died...some ancient sumarian or egyptian people or something? what's with the dagger that must be used? why does it look like an artifact?) supplied to his niece (oh, this is a long story, and is too tedious and boring to go through right now) who finds the linda hamilton in her to terminate the 'terminator.' you'll be in for your just desserts if you think this repulsive piece of junk is worth even five minutes of your time. of course, there is plenty of blood and gore (as the friday films always seem to have), and there is also plenty to gross you out- but if you think or feel anything towards the horror icon that made these films successful, you ought to take a pass on this one
worst one.this one is perhaps the worst one i've seen of the jason series. i couldn't even sit though it all.
almost good.i can respect director adam marcus for trying to pull away from the series and do something different, but we already had the bs ft13th movie: part v.  jason wasn't the killer.  technically, jason is the killer in this movie, but it's not really.  you'll see what i mean when you see the movie, and it is worth a see, but by the 7th or 8th movie, they were movies for the fans.  they stopped making them to be innovative by the 5th movie and were just making them to make money and entertain the audience.  adam marcus wanted to be innovative with jason goes to hell, and it doesn't work.  not for fans or an average audience.  there's nothing interesting about seeing random people who act like jason walking around and killing people, not to mention without the trademark machete.  they could've at least given these people a little personality with the machete, but whoever called that one thought they were doing the series a favor.  the introduction of jason having a sibling, niece, and now a great niece (i think?) by the 9th movie in the series is a little too late, sorry.  we would've had to know about these people by at least the 3rd or 4th movie to make us care about their struggle.  another thing:  jason as a snake/demon creature crawling around the floor?  hmm... i wasn't under the impression that jason was really evil in the first place.  let me explain:  jason has been made out to be mentally/physically disabled.  if ginny in part 2 was able to convince him that she was his mother by wearing her sweater, than jason isn't evil at all, he just loves his mom and kills all the victims because he believes that they're responsible.  so, jason as a wierd little hell creature doesn't necessarily work when bringing it into the context of the other movies.  the design of jason's actual appearances in the movie doesn't make sense either.  what happened between part 8 and 9 to get his mask somehow buried and melded into his face?  why does he look fat?  where did his hair come from?  at least part 8 had some respect for the look and personality of jason, while it might not have been the best in the series it was at least satisfying to see him the way we know him, and not make drastic changes which don't even benefit his appearance.  adam marcus, i can respect you for trying to make your own movie, and yeah, it's definately yours.  don't try and make your own movie the 9th movie in a series of movies that are about the fans, and don't bs the fans with your idea of an improvement of the series...i'd say, fans should see this movie just to see it.  it's worth the view and the surprise cameo at the end.  *wink*
jason goes to hell - the final friday.jason goes to hell - the final friday~ adam marcus is the first movie that is not in the hands of paramount pictures and part nine is controlled by new line cinema. i guess after having had the rights to 8 friday the 13th movies they got a little tired of olde jason. the movie starts out at crystal lake which makes no sense at all since last time we saw jason was in new york. but i guess he bought an airline ticket or simply flew back. but i guess being undead he could have walked all the way home also. this move delves into another level of mediocracy and the scene with the beating heart after he is blown up is just so lame. the script is downright awfull and the dialogue is even worst. i wish i could give it scero stars but since this option is not available i am forced to give it one. which frankly and honestly is one star too many. the acting is some of the worst acting i have seen in a long time and is right up there with the classic movie malibu bikini shop and other terrible movies like it. the morgue scene is so stupid. the special effects are downright shoddy and look cheap even for a 1993 movie.  the dialogue is downright awfull and is filled with many clichs and this looks just like a cheap made for tv movies. then again this is the ninth movie in the seemingly endless friday the 13th series. watch it only if you are a super die hard friday the 13th fan series, otherwise this turkey of a movie can be totally avoided. even for me that generally like this series this movie was so awfull that after suffering the first gruelling 45 minutes i had to turn it off since i was realizing that i was watching pure garbage and did not want to waste any more of my time on this sorry excuse of a movie
please.  go see the hidden instead.  this was worse than shocker..just stop it.
great cover...and a great coaster for drinks as well.eh...despite the hype about this director and the smashing style of lead villian kakihara (the one on the cover), this has the air of some tarantino wannabe with an extensive collection of crappy techno trying to make an "edgy" action movie. the gore is pretty extensive, but it's such cheesy cgi that you might as well be watching any random ultra-violent anime...most of the characters are either annoying (ichi) or two-dimensional (pretty much everyone else) and the acting is straight out of college film class. i've heard great things about visitor q and audition, but based on this they've moved from the middle of my "buy" list to the bottom of my "rent" list.
yawn!!.since my husband and i watch a movie almost every night (yes, we have no lives), i thought from now on i'd include his thoughts as well.   ..wife (me):  while i thought this movie started out well enough and i liked the premise as well as the setting,the story never really went anywhere.  i really liked patricia clarkson in "pieces of april," so i was expecting a bit more.  not a very good movie and i would not recommend it to my family or friends. there are too many movies of this genre to waste any time or money on this.  it went downhill really fast in the last thirty minutes. i give it two stars. ..husband:  i made fun of the movie the entire time it was on (yawn sound effects, rolling my eyes,etc.).  the whole "girl's school" thing sounded "interesting" to me, but ten minutes into it i was asking my wife how, with thousands of movies to choose from, does she manage to find these "gems."  no, no, a thousand times no!!  one star, men will hate this movie.
there's a reason this went straight to dvd.......it's not very good.  like the blind sheep i am, i bought this movie on amazon based on the (mostly) glowing reviews it garnered, which is fairly rare for a straight-to-dvd horror movie.  now i really wish i had saved my $20.  although it was great to see bruce campbell in a film again (for his five minutes, anyway), his cameo wasn't enough to make this film likeable - nor was patricia clarkson's well-acted turn as the headmistress.  the movie began well, but it soon disintegrated into a snooze-fest.  i found the pseudo-1965 theme to be irritating because, for the most part, the dialogue and attitudes of the main characters did not seem true to "period" to me.  the plot was cheesy, disconnected at times, and strung out with a hurried and fairly predictable ending.  i suppose the production is fairly good, but it's not anything you haven't seen before.  ..i hadn't heard of lucky mcgee prior to buying this movie and didn't buy it based on his name.  unfortunately, i doubt i'll intentionally buy anything else directed by him after watching this, either.
suspiria....the woods is definitely not.two things caused me to give this film a rental: the comparisons to "suspiria" and bruce campbell. combining these two elements, this movie should have been a no-brainer. most modern horror movies lack the sense of tension of the movies of the 80's and before. for example, "halloween" is pretty tame in the gore department but the atmosphere, camera work and music combine to give the viewer the feeling of "what's going to happen next?" throughout. i can't think of one modern horror movie; aside from "high tension", that creates that same sense of dread...well, you can toss "the woods" into the "nice try" pile with the likes of other modern pseudo-horror like "hostel". the premise is moderately similar to "suspiria" in that both movies include witches and a school surrounded by woods but there is where the similarities end abruptly. the set pieces themselves are moderately good to a point but the way this film is lit, it is hardly intimidating at all. it reminds me of hogwarts. sadly, the girls in this school are able to scare the viewer in the same way harry potter might, which is to say that if you are 6 years old and harry potter movies cause you to leap from your seat, "the woods" might be up your alley if you are seeking a good scare...with that said, the plot or story really unimportant. basically, the school is run by witches and the woods surrounding the school are haunted by three witches from the 1800's. this might be somewhat effective if the witches in the school were a little creepier than the ones we are given but again, the intimidation factor is on par here with that of some cheesy halloween made-for-tv movie on abc family channel. the death knell for me (aside from the snail's pace  at which this movie plods along) was the main antagonist -- the woods themselves. the trees come to life and claim victims inside the school, specifically the one that sleeps in the bed at the end near the window. game over...nope, not even bruce campbell could save this movie from being an overhyped letdown. in addition, lucky mckee's entry in the masters of horror series "sick girl" was also only moderately interesting in premise only. the actual episode was hampered by poor acting by the lead actress and a complete lack of horror sensibility. so, if you truly must see "the woods", give it a rental first and then decide if a purchase is absolutely necessary. for my money, i'll just watch "suspiria" instead, as it blows this movie out of the water
don't do it!.this so-called "movie" is actually six short stories competing to be dumb, dumber and dumbest.  the actors and actresses seem to have been recruited from a nearby homeless shellter.  don't miss the chance to pass on this one
so so.his girl friday is an ok movie about newspaper reporters in the early part of the 20th century.  i think it was supposed to be funny, and it may have been at the time, but most of the dialog was lost on me
disgusting!.the viuals were good, the actors were bad and the story line just blows
great visuals but couldn't stomach the horrible dialogue.i am a big fan of frank miller's work and i loved reading the graphic novels the movie was adapted from. when i saw this film i was blown away by the visuals. it had an amazing graphic style that was very different than anything i had seen in a movie before...having mentioned it's good points i have to say i was enormously disappointed with the dialogue and some of the story adaptation to screen. it seems to me those involved in the screenplay and production were too concerned with adapting this in an overly faithful manner from the graphic novel to the big screen. for the most part the bad dialogue and some of the terrible acting in parts were just too painful to sit through. i had to keep checking to see if my ears were bleeding yet...each extraordinarily bad line or horribly acted sequence made we wince like i was being mugged. what works in a graphic novel doesn't necessarily work as well when adapted directly to screen without a bit more adaptation than you'll see here. all the characters were severely and tragically 2-dimensional with none of the depth you get from reading the graphic novel and very little attention was paid to developing better dialogue suitable for a big screen experience. also, many of the big name actors in this movie were capable of much better performances than they displayed here...purists and rabid fans of the graphic novel may be capable of somehow finding a way to look past all the terrible acting and awful dialogue that is rife throughout the film. however, my bottom line opinion is it's a good film to watch for the visual look only, but you will almost certainly enjoy it far more if you keep the 'mute' button on. this film had the potential to be truly great but it is extremely disappointing that it fell so far short of that mark
drunks made me wanna get drunk.ok, first of all i've been to aa and lemme tell you it's not anything like the people in this movie... most people don't like to ramble on and on at aa meetings like every single person in this movie did. (i actually was forced to watch this at an alcohol class i had to take for a dwi)..i will admit addiction is a bitch, but these characters are over the top and unrealistic. ..sidenote: and this is coming from me someone whose been hospitalized for alcohol withdrawal, malnutrition, and drug 'overdoses' (when someone takes you to the er cause they think your gonna die) probably about 8 or 9 times (i went through a bad 5 year period in my life but i'm allot better now) .and i even had sex in rehab the highlight of my alcoholism!..my point is people who act like the people in this movie end up dead or in prison like 5 minutes after they leave there house. (example: the jerry lewis character "jim" i think it was.. he was trying to mainline heroin after he'd drank a fifth of whiskey a 6 pack of 24oz (= a 12 pack) and a dozens of mixed drinks at the bar...  ok, if he wasn't getting close to having alcohol poisoning and dying the heroin would have killed him right then and there.  the simple fact is real life addicts like this aren't addicts, they are statistics because they die...that's why this movie is unrealistic.  people in aa want help, not a pity party  ... and that's why i didn't like this movie, there is way to much "look at me, my life is horrible" whining...i mean even with all the bad things that happen to me i'm still pretty happy with my life, and have hope for the future =)..now i'm going to go buy a good movie that will make me happy..b/c this movie is a slap in the face to alcoholics and it'll only make you wanna drink even more.
glad it's not titled amp;quot;recoveryamp;quot;.after reading some of the reviews posted here, i decided to buy the movie. i expected a somewhat accurate view of an aa meeting and those involved in recovery.  .  . what i got was a movie with a wack-pack of mentally ill, self-centered individuals, self absorbed and rambling about their current quot;troubles of the dayquot;. if it were not for the aa window shades and slogans on the wall, i would have thought it was a remake of "cuckoo's nest".  .  . if i were the guy who "didn't have the problem" i would have left, dialed 911 and waited for the boys from bellevue to show up.  .  . richard lewis was right. better to get drunk than listen to those nuts. where's my bottle and where is my refund
this dvd really sucks even thow im a big survivor foan.this dvd really sucked becuse there wernt any chalanges and they showed all the votes and when he was reding the votes they skiped to the last vote plus somany intervuies with the castaways. i hope the complete first season has challanges and all that kind of stuff
bummer highlight dvd.  but,  yes the gay man won!.bummer!  this is only a 2-hour-15 minutes dvd of highlights from the first survivor.  the nudity is nothing really.  a rear-end shot of one survivor and richard sitting down "tucked under" and walking naked.  but no private parts seen here.  having not seen all of the episodes of survivor. i was hoping for a complete, unedited, uncensored version, with all episodes collector's dvd set.  i guess it is not possible.  one special feature is the "survivor: inside the phenomenon", a 20-minute documentary, which i found to be quite interesting, especially how fair the game is, the exhausting hard work producer, mark burnett and the art department can do, and how they managed to surprise the challenge survivor winner, sean, with a surprise visit from his father on the yacht at such short notice.  how they got his father there at such short notice is remarkable
only clips not the entire show..only clips not the entire show.  like watching an overvie
beautiful and unique, but oddly frustrating.dancing on dangerous ground is best described as a ballet expressed through the medium of irish dance. the costuming is modern and the acts form a very cohesive story (much more so than riverdance), but the superposition of romance, tragedy, and war on a dance invented for celebration seems...contradictory at best. ..the performance is technically excellent, and for some, the military scenes alone will make the dvd worth it. but the irish legend - a tale of a first officer and a queen who betray their king not unlike lancelot and guinevere - has griana truncating her forms so as not to bounce too much during her lament, and both leads trying to express longing without breaking irish posture during their romance. in that sense, watching dancing on dangerous ground is kind of like admiring a painting of the sunset over a tropical beach done in glorious black and white. even if you think black and white photography is beautiful, and love sunsets and the tropics, you end up wishing that the painter had chosen to change either the subject, or the medium. ..the one place where medium and subject do work well is in the military scenes, where irish precision is put to amazing use; then the watcher can feel the rhythm and the power conveyed, even through the tv screen. but in the scenes in between, i found myself craving a no-hold-barred energetic number that expressed the joy of irish dance (like the ones which made riverdance famous), and wishing for the full upper-body expression of a ballet during some oddly stilted during laments and romantic scenes. ..as an irish dance piece it's well executed, and as a ballet the costuming is inventive and the music beautiful, but there's an odd quality to watching it. sometimes it gives the impression of muted color, sometimes of undersold majesty, but always there's the feel that the passion, while *almost* there, is somehow still missing.
you've got to be kidding.after seeing feet of flames, lotd and riverdance, other shows are hard-pressed to even come close to the adrenalizing delivery of the aforementioned productions.  ..one of the main characters in the show, an older gent, walks around the stage throughout the production which starts out as simply awkward because everyone around him is dancing and he's pretty much a statue.  it eventually becomes flat out annoying because in a show full of irish dancers, he does nothing but grimace and stand around...it's unfortunate the talents of jean butler and colin dunne came up with something as weak as dodg.  you watch each number with disappointment hoping the next will turn things around but it never happens.  the story had potential but this show becomes nothing more than soda without the fizz.  no wonder it died financially and never reached the states
1/4 of the movies.these are some of the best movies of all time!    .but some very important scenes were cut out of the movies..like in  happy gillmore when happy gets even with ben stiller, .also in billy madison when billy plays kickball..these scenes were cut from this collection. .i reccomend buying the whole movie
visually stunning. but a terriable movie.boring. long. it stars jack black, which automatically makes it bad. but the drawn-out story just makes it worse...on the positive side, it looks good. hd-dvd is a winner. and the fairly reasonably priced xbox 360 hd-dvd adapter is well worth every penny
they tried.this movie well it was boosted up like it was something really great. it had its moments but man. it had its weak times too. the little monster in this movie was just screaming like a girl the whole movie and that was really annoying. you can check it out. i didn't like it too much though. oh well thats my opinion. maybe you can find some good in it.
no fun to be had at this "house".tobe hooperis a good director most of the time, and i like his movies but this one made during the early 80's slasher craze is just to thin and weakly done to scare or even make you chill. the story of two stupid coupoles who stay the night in a funhouse at a carnival,see a mutant kill someone and are hunted down by him in the fun house is just not good or done well enough to hold intrest even at 95 min. or less it feels padded and just runs way to long. gore hounds will not like the small amount of gore there is and with no story or people to care about you are left with just a silly movie that is hard to watch
the funhouse  (1981).director:  tobe hooper.cast:  elizabeth berridge, shawn carson, jeanne austin, jack mcdermott, cooper huckabee, largo woodruff, miles chapin, david carson..running time:  96 minutes.rated r for violence, gore, language, and nudity...two young couples, amy (elizabeth berridge) and her boyfriend buzz (cooper huckabee) plus liz (largo woodruff) and her boyfriend richie (miles chapin) decide to visit a carnival while it's in town. they visit the various lame attractions the carnival has to offer like a magician, a strip show, a fortune teller, and a freak show complete with two headed cows and deformed babies. completely out of nowhere total knuckle head richie suggests that they spend the entire night in the carnivals funhouse, and all hell breaks loose when amy's little brat of a brother joey (shawn carson) visits the carnival on his own to wreck their fun.  once in the funhouse they hide and get ready for a long night, but their plans are foiled when joey mistakenly disrespects a mutant manaic and he decides to go on a killing rampage.  from then on the friends must survive as they are hunted down one by one. ..the flick suffers a blow by giving us nobody to root for. the teenage "protagonists" are wholly unlikeable: they smoke pot like they're sipping soda out of a can, they steal money from strangers, they are stupid enough to want to spend the night in a carnival attraction, and they commit the unpardonable horror movie sin of fornication, all except for the female lead, of course, although she isn't even interesting enough to be engaging. the dialogue in the film is flat, and it has no success in establishing any characterizations on behalf of the would-be victims. "the funhouse" is also one of those movies where the villains seem to know exactly where their victims will be standing, like directly on top of a trap door that is conveniently deployed right on cue. the machinery of the funhouse also knows exactly how to deposit dead bodies so that they will stop exactly in front of our screaming victims.  suspension of disbelief aside, "the funhouse" stirs up some uncomfortable feelings when the filmmakers use their "monster" to get scares out of the audience, then tell us he's simply deformed. in reality, he is one of the only sympathetic characters in the movie, and the film's climax is the only portion that packs a wallop: the script pits the only two characters in the film worth caring about against one another...tobe hooper throws in some sly references to "texas chain saw massacre", even if it does involve the gratuitous and illogical use of swinging hooks (haw haw), but by the time the movie delivers any real shudders, it's too late. ironically, novelist dean koontz was hired to write a movie tie-in novel for "the funhouse", which was published under the psuedonym owen west. koontz fleshed out the story considerably, adding some great touches that the filmmakers would have been wise to exploit in their own movie. too bad, because koontz's treatment may have given hooper a bigger, sharper hook on which to hang this film.  the only real memorable portion of the film is hooper's homage to "psycho" and "halloween" in the creepy opening sequence
has lost poirot  lost his little grey cells?!.i am very disappointed in these new movies of poirot. i am a great fan of these mysteries as they first appeared, with the interest being placed not on the dramatics but on good acting and a more subtle sense of humor. that is no more. the characters are over dramatized and even poirot reacts emotionally at times, as though he had lost his little grey cells. and the camera work in the mystery of the blue train made it difficult to even focus on the screen. i miss the more refined and fun poirot of old, and probably will regretfully not buy more of these more recent versions
truly awful....i have seen some truly terrible films in my time, however this utter piece of crap surely takes the cake. even the prospect of seeing the gorgeous angelina jolie naked did not save this film from artistic hell. if your idea of eroticism is showgirls or basic instinct then you are bound to love this piece of trash
worthless, except for tarantino's cameo."sleep with me" would be completely worthless if not for a quentin tarantino cameo in which he riffs on the homosexual undertones of "top gun."  that lasts about two minutes.  the remainder of the film is just dull relationship philosophy spouted by pretentious, ersatz neo-bohemian characters. except for tarantino's "top gun" bit (and the twenty seconds or so when parker posey has her shirt off) there's nothing worthwhile here
very classy show.makes you feel like jumping off a bridge- but it's cool if you wanna go back in time to the best decade ever- the 80's. .the pregnant girl spike has an awful hair do, even for the 80s, and gets knocked up at like 14. she's kind of annoying, but funny if only to watch that horrible hair do. then there's the skanky school president who puts on slutty outfits when she gets to school. (otherwise her mom would freak) she's kinda fun.....but the outfits and make up she wears make her look ugly. i dont know how she thought she looked sexxy that way. she looked better without the make up, and normal clothes. the long skirts were ugly, however. speaking of ugly, i dont recall one attractive actor in the entire show. not only that- but they were dreadful actors! they must of been children of the directors, producers, whoever came up with the show, whoever had the $ to get their kid on the show, etc. nonetheless it was a crappy show, you can maybe enjoy if your feeling depressed.
dire.as i write this, 'the fly' has a 2-disc collector's edition within the public's reach. basically, that makes this purchase downright wrong...'the fly 2', despite clearly having energy invested in it, is a disgrace. everything shamefully pales in comparison to the original; direction, cinematography, set design, acting (of course), score. basically every element that makes a film is downgraded about, say, eighteen levels with this sequel. there are a few scenes that work on their own (a horribly mutated dog painfully crawling to a bowl of mush moved me a good deal, surprisingly, and wasn't ineptly conceived like most the other scenes in the running time, also providing a parallel to a pretty great final scene (again out of the blue). overall, though, this movie is a terrible mistake...'the fly', to me, is a masterpiece of modern cinema (though flawed, like most), and '2' should have never been greenlit. nothing original comes about in the storyline or subtext, so it's essentially like watching a butchered, amateur version of a classic. that is, before the film succumbs to a pathetic attempt at a b-grade monster flick. i'm talking made-for-tv quality... and mediocre tv quality at that... you'd think, given the director of this sequel was the mad genius behind the special effects in cronenberg's film, we'd at least bare witness to some impressive (if superficial) aesthetics. but, what i've learned so much in comparing these two films -- and what's truly a learning experience that, the more i think about it, the more important a realization it really is -- lighting and the creation of appropriate ambience is just as critical as anything in any given film. seriously -- and i mean this -- the few moments where goldblum, with his ever-growing bug eyes, gives his 'insect politics' speech and stares into the gleeming blue sky with a horrifying sense of wonder, are worth infinitely more than the near two hour runtime of this dead on arrival monster. in that particular scene -- despite goldblum's mesmerizing performance and an unforgettable monologue -- the stunning fly transformation effects, combined with particular shades of breathtakingly dramatic color selections and a pulsating, melancholy twilight bring out of its audience powerful emotions few films can grasp. you can have the most talented, brilliant special effects crew in the world, but without the elements i mentioned, they just come across as cheap and, quite frankly -- in the case of 'the fly 2' -- ghastfully bad...avoid it entirely. it's not even worth it as an act of sheer curiosity. then again, the knowledge i personally derived described above is pretty invaluable -- though, granted, this is a guy who has only taken the most trivial of film classes. but, if there's 'any' reason to bring it into your home, that's gotta be it
mumbling, muttering mess.a documentary about robert moog, one of the most important figures in electronic music?  yes, please, sign me up.  alas, this premise goes awry from the outset.  this mishmash of a documentary feels like a collection of outtakes from a better work.  i don't need to see robert moog talking about pepper plants and money mark diddling around on a synthesizer.  .     moog demonstrates that sometimes it's best to not rely on the subject of the documentary as the subject matter expert of the film.  robert moog is not the most well-spoken advocate and historian of his life's work.  likewise, showing the electronic guts of his machines doesn't do much to explain how they work or why moog's work is important to the music world. .     when utilizing archive footage, moog works.  unfortunately, these moments are few and far between leaving moog a mumbling, muttering mess for its interminable seventy-two minutes.  moog and electronica deserve better
this giant deserves better.this wonderful pioneer of electronic music deserves to be praised and studied.  this documentary does neither - it consists of long, tedious diatribes by people like rick wakeman.  that's about it..and how can you offer a documentary about moog without mentioning wendy carlos, much less interviewing her?.don't bother with this one
artsy flop.next to a night at the roxbury (another will ferrell zero) this is the worst movie i've ever seen. so maudlin and it dragged on and on and on. it could actually make the viewer pray for death to end the torture so i guess it has some authenticity. brad pitt's particularly bad - one facial expression (blank) and a painful monotone delivery. i think he got some award aptly represented by a carved wooden statue of keanu reeves. mr. brangelina jolie looks awful next to a brilliant thespian like anthony hopkins. bottom line: this movie stinks and so (ironically) does pitt
beware this "bootleg" dvd.royal wedding isn't on dvd yet. that's because the owner of the film, warner bros. hasn't released it yet...but several other companies have, under the "guise" of public domain. the original copyright on the film was not renewed properly with the library of congress, so the film is perceived to be public domain, although the music is very much copyrighted and every distributor of this movie is participating in copyright infringement by selling these "bootlegs"...the companies make the money, because they're selling other people's property...the people who ultimately suffer are you, the consumer, unknowingly buying products of inferior (worse than professional vhs) quality, thinking you're getting the real thing, because it's a dvd...save your money. wait until warner bros. gives us the real thing.thing.....and by the way, the movie gets 4 stars, it's the cheapo bootleg dvd that gets 1 star!
nice dancing and music, but very dull.this movie would have been a complete failure if fred astaire hadn't starred in it. i found it to be exceptionally dull. except for "i lost my hat in haiti" and "you are", and footage from the actual wedding of a member of the british monarchy, this film is pretty terrible
disney  (post  walt) attempts to go darker and falls on its face..okay i agree the dragon's great. so what! the silly movie stinks and the story takes egregious, insulting slaps at christianity for no apparent reason. the movie would have played just as well without the anti-christian bigotry, so why include it? maybe it was a  marketing strategy to try and spice up what is basically a silly children's fantasy or maybe it seemed to make sense to insult the 95% of the audience that's christian. who knows what the thinking may have been. heck, maybe the filmmakers are bigots. try to imagine another religious group being portrayed as unflatteringly. it would never happen. besides that, the two lead actors are unattractive and the movie has scenes inappropriate for children (like the dead body of the princess being eaten by dragons). how (or why) this lousy movie has achieved cult status  makes me think its insulting, bigoted slaps at christianity are reason enough in some circles. so be it. if people wonder what gave rise to the christian right they should take a good look at movies (and other entertainments) like this. it's a simple fact of human nature, people will only take so much and then they respond.
boooooo!!!!!.hollywood is a broken apparatus and a creative wasteland, bereft of ideas and terrified to try anything new for fear of not reaping guranteed gargantuan returns on their bloated budgets. so, they play safe. they do re-makes. now they're so desparate to support their habits that they're doing re-makes of movies that aren't even old yet. ..the new version deviates from the original by making the victims "bad kids" who do naughty things like drugs and premarital sex. that is standard cookie-cutter horror formula. they've been neglecting the genre for so long that they have no idea how to make a horror movie anymore. in the wake of the success of horror movies that were made without hollywood, like blair witch project and ringu, they're suddenly trying to cash in, but since they haven't been cultivating the resources necessary to grow fresh product, the only direction they can go is backwards. they don't know what they're doing, they're just aping the true masters of horror. hollywood couldn't scare the fish. ..the question remains:.who needs it? why settle for the johnny-come-lately knock-off when you can have the creme de la creme? the original 1974 texas chainsaw massacre is one of the most horrifying films, if not the single most horrifying film, ever. ..as long as we keep rewarding laziness, we can continue to expect the dearth of ideas to continue indefinitely, and those of us seeking something original will be stuck reading subtitles...if you have seen neither, and you're ready for something really scary, get the original. ..at the very least, please see the original before you see the knock-off.
no not again!.when will people learn to stop remaking already good movies like psycho, hills have eyes, and amityville horror. tcm remake is just a retarted and dumbed down version of the original get the real texas chainsaw massacre if you wan't a good horror flick.
did i really just spend my night watching this?.i must have been really desperate for mindless entertainment! i agree, there were some pretty good old songs though.
why do i need another copy of this?.added.      - 5 whole minutes .      - documentary about how to make a great movie suck by     making it a broadway production...deleted.      - karaoke version of five songs from the soundtrack: hold me now, do you really want to hurt me, every little thing she does is magic, rappers delight, white wedding..worth the extra $13 - i think not..i suppose if you are one of the four people on the planet that doesn't own this classic there is a option of which edition to purchase, for the rest of us, it's just not worth it.
disappointment.this is the worst sopranos season. tony in a coma went on for too long without a reason, same goes with vito's story...i think they were trying too hard with this homosexuality thing. if they really wanted to do these two, they could've sumarized it in two episodes and move one with more important things which is something that is lacking in this season. if you cut all the fat and go straight to the point and to the real relevant stuff that happened, this season would've been 5 episodes to say the least. buying this is really not worth it, especially when its going to be released as part i and ii. this is really something i didnt expect from this guys. anyway, if you really want to catch up with whats going on go to block buster or any other movie rental or wait for some re-runs.
nothin' like the book....when the beginning of this movie opened i was absolutely sure i wouldn't like it.  it started out so far from the book it was laughable.  first of all, the main character in the movie was shane, however in the novel the main character happened to be the little boy named bob (aka joey as seen in the movie).  bob was the narrator of the entire book and we see what happens through a little boys' eyes.  not just as an observing fly on the wall, watching everything happen around it.  secondly, i didn't exactly enjoy the way it was so lacking in accuracy.  when shane first arrived at the starrett farm in the novel he was wearing all black, and there seemed to be a lot of detail in the way bob noticed him.  while in the movie there was very little in describing shane through the boy's thoughts.  it seemed that the child said very little at all and had even less running through his mind.  however if you wanted my honest opinion on the movie itself, i'd have to say it was good.  i didn't have any problems with the acting in this film and found that the fight scenes were very much like the ones depicted in the novel.  i'd recommend this movie to anyone who has not read the book
ahh, the country life.i like to find movies in which current "stars" were not yet household names.  i enjoyed kate beckinsale in such recent films as 'underworld' and 'van helsing' and this plot line of one of her earlier films, sounded humorously entertaining.  ..kate plays an orphan, flora poste, who goes to live with your long lost cousins at cold comfort farm.  flora likes organization and finds very interesting ways of making her cousins see their true paths in life (often leaving the farm to do so), while simplifying and keeping her life organized.  she's a very charming control freak.  the film has a true, understated british humor and charm with many great one-liners, but i can't say that i found the film to be "hysterically" funny, nor worth the repeat view.  i strongly suggest greenfingers (clive owens) and saving grace (craig ferguson and brenda blethyn) as alternatives in the category of "not yet a household name".
disappointed.i definitely should have rented this first.  one of my favorite workout videos is karen's "burn and firm".  but i was getting bored with it.  so, i bought this one to spice it up...and the first day was just portions of "burn  firm"!  i was definitely disappointed, and have not picked it up again
why do i need another copy of this?.added.      - 5 whole minutes .      - documentary about how to make a great movie suck by     making it a broadway production...deleted.      - karaoke version of five songs from the soundtrack: hold me now, do you really want to hurt me, every little thing she does is magic, rappers delight, white wedding..worth the extra $13 - i think not..i suppose if you are one of the four people on the planet that doesn't own this classic there is a option of which edition to purchase, for the rest of us, it's just not worth it.
the worst, simply the worst.i own and cherish every other season of voyager, except for this season. i literally found myself bored and nauseated by the writing, the characters, the clichs, and the pointless introduction of the "borg children" which made no sense dramatically and when the much improved season 7 rolled around, they quickly jettisoned them. there were 2 great episodes (one being voyager conspiracy and unimatrix zero) but out of 24, not great odds. adding to this the horrible return of the beloved kes, this season they had a different producer at the helm and lack of writer brannon braga, and my god does it show
do not waste your money!!!.i did not like this video or the weight loss balance ball at all.  this is not really a good workout and it is very easy to hurt yourself.  if you want to waste your time and money then it's perfect for you otherwise shop around some more
maybe best for the extreme beginner at working out..i purchased this dvd as i have never taken a balance ball class, wanted to be sure to learn the basics like correct form, etc., and didn't want to start out with something too advanced. i was impressed by the positive reviews for this dvd, however, i found the whole dvd to be geared more for those who were totally new to exercise, all together.  i would recommend this for seniors as it would be really beneficial for that age group and those with a similar level of fitness, flexibility and energy.  i purchased a couple other balance ball dvd's that i really liked, including one with susan deason teaching, so at least i had something to compare to before writing this.  i will donate this dvd to the library so that it may be of use to someone else
not good for those who want to learn scratching.i have seen many scratch videos and this is not good for learning, he's just doing diferent types of scratching but with no detailed information on how to do it. if you want to see qbert scraching get it, but if you are looking for learning how to scratch you should try "turntable technique - the art of the dj" by berklee press, book-video  records
tarentino clone..ok performances in a completely predictable story.  nothing new here, living off tarantino's success filmmakers, producers and writers rewrite his film over and over, as in fall time
prison of boredom.the movie was very boring. it was a low budget movie with a low budget of excitement. i had to watch this movie four times before i was able to watch the movie in its entirety, because each time i tried i constantly fell asleep
a cautionary tale, badly acted, written and directed.a selfish, stupid woman engages in white collar crime, and goes to prison for her misdeed. i say stupid, because she could have paid a modest fine and gotten away with her crime, but chose instead to gamble with her and her family's future by trusting her lot to a jury of her peers. they judged her as harshly as i did...once in prison, she is exposed to life's realities, possibly for the first time in her wretched existence. seeing various and sundry sordid occurences beyond her middle class ken, she decides to meddle in the affairs of others (possibly motivated by petty jealousy, since she isn't getting any drugs or sex from the handsome male prison guards)...to make a long story short, her rabble rousing is eventually heard in washingtonm d.c., a senator takes more than a passing interest in her, and her sentence is commuted to a home curfew. i guess the moral of the story is white collar criminals are better suited to country club prisons...if you have nothing whatsoever to do, your dvd player is broken, and you don't feel like cleaning the oven, this movie might possibly entertain. otherwise avoid at all costs
so boring..i tried this a few times, but found myself fast forwarding to different moves.  i've never been able to complete it.  you repeat the same moves over and over again.  i definitely don't recommend this dvd
good cast and scenery don't make up for a story so far removed from mr dumas' incredible book.the cast was good as was the the movie in general were it not for the fact that the story was so different from the actual book.  it was a real dissappointment to say the least
ghost train of a movie.fair enough this movie is now 26 years old, but i have no idea how it could of spawned so many sequels to be perfectly honest. i watched this for the very first time last week and i was painfully disapointed because i love a good old horror flick. you dont really get to see alot of gore in this movie, everyone just mysteriously vanishes and then turns up dead in a "ghost train" type manner, the type of ghost train that's in the lamest amusement park one could imagine. by ghost train i mean, dead bodies just pop out from nowhere in the most random of fashions. *spoiler to follow* one problem i had is that the mother was incapable of taking down a small fumbling blonde girl towards the end but had no problem killing the larger males of the group. the arrow thru the eye was a cool touch, but it would of been good to actually see it! ..to help pave the way for future horror flicks this is a decent start, but the storyline is really bad lo
don't waste your money.i bought this dvd with much anticipation. boy was i dissapointed. most of the songs chicago sang were off key. yikes! earth wind and fire were better. at least they weren't singing flat. i would buy the old albums with the original recordings before i will spend one more dime on these old guys.
don't  waste your money.the writers used the character names, and the book name, but nothing else.the explanation of the 3 laws was ridiculous.the art work of the robots was good.will smith did his usual fantastic job as an actor, but the writers gave him poor material and where comedy was called for it went over like a lead balloon..i robot is part of a series of asimov books resolving around both human and robot characters.  the human and the robot both evolve and explore the meaning of life and humanity.  none of this appeared in the movie
i don't think i laughed once and afterwards i felt bad for all of humanity.this is one of the worst movies i've seen in a while.  the trailer is pretty hilarious but it's a film (and i use the word "film" in its broadest sense) that just doesn't work.  ..the concept is very funny (mock some of the most popular "date" movies of the year: bridget jones, meet the fockers, my big fat greek wedding, hitch) but mostly i found myself staring blankly at the screen.  ..i even said aloud (more than once): "let's just stop watching it, please."  ..but since we *rented* it i suppose we felt obliged to "get our money's worth". ..seriously though, it was a waste of two hours.  watch the trailer and chuckle.  but save yourself and refrain from watching the entire film.  ..if you're looking for something funny try monty python
astoundingly bad.perhaps the worst mainstream, major studio release in the history of american movies. if it was 100 times better it might reach the "so-bad-it's-funny" level, but it is far worse than that. too bad- alyson hannigan is hot and the reason i watched this. if she had performed the entire movie nude it still wouldn't be worth watching.
idea was good.this is quite possibly the stupidest movie ever made. with a number of spoofs coming out in recent years, the producers of this film have tried to cash in on the trend and failed. for starters, they hired the wrong scriptwriters. well thats basically it, they managed to sabotage this movie on their own. the idea was good, but the execution was poor. the cast was promising and well selected, but sadly didn't have a lot to work with. .the first 15 minutes were actually quite good and very funny and i thought this was going to be a very good movie, but sadly, it nose-dived from here. instead of focusing on 3 or 4 films to take the mocker out of, it got stuck into way too many and things just get carried away..there are a few very funny scenes, involving either tony cox or a cat who drew the biggest laugh out of me.stoned teenagers may get a kick out of this movie, but anyone else with half a brain will find this the longest 80 minutes of their life. not worth the money im sorry to say...and another thing, i don't understand what all the fuss about sophie monk is. she is completely talentless and has nothing to offer to this film or any film whatsoever
just plain awful!.i love satirical movies, spoofs, slapstick, etc.  i love everything that this movie should have been.  the jokes are lame and recycled from other movies.  i maybe got 2 good laughs and a few chuckles out of this movie.  i never even made it to the end of this movie.  i just couldn't stand it anymore and i didn't want to waste any more of my time.  don't watch this movie
worst movie of all time.i wish i could have given this movie less than one star. it sucked. i only could stomach 20 minuits of the movie before i walked out of the movie theatre. ..i had wanted to see it because of allyson hannigan because i liked her from how i met your mother. however the characters were just weird and the parady from meet the parents with the cat using the bathroom bordered on just plane discusting
it's simply unbeliavable....it's simply unbeliavable the choices alyson hannigan is making when it comes to her acting career in the movies... this atrocious piece of celluloid is one of the worst movies of the year. its short 80 minutes are almost unbearable, filled with bad jokes and bad taste all around. enough... i just wanna warn you: this a turkey, a real turkey..
turn it off.if pac was still here now he would never ride with ja nah nah nah nah nah na
good god! what is this ...? needs a zero star!.i gave it a chance and not suprisingly i was thoroughly sickened. this is one of the latest in a crop of hip hop crime dramas featuring the same horrible rappers that fuel the ... soundtracks in the acting roles. this movie left a foul taste in my mouth and quite a headache. this is further proof that rap is ruining all forms of entertainment. do yourself a favor and stay away from this incorrigible trash. word yo
horribly crude stuff.the chaplin cult continues to amaze me as it is inexplicable to me that anyone could find anything hinting of greatness in any of these very crude comedy shorts. i agree that chaplin's feature films were generally very goodbut this stuff is unfunny and uninspired. if i see chaplin zip around that revolving door one more time, i will go mad! in another short, chaplin gets everyone at an alcohol rehab center drunk - isn't that hilarious? he plays a cop in another and hits everyone in his path - talk about crude slapstick.  i saw some of these played to a contemporary audience in a theatre recently and there wasn't a single laugh. the audience grew impatient and when the film finally ended, people said quot;was that it?quot; until the late 20's, any keaton, lloyd, or langdon film was infinitely better than the stuff that chaplin turned out at the time. keaton hasn't aged - chaplin has
chaplin, acquiring and refining his screen genius.this odd collection of three films features chaplin first as a supporting player for keystone early in 1914, and as the lead for first national in 1919, after a highly creative period at  essanay and mutual. the contrast between the films is striking, and it is interesting, but unusual,  to have them together in the same volume. ..of the two keystones, the knock out is better, with chaplin, in a supporting role for fatty arbuckle, stealing the scene as a referee in a boxing match. most of the non-sense before chaplin enters the picture is pure keystonesque tedious physical comedy, although arbuckle offers a few moments of charming absurdity as a pudgy amateur boxer facing "cyclone flynn".  suddenly, chaplin emerges for the first time, does a quick ballet fall as he enters the ring -- and steals the rest of the fight scene. his gags are much funnier than what has transpired before -- he knocks arbuckle down with a kick in the butt, then resumes his role as a referee by counting him out! eventually, he is all arms and legs as the third fighter, even earning himself a towel by a trainer between rounds. although the film eventually degrades into keystone cop chase mayhem, not appealing to most modern viewers, there is enough of chaplin to be interesting. ..between showers is an odd, and not very inspiring, vehicle for ford sterling, with chaplin again offering a supporting foil. sterling's character and antics are particularly dated for the modern viewer, but charlie again has a few good moments, as a clumsy would-be knight assisting a damsel in distress as she attempts to fight the post-shower street puddles. charlie has some early encounters with police as well as with sterling, his nemesis for the attention of the damsel. although neither get the girl, chaplin definitely outshines sterling here. it's all pretty lame stuff, but it lasts only one reel, and chaplin is clearly starting to experiment with creative gags and gestures, which is fun to watch...a day's pleasure, the first national entry, is overall the best in the bunch. chaplin's creativity here point much more to the features that are to follow than to the creative output that preceded it. the pace is slower, the number of humorous moments fewer, but one senses that there is an attempt on his part to develop and exploit the potential of individual situations more completely, as he does with perfection by the time of his later silent features. this film does not work in general, and is one of the more forgettable of the chaplin shorts, but it's worth a serious look for mining comic moments like the encounter on a ship between chaplin and the bully while both are trying to fight sea-sickness, or the run-in with the traffic cop and disgruntled pedestrians at a busy intersection. this kind of humor is light-years away in sophistication from keystone, although chaplin is still experimenting here and will get much better by the time of films like the circus...the visual quality of the keystone films, especially the knock out, is very bad, and distracting to the viewer, and the background music is mostly pure noise. in general, the collection was hastily put together without any desire to produce something that would increase our appreciation of chaplin. fortunately, chaplin still does that on his own. i would recommend purchasing a cheap used copy of this collection, as i did. there might be enough for serious chaplin lovers to entertain
pretty lame.maybe i'm spoiled by big-budget sci-fi films, but i thought this movie kind of stunk. it felt and looked like a tv movie and wasn't scary, at all. the best/funniest part was how no one could remember the one lady's name or face, and everyone described her the same way--"the one with the glasses." "oh, her--haven't seen her." lol
terrible..this was produced for tv--and it looks it. a personal complaint: no subtitles are recorded and the sound is so horrible you cannot tell what is being said (especially when the rain is pouring and the wind is howling!). absolutely no effort was made when transferring this to dvd. have a copy of the text handy if you expect to understanding anything that is being said at certain points
sunk by awful acting, melodrama.smallville can get addicting if you watch it enough, but its hard to shake the dirty feeling it leaves you with.  you know its bad, even awful at times, but you want to see what happens anyway.  the fact that it doesn't make you want to gouge your eyes out compels me to give it two stars, but that's pushing it...so where to start?  for one, the entire production is cheesy without being self-aware, ala buffy.  the acting is hamfisted by just about everyone, especially lana, whom i want to take a baseball bat to every time i hear her whine about how clark won't be honest with her.  at least she tries though.  what clark does can't even qualify as acting.  this man makes keanu reeves look expressive.  he flits from scene to scene with a blank look on his face halfheartedly delivering generic lines.  his emotional scenes showcase his especially sad deer-in-the-headlights look, like some big dumb baby that not sure how its supposed to act, and can only manage a confused, vaguely constipated expression...if all the episodes seem similar, thats because they are.  every one starts out with some new misterious baddie getting superpowers from evil kryptonite/evil corporate research/evil mystical powers which he inevitably uses for evil.  he causes just enough havoc to force clark to heroicly save the day.  then the episode ends with some sickeningly saccharine emotional scene in the barn where clark's family pats him on the head and says what a good boy he is.  like i said earlier, it makes you feel dirty just watching it
rent.i don't think this movie knew what it wanted to be. it started out with a troubled teen. it ended up a commentary about judging gymnastics. i wasn't at all impressed with the over the top visuals. i would have much rather seen straight footage of real gymnastics. and the ending didn't make much sense. how do the girls decide who wins the events and who walks home with nothing? anyway, it was an ok rental
rebelling against the system  ~  if teenagers ruled the gymnastics world.released on dvd in '06 `stick it' (an obvious double entendre) is yet another teenage angst movie which portrays adults as the clueless generation, leaving the teens as the only ones who really know what's going on. the setting for this version of teen triumph over the status quo is the gymnastics world. rebellious but extremely talented haley graham (missy pereqrym) has already walked away from the spotlight of international recognition once. now in trouble with the youth authority for vandalism she has been given the choice of returning to the sport, or serving out her sentence in a state run institution. upon her return to training camp she immediately begins to shake things up with unexpected results that even a fanciful imagination will have difficulty appreciating...plain and simple, i didn't enjoy this film. the dialogue is clich, the gymnast act like stereotypical valley girls and the adults are either pathetic, or downright stupid. the only saving grace in this movie is the very lovely missy pereqrym in the lead role. at least there's someone  attractive to look at
almost powerful, unfortunately insulting.i watched this with interest because there are too few movies about strong women/girls and too few movies about strong female athletes. overall, it has a great girl-power premise. it demonstrates how physically-demanding, regimented, and unfair gymnastics can be. the climactic scene at the championships has a powerful message despite how unrealistic it is. the main character (haley graham) is played well by missy peregrym. her best line is delivered in a diner: "i wasn't great. i was obedient." yes, jeff bridge's role is woefully clichd, but this is forgivable, because, as the coach, he's the apparatus (sorry) off which haley graham and the other athletes can launch themselves. ..unfortunately, while stick it makes an attempt to show women in a positive light, it includes not one, not two, but three extremely dumb supporting characters. the stupidity of the three other girls on the protagonist's team is all too often depicted by them looking at the camera or at each other practically cross-eyed! they are easily duped and misunderstand the simplest concepts (g.e.d = d.u.i.?). intelligence (or lack thereof) can be an effective differentiating tool (i.e. to make the main character look better) and can also be funny, but in this quantity, it's insulting. ..admittedly, i haven't watched a lot of current "teen movies" - is this how girls are generally presented in them? i hope not. i work with teenage girls and boys and would really hate for them to internalize this.
terrible.we struggled through this - luckily we didn't pay to see it. (my stepdaughter owns it, and lent it to me.) a waste of time
nope.march/april: i went to three hollywood videos and two blockbusters because i thought with a mekhi phifer movie, i couldn't go wrong.  wrong!  this movie was about as boring and dry as most street movies.  it was the same ole story.  one guy is extra bummy, gets into drugs, gets some money, gets a clique with one loud-mouthed dummy, some people die, the end.  (note: mekhi phifer looked good as usual though, and that's the only reason it got two stars)...on second thought, on 6/18/2005, this movie was on bet and i watched it again.  for some reason, i really got into it this time.  the story didn't change but i failed to notice the relationship between mekhi's character with his son, the problems with family members and jealousy, the simplicity and intelligence of the main character wanting to be lowkey, and the very real (and amusing) relationship between the main character and his girl. it bothered me that ol' girl didn't try to talk him out of his lifestyle, but other than that, the movie was pretty decent.  i watched it to the end and i liked it this time.  no doubt, it's cliche--but an interesting cliche.  i'll give it another star and make it *** stars if i could change it
not yoga at all.this is a scam and a rip-off. this is a dvd of someone going through some motions, but not yoga. i wouldn't even call it calisthenics. even a complete couch potato expends more energy than this woman does.  please don't be fooled by the title - even the most extreme of beginners deserve more than what this woman is offering.  if i can give this a rating less than 0 stars i would.
introduction to yoga: gentle, for extreme beginners.very disappointing.  if this is for beginners, i wonder what a dvd for "experts" would be like.  the rhythm of the movements was too fast, and the sound was not at all soothing, which to me is the essence of yoga.  perhaps i didn't know what to expect since i have never taken any yoga classes.  but that was my purpose in ordering this "beginning" yoga dvd--too learn the basics and the "feel" of yoga.
boring in the extreme.this video is a poorly-filmed, self-promoting, monotonous waste of money. and that's the "polite" version of my opinion. this dvd does not inspire me to do anything but shut it off before it annoys me further. it's a very long stretching session with almost no real yoga, and the "meditation" session is frankly jarring with these clanging bells that snap you out of any good place in which you might have had your mind...try yogazone or any other beginners' yoga, but not this one.
beware! r1 dvd is heavily cut!!!.first things first. this dvd is cut heavily! the christian slater "orange sherbert" scene is completely gone, and 2 scenes which were in the original, complete cut (the 'henchmans wife' and the 'bucks party' scenes) are cut and placed in the deleted scenes section!..this cut of the movie is shocking, if you want to buy austin powers on dvd, please steer clear of the r1, and buy the full version which has not been butchered. i wish someone had told me before i wasted my money on this very substandard dvd...you have been warned!
better watching it on tv, one episode at a time....i rented this season through netflix and i fell asleep after trying to watch it for about an hour.  in all seriousness, it is a pretty boring show if you watch too much of it at once.  i think the second season is way better as well.  the cast in this season is pretty boring, shallow, and self-centered.
might as well jump on the bandwagon..though ozzyapu and squash  squeak wrote very good reviews for this horrid show, i'll put in my two cents.  ..this is a show for preps by preps, its something preps watch so they can see their lives in tv format.  here's the show in a nutshell; a bunch of rich white kids complaining because their parents won't give them money to p**s away at hollister, abercrombie  fitch, and aeropostale; places with a bunch of fake palm trees and horrid techno music playing.  to top it off, its completed with a bunch of irritating girls crying because their half-hour pretty boy pink shirt-wearing boyfriends broke up with them...this loathsome group of human waste should see life in north korea, if they're still complaining about their lives, they should be air-dropped into chernoyble's reactor...watch family guy and malcolm in the middle instead; you'll learn valuable stuff and laugh your nards off
ozzyapu and squash 'n' squeak are true heroes!!!.i would write a review but they both wrote superb reviews. this is the worst show on the worst channel along with trl! and for fu c k's sake ignore that stupid preppie kid directly below me
"my parents won't take me to the mall to buy more stuff from hot topic!! i hate my life!".oh god, if this isn't the most ridiculous show i've ever seen, i don't know what is. i watched 1 episode of this show and laughed through the entire thing. seriously, where do these spoiled bratty kids come from?!? they cry because their parents got them a corvet for thanksgiving instead of the porche that they wanted but never told their parents for no reason. the girls in this show have to be the most dramatic people. they cry and whine and mourn because their half-hour boyfriends broke up with them. oh boo-freakin-hoo!..this is seriously spitting in the face of the youth of america today. they make it look like all teens are rich spoiledpreps who cry and slit their wrists when their parents can't take them to the mall so they can buy incredibly expensive clothes from hot topic because their parents have to pay their daughters' credit card bills...if you enjoy this show, i pity you.
good production, but absolutely pointless.i should say first that this should be a good movie, at least on paper.  john hurt and richard burton turn in solid performances, and everything about the production -- set design, costumes, etc. -- looks just as it should.  but there is something lacking in this adaptation that makes it pale compared to the book...orwell's _nineteen eighty-four_ was, largely, _about_ reading and writing, and the power they give to people.  as such, it is a thrilling novel, and a great pleasure to read.  seeing john hurt writing in winston smith's diary doesn't quite cut it for me; the essential spirit is lost in the translation to film...beyond this, there are also some more mundane elements of the plot and characters that were cut to fit the screening time.  what i missed most was smith's growing frustration with julia being "only a revolutionary from the waist down" and his schoolboyish admiration (affection, really) for o'brien...the only real highlight of the movie is the constant voiceovers coming from the telescreens regarding the progress of the war and the rooting out of traitors.  orwell's vision is captured perfectly here, and the woman who read the "news" voiceovers gets the tone exactly right...all in all, the movie is nowhere nearly as compelling as the book, and isn't really worth the trouble.  in the time it takes you to procure and watch the movie, you could be halfway through the book
disgracefull.how can anyone take such a great book and make it into a movie soooooo bad? i mean really, 1984 the book was a masterpiece, a book that has gone down in history as one of the most haunting predictions of the future ever written. why then does its movie suck so badly? theirs nothing even remotely good about this movie, just one boring scene after another after another after another. i just have to say that it was a darn good thing i read the book before i watched the movie otherwise i probably would have been so disgusted by the film that i would not have dared even think about buying the book. i wouldn't pick up this movie again if i found it lying on the street with a ten foot pole. stay away from this god awful film and just buy the book.
ennui would be a kind descriptor.clocking in at just under two hours, i love your work leaves the viewer feeling as though from the opening sequence that stones have been tied to your feet and your body thrown into the very deep and dank water to slowly settle into the mud at the bottom.  sound dreary? then avoid this little mess of a film...it is hard to believe that adrian butchart who is giving us the radiant goal! the dream begins trilogy could help write this script: one wonders if writer/director adam goldberg didn't just bring him in for help.  the story is tired (small time guy gives up love for a career as a movie star with all the accessories of money, fame, celeb status, gorgeous wife, etc. only to find life in its simpler fashion was preferable) and the choices of casting this very dark and dreary tale are inappropriate.  giovanni ribisi, superb an actor though he most assuredly is, simply is not credible as a movie star sex symbol whose stardom is accompanied by alcoholism, self hate, paranoia, fragmented thinking, and bad decisions.  the only time we see anything vaguely suggestive of his ability to create a role is in the many flashback scenes (with girlfriend christina ricci): his on screen chemistry with his famous wife mia (the enormously talented franka potente who here is wasted in a mannequin's role) is nil, and his interplay with such actors as vince vaughn, marisa coughlan, judy greer, shalom harlow, joshua jackson,  jason lee, and elvis costello is unilateral...goldberg films this boring redundant tale using all manner of artsy camera tricks that only serve to make the tedium increase.  with a cast like this the product had promise.  goldberg needs some time to think about this phase of his career.  grady harp, november 06
some things are best left unexamined!.this movie is to film and celebrity what watching a colonoscopy is to medicine.  we all want good medicine, but some things are best left unwatched.  somewhat quirky and interesting at first, this movie turns into a redundant and confused two-by-four in the back of the head, an unflinching look at one sad hollywood story of a twitchy drunk with a serious inferiority complex complicated by delusions of non-grandeur in full melt-down.  giovani ribisi is not at his "boiler room" best as this annoying self-loather who can get into all the best bars but can't get in with his wife or over his old girlfriend, who he hated for being between him and fame anyway, which now makes him so touchy.  by the end i was so glad to see it end, at least i felt better about my life. for a better look at the celebrity/movie industry madness thing try "swimming with sharks" and "the player".  at least they did not forget to entertain the viewer by trying to be conceptual art first.   this movie is a disturbed over-reaching conceptual masturbatory bummer.  if you use the word "film" a lot instead of "movie", maybe you'll like it
i don't love your work.oh joy. another movie about how tough it is to be famous, rich and liked...actor/director adam goldberg's "i love your work" attempts to tackle that subject, but the "poor little rich actor" storyline merely ends up feeling self-indulgent and whiny. several of the actors are talented, but most of them -- except for star giovanni ribisi -- are misused...gray evans (giovanni ribisi) is famous, rich and miserable. he married mia (franka potente) after seeing her in a french film, but their marriage is crumbling because he thinks she's cheating with elvis costello, who is friendly with mia. distraught, gray ends up in a video store, where he becomes fascinated with a young video store clerk (joshua jackson) and his loving girlfriend (marisa coughlan)...as his sanity begins to crumble, gray stalks the couple, and starts to have visions of an ex-girlfriend (christina ricci) who reminds him of a happier time. he begins to reimagine his past, pre-fame life through the clerk and girlfriend, and soon the world of sanity is beginning to fade away...perhaps this movie would be more palatable if it hadn't been done by an actor. in the hands of someone like wes anderson, this movie would have been brilliant, dark and understatedly satirical. from goldberg, it just seems self-indulgent. it has nothing new to say, and it doesn't add any sparkle to the old stuff...and while goldberg tries hard to make this a dark satire, he takes his big message too seriously. it starts off well, with gray teetering on the edge of insanity, and imagining that everybody is watching, touching and pursuing him. for a short time, it has the elements of a lightweight fellini movie...but after the first half hour, goldberg goes wild with the camera tricks and the plot. he's trying so hard to be arty and insightful, that he ends up almost making the film a parody of itself. and not a good parody either. it aspires to be a bizarre, surrealist experience like "mulholland drive." but it's too unfocused and self-conscious to even come close...it doesn't help that gray is not somebody we're going to care about. he's egotistical, self-absorbed, suspicious and whiny. and for all his complaints about his terrible life, it never seems to cross his mind to do the obvious thing. quit acting. retreat from the limelight. maybe he secretly likes complaining...ribisi is definitely the center of the film, and his turn as a crazed movie star is wonderfully unsettling. yes, it really is that weird, even though gray is such an annoying character. potente isn't required to do much more than sit there and look glamorous, but ricci is brilliant in her small role as gray's nebulous ex...if you want to see navel-gazing, then "i love your work" might be the ticket. but for anyone looking for clever, ingenious, entertaining filmmaking, look for someone else's work to love
a boring, poorly-made movie.meg ryan is frannie, an english teacher in new york who gets pulled into a murder investigation when the head of a young woman is found in her garden. as she deals with an old boyfriend who won't leave her alone and with her neurotic, damaged sister, she falls into a charged sexual relationship with the detective investigating the killing. more bodies appear and frannie has reason to be suspicious that the cop she is attracted to is the killer...in the cut is a dull movie. the mystery of the killer's identity is spread out so thinly over the whole movie, there is no suspense when you figure out who it is. the sex scenes between ryan and ruffalo are gloomy and forced. i didn't believe the supposed attraction between the two. there are a lot of arty set pieces in the film to try and trick you into thinking there is some important subtext here, but there isn't. it's just a boring, poorly-made movie
please, please, do yourself a favor and read the book instead..in the cut (jane campion, 2003)..there is one valid reason to watch this debacle of a film, and that is that the soundtrack was done by the wonderful hilmar orm hilmarsson. well, kind of; when i saw his name spin by in the credits, i was expecting a rather more experimental, dissonant soundtrack than i got...if you've read susanna moore's novel, you'll know that "experimental" and "dissonant" are perfectly valid expectations in a soundtrack of its adaptation. the story concerns frannie (meg ryan), a college english teacher who in her spare time is compiling a dictionary of street slang. while out with one of the students helping her in that regard one evening, she makes a wrong turn looking for the bathroom in a bar and witnesses an intimate act. the woman involved later turns up dead, and a detective named malloy (you can count on me's mark ruffalo) comes around investigating the murder. frannie and malloy find themselves drawn into a relationship neither seems to want, but both seem to need...first off: campion, who also wrote the screenplay, made the unforgivable mistake of changing the ending of the novel (but then, this is a hollywood movie, i should have expected it), which changes the entire tone of the film in retrospect. the way the plot unfolds points to one inevitable conclusion, and we are cheated of it. also, the characters-- who weren't exactly bottomless wells of characterization in the book-- have been stripped as far down to their prototypes as possible while still keeping them recognizable human beings. there's nothing here to grab onto, giving the whole thing the feel of sex and the city with a serial killer on the loose. important pieces that connect bits together have been tossed away, leading to scenes seeming disconnected from everything else (the title really does have a meaning, in the book anyway, though here it just gets blurted out with no frame of reference at all). and, really, who was it that first decided mark ruffalo can act?..i'm willing to concede that much of the reason i hated this movie as much as i did may have come from my committing the cardinal sin of seeing the movie within a year of reading the book on which it's based, but to be honest, i can't imagine i'd have liked it a whole lot more if i hadn't read the book. it's just all-around awful. *
shouldn't have made the final cut..let me break it down for you in a nutshell, people. it's a murder mystery in which the film's protaganist thinks she knows who the killer is. but, she has her doubts. but she saw a tatto of a spade on the guy's arm. he has the same thing. but what does she do? she has sex with him. sex, sex, and more sex. if you suspect somebody of being a killer than why on earth would you have sex with him? plus, 50% of the movie is just plain old sex and sex talk. i don't think this was a perfectly planned movie, to tell you the truth. ..final verdict: it's easily forgetable and needs to go right before it starts
cut out the crudeness-why not just the humor?.this movie could be funny, but why the crude humor. do you remember the three stooges? we buy and watch those old movies. those guys could be considered "dumb" also, but at least back then hollywood and the like did not and were not allowed to put in the crude stuff...we are trying to teach our children that bathroom noises and the like are private, yet this movie promotes it. it could be funny and there are alot of funny scenes, but due to the crudesness and such, we are not allowing or watching this movie ourselves again. come on, hollywood and movie producers-we wonder what is wrong with "this generation"--take a look at what you are encouraging them to watch. not every child has parents who care enough to train our kids in the right way-"god's way"...i know jesus liked to laugh, but this is the crudest, rudest movie ever...we all like to laugh, and it's good for us, also, but we cannot get beyond the other junk. if you wish to continue to make these movies, how about making a "rated" version, where it is funny without the rude, crude, bathroom noise junk? we are just trying to make this world and our next generation better. how about watching the 3 stooges-you may get some good ideas from them?!
stott pilates-fit and firm.both of the pilates dvd's i bought from amazon skipped horribly. i am totally disatisfied with them
a yuletide turkey."surviving christmas" represents yet another entry in the ben affleck bad film festival. not even the grinch could endure this offensive, unfunny holiday farce. once again, affleck desecrates the art of screen acting with a painfully wretched performance. james gandolfini, on the other hand, deserves higher-quality material during his "sopranos" hiatus. dreamworks knew they had a straight-to-video turkey, but tried to foist the damaged goods upon suspicious moviegoers. they needn't have bothered
a desperate affleck motors through illogical holiday vehicle with a smattering of laughs.i have to admit i laughed a few times during this trivial 2004 holiday movie, but it's already moving out of my short-term memory. in a career that is sliding rather swiftly toward tabloid obscurity, ben affleck, once a promising comic character actor who became enmeshed in the hollywood publicity machine to recreate himself into a romantic leading man. judging from this film, the transformation doesn't seem to be taking, as he continues to lack the gravitas that would make him credible in such parts. while his buddy matt damon takes on smart roles in films like "syriana", affleck appears in this type of commercial pap. at least the superficial character of successful but lonely advertising executive drew latham suits affleck better than most of the other roles he has tried...directed by mike mitchell (whose most famous film is 1999's "deuce bigelow: male gigolo") and scripted by no less than four screenwriters (always a bad sign), the flimsy plot revolves around his character's need to "rent" a family living in his childhood home in order to live out his fantasy of having the old-fashioned christmas he never had. the concept is actually intriguing because there is something to be said about the cathartic release of sentimentality we are all directed to feel amid the frenzied commercialism around the holidays. the real problem, however, is that the movie feels like an extended sketch lacking any logic or authentic emotional resonance. affleck seems to be on overdrive attempting desperately to be lovable, but the net result is an exhausting turn by an actor who has an increasingly annoying habit of playing stupid people in ill-conceived films. fortunately, he has the likes of james gandofini and catherine o'hara playing the valcos, the couple who decide to accept drew's monetary offer to pretend to be his parents...gandolfini plays tom like a gruff, non-violent relative of tony soprano, but he does what he can in the role. from her classic sctv days to christopher guest's mockumentaries, o'hara is always a comic gem no matter the vehicle, and unsurprisingly she earns the best laughs as tom's wife christine, whether dryly delivering a one-liner or posing in an inch of make-up for a dominatrix photo shoot. in what is becoming her standard screen role, christina applegate plays their mistrusting daughter alicia, who of course becomes drew's love interest. despite some good moments where she is enjoying the deceit of playing drew's sister in front of his girlfriend's family, her character seems to change in lightning-flash strokes making it hard to see what drew would see in her. the story spins completely out of control by the last third with one contrived situation piled on top of another until plot strands are tied together in short order. it's rumored that much of the movie was improvised since there was no finished shooting script. it shows, but i also have to admit i stuck with it to the bitter end
but can you survive this movie?.i almost walked out. .surviving christmas (the premise is that a complete nutcase who definitely needs psychological help kind of holds a family for ransom at christmas) is not an all-out terrible film, to be fair..but it isn't very good either!!.it was just too strange and weird to watch ..well a strange and weird person in situations that were intended to be hilarios but weren't. kind of like monster-in-law but even that was a far superior movie to this one..no one had charisma, especially not the boring father..the "humour" surrounding that dull-looking little teenager.who loved dirty sites did nothing for me, and has been done before..the film may illicit a few strained chuckles from you, but i doubt anything more
far from being anywhere near.......a classic in the the christmas-collection like the home alone-movies, national lampoons' christmas vacation, the grinch, grumpy old men (and so on..) -and of course; ben affleck can't act! he alone killed "surviving christmas", and i actually think a better comedian/actor like ben stiller (meet the parents) could have at least made something out of this "soulless" as in uncharming comedy. cliche is one thing, borrow as much as you can from older classics to to make it entertainment -but this entire movie is "made in a hurry, and let's make money"-material. ..the other actors deliever ok what they have been given (sentenced) to work with, it's affleck (as mentioned) who overacts, and who proves once and for all he should have quit after "good will hunting" (saved by an interesting story amazingly written by him and matt damon, and robin williams who stole the movie with his gripping performance). he is embarrasing. a few, few laughs delievered in "s.c" (and i repeat; a few!) -well, they're not because of his contribution. i find it strange they got christina applegate to accept her part, not that i am a big fan -but she really wasted her time. ..but if you've got nothing better to do... well, i'd still do something else.
what are you thinking?.rosanne sucks, i mean come on, it's merely a rabble of generic comedy and sitcom humor cobbled together to try and save a dying light in rosanne's career. i think that it's shows like this  that promote television less of the art form that it could possibly be and more of an empty shell for advertisements and simple humor. oh man im gonna get flamed for this
i must agree.i am far from a fan of 50 cent but my friend lent me this dvd and told me i had to see this. first, 50 the rapper is only in this for about 5 minutes if that, so if you get this because you're a fan of his you'll probably be let down. he appears to say that he actually got his name from the real 50 cent. this dvd is about the real 50 cent from brooklyn and it tells the whole story from his infamous stick-ups and even a brutal razor blade incident at a roller skating rink. this dvd is a nice documentary on 50 but like fellow reviewer g. duenas pointed out the story is told in terribly bad taste. i think a lot of people like curtis jackson have been thirsty for a revealing of a real gansta from the black community to hold them on a level such as al capone or john gotti. ..whatever people may think when they watch this they surely will get the feeling that the stories told by his friends including stars like eric b. are being told like they're bragging. also like g. duenas said this cat was stealing and killing his own people so doing something like putting up a statue of him would be a disgrace. there are two other articles in this dvd newspaper, one about ny bloods and another about a club. the ny bloods actually get to you and though it is a small story it lets you know what going on. no lie, this dvd is really embarrassing when you sum it all up and hopefully not too people are paying attention to it cause i know the first time i watched it will be the last
roswell - the complete second season.i'm very disappointed, because in dics 5, it's hang, so i don't know the episodes in dics
not as funny as it used to be..when this show first came out i was ten. there are shows on tv that have come out on dvd that are still as funny as ever sanford and son for example. in living color isn't funny anymore. i watched it as soon as i got it and i really didnt enjoy it. it was like watching a childrens show except barney wasnt there. i felt like someone threw me a party at chucky cheese and iam grown. i felt out of place watching the show i have surpassed that humor. i guess i have a different sense of humor now that i am older. it was corny looking back at it. once i lent the dvd to my friends (same ages give or take a year)they felt the same. it wasn't nostalgic it was immature.  any skit from chappelle's show is funnier to me than any skit on ilc. i wish i had something good to say about this box set because they used to be very cutting edge. because i used to enjoy in living color as a kid also i used to go trick or treating but i know that time is over. just like the typewriter got replaced by the computer and hand written letters have been replaced by emails as in living color has had their run and its over. ..sorry if you don't agree but thats my story and im sticking to it. go buy chappelle's show if you didn't already do it
legends of the dull.more predictable than an old tv land episode of bonanza and much less entertaining, this story of an anti-government rancher and his three sons, one the upstanding sort who seeks to work for good within the system, one an idealist, and the middle son, tristan, played by brad pitt, a tormented man who seeks to find peace within nature's anger. at least that's what i think he was doing. the fact is i never was a fan of this movie, not back in the 1990's when my best friend loved it (and predicted julia ormond would be a superstar--sorry, gina, if you ever read this, i just couldn't resist working that in there, ha-ha) and not upon the occasion of a recent second viewing. i don't think there's anything to really recommend this movie to anyone. it's not spectacular in its setting, it's not revolutionary in its by-the-numbers story, and i found then and still find now that it is highly melodramatic and boring. to each his own, i know some love this movie, but from where i sit, this film is a would-be epic that never rises above fluff
lotf a.k.a. 'everyone loves tristan' (but why???).i gave this 2 stars only because of the nice cinematography. i never connected with it on an emotional level, even though i was perfectly prepared to do so. ..three brothers -- supposedly very close -- waste no time lusting over little bro's soon-to-be-wife. why this babe fell for little bro' in the first place and came all the way to montana with him from the east is never explained, nor do we believe it for a second. big bro', hot for her from the get-go, just can't compete in the testosterone department with middle bro' 'tristan' (pitt), who apparently thinks he's an indian and has found some kind of deep meaning in cutting the heart out of and/or scalping his (and other's) kills -- whether man or beast (or brother!). anthony hopkins frankly looks ill at ease as colonel ben cartwright and looks downright ridiculous post-stroke with a chalkboard hung around his neck and a faux stroke-twisted countenance. but he is cheered up considerably after kicking elder wimp-son out and wild man tristan returns -- 'cause he loves tristan the bestest! cree elder/hollywood indian dude narrates this wannabe epic and explains to us wild man tristan's struggle with his inner bear (a psuedo-spiritual excuse for tristan's obvious severe mental problems). but, hey, everyone loves tristan, that wild man! luscious babe julia ormond, effectively abandoned* by tristan (and apparently by anything resembling self respect), waits for him to come back for years before she finally receives his terse "dear jane" letter -- and then still pines for the creep! must've been that knife he pulled on her in bed... but she's mental toast after that letter. too bad for her that she just didn't have the staying power of the little half-breed indian girl/tristan's almost-sister, who grows up to be luscious babe #2 and who -- guess what -- loves tristan! ..all i've gotta say is gimme some of that brad pitt cologne or b.o. or whatever the heck it is because even if you're a smelly creepy psycho wannabe-indian with a bear inside you everyone will just love you!..*tristan, who by the storyline itself must be a total landlubber, nonetheless possesses the skill to chop chop sail a boat 'round the world. and to think some people spend many years learning how to be a blue water sailor! ha! that darn tristan -- dontchya just love him?
smallville season 3 order.this item was lost in shipping but amazon had a replacement to my house with in two days!  great customer service speaks for itself..thank you!.denise f
not the classic cookie monster i was hoping for....this disc is far from having cookie's best bites!  the skit w/anette benning is just barely tolerable.  not at all what it advertises. too bad
'science' fiction it's not.....the basic premise of this movie could be quite interesting - how does a man trained as a 'killing-machine' integrate back into society.  yes, it's been done before but still holds promise.  the plot was adequate...the acting was believable - no complaints there.  i particularly enjoyed sean pertwee as 'mace'.  and jason isaacs has long been a favorite actor...but what ruined the movie for me was the science.  i'm not a fanatic - i have no problems with ftl travel or spaceships 'banking' on turns or loud explosions in space in movies.  and i realize that movies are not 'real'.  but i've never seen more 'bad' science in any one movie.  my son and i watched this together and it turned into a contest seeing who could catch more bloopers.  ..i could go on and on detailing the scientific and logic errors in this movie - but it would take me all night.  it spoiled the whole movie for me
el sucko!.i am a big fan of kurt russell but this movie sucks. and as forrest gump said, "thats all i have to say about that.
since when is this guy famous enough to rate a 'collection?'.excuse me, who or what is adam sandler supposed to be?  an actor? a comedian?  an actor-comedian?  no, no, no...eddie murphy is an actor, a comedian; an actor-comedian.  to watch eddie's stand up, his stint on saturday night live...then his movies...even the bad ones...then compare and contrast with what passes for adam sandler's standup, stint on snl and his movies...what gives? i'm sorry even if you didn't compare...adam sandler is devoid of comedic skills, and couldn't act his way out of a paper bag with the president of the paper bag manufacturing council talking him through the hard parts.  this 'collection' is only, sadly, indicative of the decline of western society's standards...chaplin, wc fields, buster keaton, milton berle, jack benny, benny hill, chevy chase...it's been a downward spiral ever since...leading to adam sandler as the lead ... going down the...  admittedly, america's tastes have changed and no doubt the youth contingent are leading the way in demanding adam's special brand of what i loosely term 'humor'...but this only shows they'll watch anything..
buy only 2.i liked billy madason and happy gilmore a lot. one of my favorite movies. bulletproof was not that good of a movie. ypu are better off by getting billy madason and happy gillmore sepritly
good collection.i liked billy madason and happy gilmore a lot. one of my favorite movies. bulletproof was not that good of a movie. ypu are better off by getting billy madason and happy gillmore sepritly
piont pleasant.it was about the batle betewn good and evil vut it was really stuipd
stop marti!.normally, i can tell a show is going to suck beforehand, so i'm able to avoid any exposure whatsoever.  case in point: 7th heaven.  obviously it's going to be terrible, so i don't have to watch, be disappointed, and feel the inevitable bile climbing up my throat.  unfortunately, point pleasant came with no such warning...marti, after damaging buffy the vampire slayer beyond repair, needed to find another way of getting her anvilicious sensibilities onto the small screen.  she succeeded, to the detriment of the rest of humanity.  problems with this show: terrible writing, terrible casting, and the most ham-fisted and obvious attempts at symbolism...save your cash, people.  there are several ways to spend this cash and receive quality entertainment in return.  if you're tempted to buy this out of loyalty to the whedon alumni, go with one of the more illustrious members: minear, fury, and edlund have shown themselves to be a thousand times more capable.
a remake of an imitation of a rip-off.this show was much better the first time it aired, when it was called twin peaks.  to ward off the rash of banal comments about my comparison, i guess i should explain for those who never understood twin peaks: the premise sets up a battle of good versus evil.  except imagine that put upon the backdrop of a wb or fox teen drama, like the oc or something.  there are numerous attempts to be ominous, attempts at "something larger" or "something deeper," but the show simply doesn't have that substance to carry it out.  the creators certainly know how a show like that should look, and they know how to deliver those "clue" moments, but the sum of the parts doesn't add up to a whole that is worthwhile.  this is a string of already-done-better plot devices with no substance - hence my suggestion to look at twin peaks to see how something like this should be done.  furthermore, the fact that it was cancelled and the whole story, assuming the creators ever had one in mind, isn't even there.  if you like it, go watch agent cooper in action at the great northern, and i guarantee this show will seem weak, at best
dvd is a disappointment.as with another reviewer, i found the dvd a big disappointment.  most of the visual instruction was on proper breathing and the only focus area for using the ball was the lower back.  what purpose does this serve if it only shows one application? the dvd also does not allow you to fast forward so if you want to review a specific part of the demo, you have to wait through normal speed to get to a specific point.
where's my shoulder work?.like another reviewer, i bought this over the book thinking it would provide most of the same information.  wrong!! only lower back work was included. after i little research, i found out that the book includes much, much more.  i wish i could return the dvd set and buy the book set.  don't be disappointed: buy the book.
good idea, poor execution..cool world was a bit too surreal and disjointed for my taste. random images flickering across the screen at random intervals doesn't make for good film in my opinion
i wish i could give this film no stars.this is simply the worst animated film i have ever seen in my entire life,there is nothing to warrant even one star.this film is nothing but a mess of wooden characters, bad animation,and a poorly conceived plot. this film could have been good in the right hands,namely ralph bakshi's hands.the studio executives changed the entire film without bakshi's knowledge and the final result was this animated abortion. the film started good at the begining, frank harris being sucked into the "cool world" and eventually a detective there and that's were the qaulity ends. the film goes back and forth between the cartoonist jack deebs in the real world,who is given no detail, and the poorly animated and un-funny "cool world". then all of sudden at the finale, jack deebs is given a massive dose of character development at the very last minute and actaully ends up being the hero. yes,this is film is actually that sloppy.i think i need to alert the guantanamo bay prison camp, they have obviously overlooked "cool world" as a great form of torture
one liner.i only rmember one thing from the entire movie that i just sat thru..one toon calls another "pencil d##k". i laughed and laughed. then i went back into my coma. not a very good movie at all
subtexts.on the surface this film is a pretty good courtroom drama...underneath, however, the director seems to have a couple of other themes going. one thing that stood out to me is that the film is full of people who are "caught between a rock and a hard place". right from the start, where childers has to choose between following the rules of war or saving his best friend. he has a similar choice on the wall in yemin - fire into the crowd or let the attack on his people continue. i think he knew at that moment that his career was in the crapper. jones' character said as much during the trial: "whatever happens here, this man will never command marines again". the "bad guy" national security advisor was in a bind: do what is best for america's interests or back up the colonel? the ambassador had to make a hard choice: lie on the stand or lose his job, his status, his reputation? even his wife had to decide whether to tell the truth or stand behind her husband's story. biggs, the prosecutor, got caught up in it - he started out with the intent to prosecute what he was convinced was a legitimate case, then got tossed a 'hot potato' by the nsa right in open court. childers' second-in-command, captain lee, had to decide whether to tell the truth or back his colonel. and so on...the court-martial itself seems to pit logic against emotion (shades of star trek!). the differences are clearest in the closing arguements - biggs is the joe friday "just the facts" type; he presents the panel with a. this happened, then b this happened, and so on.  hayes' whole arguement is based on emotion - and then, finally, the jury is left with yet another hard decision...i found the movie very interesting in terms of what is going on with the characters - a lot of films are like this, if you look a little deeper, there's more there than the surface story.
lifting weights builds bulky muscles.if you want to build muscles, this is the dvd for you. i was hoping for some stretching and relaxation as well as pilates, so i was disappointed. i gave this dvd away almost as soon as i got it because i don't want big bulky muscles like the ladies in the video have. most of the video is not even pilates
more fun than a barrel of crack babies.made and first released (as tell your children) in 1936, when prohibition still protected innocent youth from the purgatory of alcohol abuse, reefer madness began life as a morality tale to protect innocent youth from marijuana. tell your children was a low-budget production, made by gh productions for a small church group...the director had gained almost all of his experience in silent film. so, the facial expressions and gestures of the actors are exaggerated as they were in silent films. this "problem" became an asset later...the movie begins with a star wars like scroll that touts marijuana as the real public enemy number one! the film hammers on marijuana so hard that at one point a doctor is relieved to find that his patient has only had heroin and not marijuana. clearly, story, written by laurence meade, and the screenplay, written by arthur hoerl, could have used some validation by a real doctor with real drug treatment experience...it was dwaine esper, a pioneer intellectual property pirate who bought the rights to the film, spliced in some salacious sex scenes and marketed the resulting reefer madness as an exploitation film. as a sensation exploitation of the marijuana menace, the film made some money for esper. then it fell into nameless disuse and eventually passed into the public domain...in the early 1970s, keith stroup, a founder of the national organization for reform of marijuana laws (norml), paid less than $300 for the film, cleaned it up, and began showing it at rallies. the pomposity and overacting were a big hit with the (frequently stoned) marijuana advocates...since then it has achieved cult status. it is up there with the rocky horror picture show...all this would make reefer madness a genuinely funny viewing experience were it not for crack, and heroin. i felt bad watching this film, not because it was not uproarious camp, but because i live in the center of a fine, historical city where mothers try to sell you their crack babies, and heroin addicts mumble incoherently trying to panhandle in front of the halfway houses where they have been dumped...if amazon, or those who reap the profit on the sales of this dvd, would donate to quality rehab programs, i would feel less like taking a shower after watching this
doesn't live up to the hype..i watched this because seeing the musical on showtime made me curious. i expected it to be very over the top. the netflix summary said, "a group of teens seduced by the power of 'reefer' take a few puffs -- and instantly become psychotic killers, jazz addicts and whores."..whoever wrote that summary hasn't seen the movie. it was just a very standard dull didactic cautionary tale, not unlike those lame movies like the last prom that they show you in high school to convince you to drive safely. a teenage boy gets addicted to pot and his life goes to hell in a thoroughly predictable way. after he's been using the stuff for a while one of the women who hangs out at the same reefer den or whatever you call it seduces him, but it's hardly surprising that an intoxicated teenage boy would be easily seducible. his girlfriend gets fooled into smoking a joint, but when a man tries to put the moves on her while she's high she screams and struggles until her boyfriend staggers in and deals the bounder a punch which i thought was pretty well-placed after all that reefer...so much for whores. there were some scenes where characters played a piano - again, doing a pretty good job for allegedly stoned people - and i guess the music might have been jazz, though it didn't sound all that jazzy to me...as for psychotic killers, well, the pot dealer did shoot the guy who tried to paw the protagonist's girlfriend while he and the protagonist were duking it out, but we already knew he was a bad guy; i mean, he gets kids hooked on pot. the only other murder was when a cop later came around asking questions about the shooting and one of the addicts got excited and killed him; a little unlikely, but it could happen...the only seriously unrealistic thing about the movie was how nice the apartment where people went to buy and smoke marijuana was. men in neatly pressed suits and ties would come in, politely greet and shake hands with the equally well-groomed dealers, and join the other addicts in a very clean, well-furnished, respectable-looking living room. i don't believe that dens of iniquity were that much nicer back then...now the musical version annoys me even more, because what they're parodying is a ludicrous caricature of the actuality. it's reductio ad absurdum. it's like when someone says, "i'm in favor of the death penalty for certain crimes," replying with a sarcastic, "oh, i suppose you think people should be hanged for jaywalking, huh?!?
worst movie ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.this is by far the worst movie i have ever seen, even worse than citizen kane.  it is a movie about some bum who is a failure at life, and ends up playing one play during a football team.  this is a movie about failure and bothering other people to get what you want.  this movie just sucks.  dont waste the time to watch this movie, cause this is time you will never get back.
dumb with a capital d!!!!.the criminal goes from being the dumbest air marshall to the dumbest criminal, jodie foster over-overacts (what has she ever done since bugsy malone that was decent), the sentimental hogwash flows like so much syrip, and, the best actor is the little girl who sleeps through most of the movie like the poor folks who had to watch this hollywood drivel.  no wonder people are staying home!  terrible, dumb, stupid, and whatever adjectives you may want to come up with.  how anyone could rate this 4 stars is beyond me.  tells me how stupid the human race is
crude, unfunny.i don't believe that chaplin achieved comedic excellence until his features. these shorts are crude physical humor and totally unfunny. dated stuff
disappointing.the quality of all the movies is poor-comparable to or worst than vcd. i watched the first 2 dices and lost interest in the rest of the movies. it is more worthy to buy 1 good dvd movie than 50 lousy poor quality classic.
they put way to many of the same movies on this set.i own many of these 50 movie packs and i really like most of them. so,and i know i was dumd for not looking for a list of the movies in the pack, i bought this one with no worries. after i got here i found at least 30 to 35 of these movies are on some of my other collection i bought.so my 2 is for the movies that i didn't have,and if you have never bought one of these before you may like it better than me,but be warned the transfers on this set are poor even by this company's standerds
drive_in movie classics.i like the movies but i didn't like the mill creek entertainment logo that comes up 3 or 4 times on the screen when your watching a movie.i own all the 50 packs and no other pack has this annoying logo that comes up except this one and dark crimes.if i had knew this i would have never bought these two.if you don't mind logo coming up 3 or 4 times on the screen when your watching a movie then buy this
thank you hugh bonneville.were it not for the fine performance of hugh bonneville, this movie would have been too painful for this viewer to watch.  "daniel deronda" leads you to believe that this was a movie about romance among the british aristocracy and all of the delectable accoutrements surrounding the genre.  however, it fell dreadfully short of demonstrating the integrity of its description.  was this a story about the english aristocracy or was it a story about jews creating a homeland? these two themes are too broad and rich for either to be a believable sub-plot. therefore, it should have been decided which theme would prevail rather than awkwardly cramming both into one story line.  nevertheless, hugh bonneville's portrayal of henley grandcourt was stellar. he was deliciously sinister, and so much more could have been drawn out of the story between him and his wife, gwendolyn, and their tumultuous marriage. captalizing on the dynamics between these two characters would have made it a much more engaging film. the title character's (daniel deronda)quest for meaning in his life was extremely disjointed; it didn't fit well with the rest of the movie on any level. it was, as it were, a story all its own--a story so contrived that it frustrated the rest of the movie.  hence, it ended up being a period film minus the intrigue, mystery, and passion one expects from this genre
chaplin classic deserves a better dvd.warner must have fell asleep at the wheel with its dvd reissue of charlie chaplin's "monsieur verdoux." the "remastered" print is dark, murky and virtually unwatchable. in fact, it's a strain on the eyes! the additional star is given only for the extras -- especially the excellent "chaplin today" documentary. this dvd should be taken off the market until warner gets its act together.
this movie is hell on earth....this is not one of adam sandler's better films. in fact, it is downright bad and will appeal only to die hard adam sandler fans or satanists. just how bad is it? well, keep in mind that despite appearances in the film by harvey keitel, patricia arquette, rodney dangerfield, quentin tarantino, regis philbin, henry winkler, reese witherspoon, ozzy osbourne, and cast members from "saturday night live", the film was still was pilloried by the critics and had a very brief run in theatres...the plot is simple. satan, played by harvey keitel, has three sons, of whom, nicky, played by adam sandler as if he were auditioning for the role of quasimodo in "the hunchback of notre dame", is the youngest. satan declines to name a successor to his throne and, instead, proclaims his intention to rule hell for another ten thousand years, much to the consternation of his two power hungry older sons. his proclamation throws them into a rage. they leave hell and go to earth, knowing that their defection will bring about the eventual death of their father, satan...satan sends nicky to earth to bring back his errant brothers, so that he may live and continue his rule. nicky lands on earth and is given an earthly guide in the guise of a talking dog. together they proceed to have a number of adventures. not even this contrivance, however, can save this film. the funny moments are often ham handed, sophomoric, and few and far between. the movie is pure self indulgence and leaves the viewer with a sense of embarrassment for those who participated in the making of this film. save your money. there are better adam sandler movies
a minority opinion.in case you've missed the plot summary, it goes like.this: sharon stone plays a cold-blooded, near-sociopathic.novelist whose boyfriend has just been murdered. the .crime, which involves some barely believable bondage.is a replica of one she described in her last novel..michael douglas is the detective on the case and jeanne.tripplehorn is the police psychologist who is douglas'.ex-girlfriend and is-in violation of any ethical.standard imagineable-giving him counselling after.a questionable shooting that left innocent bystanders.dead..so the question is 'whodunnit?'..and the answer is 'who cares?'...the plot is unbelievable-real cops would have solved.this murder in a day or two. the acting ranges from.giggle-worthy (douglas) to creditable (stone and .tripplehorn). the complications are shrill and forced.and the attempts to complicate the whodunit are.so sad that they're almost not worth a parody...so why two stars? it's a beautiful movie and worth.seeing once (although you may want to fast-forward.through a lot of it) stone's rendition of the .cheerful sociopath is good. her nude scenes are delicious.and best of all, she is the second most beautiful.creature in the film..top awards for elegant nudity go to tripplehorn who.is absolutely breath-taking even with her clothes on. .those of you whose aesthetic is different from mine .may want to say the same of douglas..but even a naked jeanne tripplehorn is not.enough to make a good movie. director paul verhoeven,.who did spetters and robocop does a credible job.on this badly written, ill-conceived flick..i understand that the film was under consideration.for a raspberry award and that only makes me .wonder how bad the film was that beat it.  ...lynn hoffman, author of the new short course in wine and the forthcoming novel, bang-bang from kunati press
original instincts.with all the buzz surrounding the release of basic instinct 2 ("will sharon stone look as good nude at 48 as she did at 34?"), i got a hold of this director's cut and decided to see the original.  i'd never seen it in '92, turned off by all the hype surrounding stone's "leg crossing" scene.  i should have stuck to my original instincts...yes, there is suspense in this movie:  is stone really the killer?  unfortunately, that question was never definitively answered...which set up the opening for today's long delayed release of the sequel. but unlike the "classic" movies which transcend their own era and bring a compelling story or characters to any time they may be viewed, this movie now comes across like that 70's show, so mired in the artificial conventions of the time in which it was filmed that it is an embarrassment when seen today; sort of like having someone show the pictures of you in your leisure suit and platform shoes of 30 years ago.  you can't believe you actually ever dressed like that...i am not sure that anyone was ever as hip, cool, liberated, and callous as the character in this film are supposed to be, but what comes across today is a cast of quite unlikable people acting in ways that defy logic.  i can't, for example, imagine michael douglas making this movie today, and not simply because he's too old to pull it off.  rather, the reason would seem to be that we have all matured past the pseudo-cynical "edge" that his "nick" displays throughout this film.  indeed, for all the panting and brow furrowing, the only characters the viewer really winds up caring about are nick's therapist-girlfriend (who is apparently and successfully framed for the crimes committed by stone's character, and who then meets an unfortunate end), and his down-to-earth partner, who meets a similar and related fate...it was sensationalism and sex that sold this movie 14 years ago; but sensationalism wears off, and sex is now available literally anywhere.  those attractions taken away, this film and the execution of its basic story simply do not hold up.  in short, i am glad i passed this film by 14 years ago, i am sorry i spent the time to see it now, and there is no really reason for a sequel.
waste of time.what a disappointment!  this dvd should be entitled 'd-12 all across europe.' seeing behind the scenes was interesting but if i had wanted to see a travelogue of europe i would have purchased a travel documentary.  don't get me wrong, i'm a huge fan of em' but what was the purpose of endless scenes of the concert crowds and waving hands?  this dvd isn't worth taking the time to watch -- save your money
it's no citizen kane.i found this film accidentially on amazon and was curious because i know welles didn't complete a great deal of films.  his directorial flourishes are definitely evident, but it is hard to really enjoy the film do to the quality of the transfer.  the picture is dark and the audio is exceptionally bad.  it looks like there were some budgetary issues in the making of the film so i couldn't tell whether this was a bad dvd presentation of a mediocre film, or an awful movie put on dvd badly.  i did not shell out of the criterion edition, which might give a better glimpse into the qualities of the film
appauling quality.this is a potentially very good film. interesting idea (bearing some resemblance to "angel heart"). sadly marred by a quite appauling transfer. i don't think i've ever bought (dvd or video) or seen (tv or cinema) quite such an awful copy of a movie. it is clearly stuck together from more than one original, with the logo "delta" appearing now and again in the bottom right hand corner, but don't be misled into thinking this is the most complete version. the term "special edition" seems to refer only to the fact that it has been released !!!!! tony curtis does an incredibly poor intro and epilogue (clearly from some late night cheap tv series)...don't buy it...maybe there's a better version (i read talk of a "critereon" disc), maybe not. still, it really isn't worth (any) money
extremely good story but terrible picture quality.i bought orson welles citizen kane and liked it so i decided to watch other welles movies. i bought mr. arkadin because the dvd is cheap and rated high on imdb. i should have buyed touch of evil instead. the quality of the picture is laughable, sometimes there are glitches in the sound during scene changes. judging by the picture and sound quality i would say that they used equipment from the 30's to shoot and edit the movie and that the print used for that transfer was stored in a refrigerator during 45 years. welles directing work is good but obviously he had to deal with the poor quality of the european movie industry of the 50's. sometimes the picture shake, during the opening credits the captions are white on a white or gray background so we can't read everything. the editing is very poor, there are too many scene changes. when i bought this dvd i expected to receive the laserlight version, instead i got a dvd made by alpha video. the case cover is different and there is no supplemental material. he was mastered cheaply on a pc with the spruceup dvd maestro software, that seem to create problems, each time i try to play the disc on my computer the fbi warning message appear and then the disc eject. i didn't notice any audio syncing problems however. this movie is the perfect candidate for a remake. i give **** for the story and * for the overall quality of the movie
poor quality ruins the experience.i am referring to the laser light dvd edition of this film, which promises the best digital transfer of the film.  that is great, but they used the worst print anyone could concieve to transfer!  i taped this off of television awhile back and decided to buy a dvd version and this is 100 times worse than the version i taped myself on the slowest speed off of late night tv!  in reading other reviews it appears that there is a much better vhs version and i would recommend that over this.  do not be fooled like i was with the fine condition of welles' quot;the trialquot; by laser light or the pipe smoking picture packaging of this.  this version of arkardin is a total waste of money
eva green, eva green, eva green, eva green. nothing else..well you know the drill. some people will like anything that is "artsy" or "out of the ordinary" or "made by that great director". its a different kind of herd but a herd nevertheless...the movie is about incest. it is about sex and adolescence. and, ironically, it is some kind of a parody of the very crowd that is giving this movie rave reviews. the best part of this movie is eva green. or, more precisely, eva green's body. i didn't care about her acting (i thought it was mediocre). i just sat there and drunk her body in, wishing that i was that lucky actor (whats his name again?). the only reason to watch this movie is eva green. if she was indeed exploited by the elderly director with an intimidating reputation, then i am glad it happened. the movie is visually rich. in fact, its so rich that bertolucci seems to be masturbating his sensibilities for us all to see. but i will take it. he captures and celebrates eve green's stunning body - every square millimeter of it(including her genitals - the movie is nc17 for a reason), to perfection. other than that, there is nothing else in the movie. the story is utterly insipid, the old movie clips, the "discussion" of morality or whatever ... nothing interesting. the music is another plus point...bottomline, watch it for eva green's body. it deserves five stars. but the movie deserves only two
could i give it zero stars?.politics aside (which is hard to do since that's the point of the show, a conservative verson of the simpsons if you will), this show is not the least bit funny.  the promos for the show looked great, but you're in for a major disappointment when you find out that the jokes are lame, predictable, and does a horrible job with political correctness.  imho, this is what you get when rush limbaugh and sean hannity get together with animators and write a sitcom.  don't bother renting or watching this show.   and to think fox cancelled arrested development and kept this turd of a show.  sad.
this show just isn't funny!.i am a huge fan of family guy, and maybe i expected too much from this show but it's just not funny! i have really tried hard to like this show, but i just dont laugh when i watch it what more can i say?! and they really needed a different voice for the dad character, it just sounds like brian the dog from family guy and it's clearly obvious that it's the same person. this was a bad move on their part.....anyway, this show wont do more than 2 seasons and i have a great record of calling the failure of tv shows, see my arrested development review, so unfortunately this show just isn't funny. it's basically futurama mixed with the family guy except with all of the jokes taken out
you gotta be kidding..if some of the past cartoon characters could write reviews it would probably go something like this....."uuugh!" by charlie brown. "this stinks doc!" by bugs bunny. "ha! ha! i agree with bugs" by mickey mouse. "this show makes urban chipmunk look like a winner." by alvin, theodore and simon. "yabba dabba doooo...not waste your hard earned cash!" by fred flintstone. i've got an idea to improve the show. combine it with nbc's fear factor. instead of eating something nasty in the second stunt. have all the contestants (including the host of fear factor) sit through an episode for american dad. the contestant that can go the longest without hurling wins! but, then again nobody would win the fifty thousand dollars, because they would all be eliminated. this proves how out of control the fox network is. they cancel great shows in the past like...titus and grounded for life. but, keep the stinkers like american dad. the only thing they ever did right was cancel "that 80's show!" and "greg the bunny". hopefully fox sports can work on ousting ole d.w. for a nascar expert
what else is new?.this is not the first interview that fra. junge has given. view the sensational 1974 documentary, "the world at war,' narrated by lord laurence olivier, and you will see a much younger junge musing over her tenure with hitler. most of the information that she provides in this documentary was given in "the world at war." the 1974 documentary is filled with footage of hitler. having had relatives who were in germany at the time, and personally knowing former german soldiers and officers, i find it difficult to believe that junge did not know of the nazi death camps as both rumors and hard evidence surfaced while they were going on. i believe she knew but because of the fact that she was so taken by hitler, perhaps she did not want to believe the rumors. my mother personally met hitler when she was 15 and was totally mezmerized by his apparent charm and grace. at any rate, "blind spot" repeats "the world at war" interviews, and is a "talking head" that would have been better produced with raw footage with voice-over. the three stars is for effort, minus one star for "nothing new" and minus another star for german and not english (english sub-titles). the younger frau spoke good english in 1974 but is lost in "blind spot."  s
against my better judgment.i watched this with some trepidation, and i have to say it was both better and worse than i thought it would be.  it was better because it remained fairly true to the original, in terms of retaining the multiple conflicting story lines and the ambiguous ending.  it was worse because the attempts at erotica were less entertaining than the original, and i found stone's lampshade hairstyle oddly distracting...a couple of things kept me viewing this dvd.  one was the london setting, which gave me an opportunity to see what time has done to one of my old home towns.  the other was sharon stone's rather plucky performance, and the presence of charlotte rampling, who has aged into a different kind of beauty.  morrisey doesn't even come close to filling michael douglas's shoes, and it's hard to feel sorry for him at the end...as with the first movie, you are left with the feeling that there was a better film waiting to be made.  the basic idea of a psychotic novelist who feels compelled to act out her fantasies in real life is an intriguing one.  however, both movies were quick to abandon hitchcockian understatement for speeding cars and gratuitous sex.  there's nothing wrong with either of these things, but here they just get in the way
beautiful sharon stone aside, the film is just awful.sharon stone reprises the role of crime novelist catherine tramell that made her internationally famous back in 1992. the truth is, she shouldn't have...`basic instinct 2' has no sizzling sex appeal of leg-crossing catherine 14 years ago. she is (i mean sharon stone) is still beautiful, posing before david morrissey's police psychoanalyst who diagnoses her as `being addicted to risk' with his very serious face. in fact, she is seen in the opening scene doing you know what in the car madly driving in the street of london that ends up with a bizarre traffic accident. ..i know michael caton-jones is trying to set the tone of the entire film. he succeeds, but unintentionally as making it a campy comedy. sharon stone does not miss a single chance to change her fancy dresses, posing before the embarrassed and ensnared david morrissey, delivering such lines as would be imprinted in your memories long after watching the film, about very insightful commentary about oedipus and the smell of the crime scenes. seriously, i am greatly impressed with sharon stone who can deliver such nonsense without making us bored. ..aside from the uncanny ability of sharon stone who can be in outrageous character, `basic instinct 2' has nothing that would justify making the long-delayed sequel. murders are shown by the number way; the trauma of the psychiatrist (virtually recycling the same material as the original) is just uninteresting; and the worst is the dearth of sexual thrills surrounding catherine. sharon stone looks sexy, that is good, but few scenes can successfully convey the suggested dangers behind this character...the supports like david thewlis, hugh dancy and charlotte rampling are also wasted (especially dancy who appears and soon goes away). the confusing climax and a `big surprise' (or is it?) is annoying bad, having no impact on us whatever. do those who made this film really mean that as ending?..it is true that you just cannot take your eyes off sharon stone, but not the same reason as she was in the original, which was really erotic and exciting. this one is simply not
disappointed.basic instinct was a pretty good movie.  basic instinct 2, not so good.  but sharon stone is still hot!  it is worth buying the movie just to see her
be nice to people on your way up..don't bother.  just don't bother.  it's sad to see
this is not misunderstood culture...this is garbage.this is not some artsy production that less cerebral people can't seem to grasp.  this is just assanine.  earthworms, bird feathers, daddy proudly flaunting all two inches?  if you don't mind sitting through a a senseless story where a girl (who never changes clothes for days on end) rides her bicycle to a lumber mill every day to stare at some guy who never speaks, then this is the emovie for you. if your idea of a good fantasy is having an earthworm crawl on you or your girl and a feather quill in the (...), then this just may be for you.  this film is mindless. .watching is a sadistic form of punishment
the awakening of another psycho-b.....another catherine breillart examination of a weird-ass french chick.  i have a hunch that is a description of the writer/director herself.  at any rate, the real interest became a guessing game as to what inanimate object the heroine would insert in herself next.  a trying and boring distillation of everything that is absurd and exasperating with introspective, obsessive intellectualism. the young lady is lovely, and i hope she found better material for herself in her later career...whenever i am exposed to one of these extravaganzas of repulsive people doing shocking things, i always think of elliot gould as the photographer in little murders, who is embraced and lionized by the intelligencia when he starts photographing dog poo on the streets of new york.  and why not?  isn't it nature?  doesn't it symbolize and comment on the way we live? yeah, right. have fun.
i didn't enjoy this movie..i bought this movie because of charlotte alexandra. i had seen her in a really good movie with charlotte rampling called "the pool." she was beautiful to watch and played well against one of my favorite actresses, charlotte rampling. .."a real young girl" on dvd was of low quality and didn't make sense to me. i can not recommend it. some scenes were just gross. it was not even a little sexy. it was sophomoric...i did follow amazon's suggestion and also bought two other movies; "romance"  "frivolous lola." "romance" was good but a little dis-jointed and needlessly explicit in some parts and not explicit enough in other parts. the other characters were flat and empty. .."frivolous lola" was hilarious, explicit, sexy, and fun even if it was a little dated. i will see this movie again with friends just to laugh
if this girl is "real", i'm doubly glad i'm not french.technical stuff first - the movie was filmed in 1976 and set in the early '60s.  the writer/director's second film, it seems to be a commentary on the mixed emotions an adolescent girl has about her blossoming sexuality.  only released in french with english subtitles an option on the dvd...the acting is remarkably wooden with very stilted dialog - the frequent voiceover is essential to give story to the audience, and it still leaves much of the plot murky.  the cinematography is not awful - about what one could expect from a fairly new director in france in the mid-70s...the amount of nudity, some pretty explicit, is going to shock people, particularly since it's done by an actress who is portraying a teen.  her appearance (young 20s) is explained in voiceover, when she comments that she's very well-developed for her age...so far, not so shocking - but this is one disturbed girl.  walking about with her ankles hobbled by her underwear, performing autoeroticism with a spoon while at a meal with her parents, wearing her vomit to write in her diary - these early scenes are a mere warmup.  the earthworm, pulled to pieces and dropped onto or rubbed over her vagina while she's bound spreadeagle with barbed wire in a fantasy sequence underlines the disgust the protaganist feels toward herself.  ..this appears to be a statement from a facet of feminism that bewails the awfulness of being female - something that usually does not appear in real people until after the very late teens...there are some "real" scenes in this movie, but mme. breillat's overstatement and drive to shock makes it a story well worth skipping.  i understand that her later work is much better and more accessable
a real young girl.don't buy it!!!  this is a terible movie. and subtitled at that!  amazaon list the vhs version as subtitled but not the dvd version. amazan is bad in this regard so watch out
what the heck is this.....uhmmm first of all, why is it just about three of them??? there's kerry russel , and jc chasez on there also that's kind of wrong....the only talent on there is christina and the other two can't sing...but they can sure dance...wow wut a skill
major disappointment.i thought this dvd was going to be highlights from only them and their featured skits.  i was completely disappointed to find out it was episodes involving everyone.  granted i used to watch mmc everyday so it was nice, but not when you are expecting something completely different.  i don't think i saw a skit without jimmy fallon on his best of snl dvd.
disapointing.i loved the new mickey mouse club from season 1, even as new episodes were showing while i was still in high school.  i was very excited to see that disney was releasing this, even if it were only  a few episodes based around three of the many talented kids on the show.  the fond memories i have that revolve around this show...however, the four episodes on this dvd did not highlight the talent of christina, britney and justin or the rest of the cast for that matter.  all the musical numbers (except one) were prerecorded from the mmc concert. the skits were not some of the best, but keri russel fans will probably get a kick out of seeing her in many of the episodes.  i hope people who buy this dvd don't judge the entire show on these four episodes.
no power.the book of acts is a book of power!  sadly, this is what is lacking in the dvd presentation.  the minute i began watching i knew it was going to be a weak (acting) rendition of the story.  thankfully, it is word for word from the bible, which is why i gave it two stars.  reading through the book of acts one can almost feel the electricity of the holy spirit working in and through the lives of the apostles and believers.  all of that is lost in the dvd presentation.  ..i would not recommend this dvd.  stick to the book instead
don't waste your time !.i recommend you to not waste your time watching this movie. i'm a huge fan of christian and biblical movies, but this "acts" movie is a shame, it's ridiculous! there's an other film that i fully recommend: "the gospel of john", this one worths to be watched. the peace of the lord be with you
mr sam.the whole movie was good and word for word with the bible.the issue that i have is the acting played by james brolin did not show peter as commanding.also it seemed to me that there were not enough back ground actors.it was kind of dull
let this be a warning....this movie is so bad that it's bad. this movie is beyond being so bad that it's good. it's just terrible. all the one-liners fall flat. there's no good horror sequences, because it's pretty clear there's no budget. it looks like it was shot on digital video by a freshman film student at a junior college. (every now and then the dp tilts the camera angle, like that's supposed to make it creative and edgy). the acting is horrible, but you can't really blame the actors. the script is pretty pathetic. (for some reason they can't leave the bakery, even though they actually do several times). it's a good idea for a b horror movie, and that's why i rented it, but it's only 71 minutes long and focuses on this stupid love story instead of the fact that there's a cookie killing people!!! see, cookie killing people = exciting. stupid love story on digital video with a horrible script = not interesting. the only reason i made it through the whole thing is because it's only 71 minutes long...so, let's recap: forget about this movie. it looks interesting and funny, but it's not. i love b horror movies, and i can't rate this one low enough. and don't let the gary busey gimmick entice you. he's only in one scene, and then it's just a few voiceover lines for the cookie. horrible movie. f-
horrible, but we all knew that going into it..seeing this hilariously titled dvd i picked it up for rental knowing full well that it has no possibility of being good.  i needed a good laugh and i got some.  like another viewer said, why would the girl use baking ingredients left mysteriously in alley that were just in a box, no seal, no plastic wrap.....when they were dropped off, how did that person know the idiot bakers would add blood to it and deliver lightning bolts to the oven to activate it?  dumb.  also, all the characters knew of the dangerous gingerbread man in the bakery but they never left to get help, it was as easy as opening the door and leaving, but no...can't do that.  poor plot, script, acting, everything was poor.  this movie is obviously just for chuckles and nothing more
i am disappointed....well...is this movie supposed to be funny, make you laugh, then make you scream too ? it said: comedy / horror....well...i wonder why i was laughing only in one scene where the butcher baker was eating the gingerdead man, then said "got milk ?"......somehow i can't get the feeling that i am in the movie...it's like you watch everything then...blank....you don't know what's happening, i just can't feel the intense of the actors/actresses when they were scared.....to be honest..., i have never made any reviews to the movies before, even when it didn't entertain me much....but this movie is just so boring...., and i am so dissapointed
gingerdead man butchers busey's career.oh sweet humanity.  it's been about a week since i watched gingerdead man, and the shock still has yet to subside.  i've always been a fan of b-horror movies, and usually the accepted standard is that the more ridiculous the movie, the more entertaining.  this certainly held true for the half dozen or so child's play sequels.  but every now and then, a movie like gingerdead man comes along and shatters your faith in b-movie directors to adhere to even the most primitive standards of tasteless entertainment.  gingerdead man doesn't take the quality of b-movies down a subtle notch so much as it sends it plummeting over the side of the grand canyon...to be fair, i wasn't expecting much from gingerdead man.  but there are several misleading factors.  i give credit to gary busey for courageously allowing his name to be printed on the cover of this sick abortion.  even the most degenerate of hollywood junkies realize how quickly a movie like this can shoot down what little reputation one still has, and busey faces the music like the folks going down with the titanic.  but for the trouble of headlining this "movie", busey appears in it for all of three excruciating minutes.  true, he supplies the voice of the gingerdead man, for all the ten or so words he mumbles.  the other misleading factor is the size of the gingerdead man himself.  the cover shows a large gingerdead man, presumably the height of a human, with the ability to terrorize them at eye level, overpower them, and give glorious chase.  nope.  disappointment #104 of the film is the revelation of a very unmenacing 9" tall gingerdead man who, incidentally, doesn't do much besides snicker morbidly from the corner at a few terrified bakery workers...the movie comprises not so much a "plot" as a series of loosely connected fever dreams.  the viewer is never told who the mysterious hooded figure is who leaves busey's cremated ashes at the backdoor of the bakery, but at this point in the movie it hardly matters.  the baker girl wouldn't actually use ingredients left in the street by a stranger to make her pastries, would she?  and even if she did, her friend wouldn't conveniently cut his hand to extract the blood necessary for the "curse" to initiate, would he?  and even if he did, he wouldn't deliberately hold his bleeding hand over the batch of gingerbread mix, would he?  and even if his blood did splatter the gingerbread mix, the baker girl wouldn't still use the contaminated dough to make cookies for customers, would she?  and even if she did, there wouldn't be a freak electrical surge that somehow sends bolts of lightning into the oven, would there?..adherence to a neanderthal's understanding of reason and logic isn't a well-versed trait within the b-movie genre, but a shred of basic entertainment isn't asking too much.  it is in this respect where gingerdead man reaches its lowest ebb.  the 99% of the film which is supposed to be gory filler for the lack of post-3rd grade writing ability is neither gory nor entertaining.  it's just flat-out boring.  the gingerdead man attempts a few lame chucky-esque one-liners, each one of them falling flatter than the lifeline of busey's career.  the characters are shallow and degenerate.  the butcher baker is a straight-up fag.  the one semi-redeeming quality in this rotting swamp of cimenatic putresence is the main star/hot chick.  but her nudity-less performance is merely a cruel tease.  if the director had any soul whatsoever, he would've cast an ugly girl so as to avoid the anticipation of a gratuitous sex scene to allieviate our pain...the only measureable emotion derived from experiencing this rocket-propelled train wreck is sorrow.  sorrow and pity for gary busey.  he used to star in movies like "lethal weapon" and "point break".  now he shamelessly flouts his roles in movies like "gingerdead man".  watching busey stagger his way through a fellow cast which doesn't posess the verbal skill to pull off helen keller in "the miracle worker" is something akin to watching the death throes of a bug that's been doused with raid.  you just want it to die so it won't suffer anymore.     ..please avoid this movie at all costs, especially if you are a fan of b-movies.  "gingerdead man" quite nearly ruined me as far as my ability to weigh risk aversion.  it will be some time before i can muster up the bravery to trod the b-movie section of my local blockbuster.  "gingerdead man" is the uncooked egg that runs through your fork.  it is the chunk of grizzle in an otherwise flawless set of sausage links.  it's liza manelli singing the finale at the freddy mercury tribute show.  this movie shatters the trust between b-movie producer and b-movie fan, causing the fan to instinctively crack each proceeding shell before tasting, rightfully suspicious of another bitter dud.  you've been warned
the gingerdead man dvd review:.what do you expect people? gary busey is a killer gingerbread man? in all, busey is a convicted killer who gets fried on the eletric chair for the death of the main character's dad and boyfriend at their bakery. his mother, however, requested the ashes. then she dropped them off at the bakery and took off. knowing that, the audience can go one form there. the acting wasn't that bad as it thought it was going to be though. overall, i am suprised that there wasn't a larger body count
pillsbury train wreck.first, under any possible metric this is not a movie.  this is a one hour re-hash of child's play done with a gingerbread man.  you heard me... 1 hour.  and 7 minutes of it is beginning and ending credits.  even as a derivative work this falls woefully short of being entertainment.  the plot resembles swiss cheese that's been hit with a 12 guage shot gun.  gary busey, who must still be suffering from being on his "celebrity fat farm" show and grappling with alcohol and/or substance abuse, provides all of 3 minutes screen time and the incessant "chucky like" audio of the ginger bread man to this garbage.  the plot is almost identical to child's play.  a killer dies and gets re-animated vis a vis an improbable inanimate object. (in this case a gingerbread man, and yes they make a pillsbury dough boy joke in this god awful waste of celluloid)  the acting is spotty all around from the cast. (snotty rich blonde girlfriend, unworthy for me to remember the name, is sooo bad at her role i actually wanted to throw a brick at my tv) gary gets points for acting crazy... but is it really acting?  the filmmakers make sure to add plenty of nubile 20 something eye candy (for both guys and girls) by making sure all the main characters are in skin tight clothes.  if you want a combination slash/flasher flick, look elsewhere... there's zero nudity.  let's get down to the goods.  it's short. very short.  it's a giant retarded episode of "tales from the darkside".  the bads: just about everything else, the plot, the dialogue, the plot, the crappy special effects, did i mention the plot? *ugh* folks, i write my thoughts after watching stuff like this to complete my penance for something, anything i have ever done wrong.  karma out of whack? watch this, it will atone for most any wrongs you may have committed
"welcome... to myyyyy world!"....and it isn't pretty. "the next generation" is a stain on the legacy of the original texas chainsaw massacre. "the next generation" is a campy attempt to emulate tobe hooper's masterpiece , only "the next generation" has virtually no gore, creepiness, realness, grittiness, and hardly enough entertainment to keep one from falling asleep during the duration of the film. the only thing worth watching in "the next generation" is matthew mcconaughy's tongue in cheek acting as a psychopathic, sadistic, and wife beating hick. otherwise, this poor and increasingly bizarre adaptation of tcm tries too hard to shock its audience while disintegrating into pure incomprehensible nonsense..stick with the tcm films directed by tobe hooper as well as the remake and leave this one to rot in the garbage bin where it belongs
this was a funni one.ok lets cut to the chase this movie sucked...bad!!the only reason i gave this movie 2 stars was because that guy wilmer or vilmer or w.e who was played by matthew mconaughey was madd funni!!and me and my friends enjoyed laughing at leatherface who was the biggest baby u could possibly imagine!!i just wantyed to punch the telivision screen because for two things...1.i couldnt bare to comprehend that a excellent slasher as tcm was ruined by this dumb movie and 2.because leatherface wouldnt stop screaming cause he is a loser!!!!!!!and ur supposed to be afraid of this loser?i have seen the first,third and the remake all i thought were excellent movies and i am hoping to see tcm2 which i have heard good things about.only see this movie for a good laugh
cropped pictures yack!.yes! .i agree with the other reviewers!.this is the one vandamm movie i love and when i found it in my one used shop i was so extatic i never looked to see screen format! i never though that it would be full screen@!#!*!%!!!!!..ye gods!.it totally ruins that wonderful sceen in the kitchen of him doing the splits!.hey ya i'm a red-blooded female...and i can go ouch at that scene too! that stunt hurts to do and man.....whistle.....looks very nice!.the cropping really really ruins the impressive impact of that scene and i've not see the picture since it first came out..it was really a disappointment when i saw full screen ..come on universal!!!..we want wide screen!.full picture!!!!..this is a fantastic action picture and a crying shame to see it in full screen only!!!!!
not  as advertised -- and i can't take it bach!.its dvd packaging claims that crazed "features a fully nude lesbian scene between daisy duke herself catherine bach and critically acclaimed character actress leslie caron."  i don't know how you define "fully nude," but i would say it means ...duh...full nudity, not mere toplessness. crazed, which is being sold on the basis of this non-existent scene, not only lacks the promised full nudity from bach -- *nobody* at all is fully naked. furthermore, *there is no lesbian love scene at all* between any characters in this film! troma, right on the package, says that "because of this notorious scene, crazed has become one of the most sought-after movies on the cult-film circuit!" what scene?! there is one small bit featuring bach and caron in a bedroom, but it cuts away while they are *fully-clothed*. in another, bach is only topless, and only for a few seconds. there is no "notorious scene" in crazed -- only notoriously bad picture quality, the likes of which troma has become known for, when it comes to the older films they unapologetically slap on dvd with little respect for the source material or customer. a more quality-cognizant company would explain on the package that the film was mastered from a poor print, so the buyer knows what he's (not)getting. troma has released some fun films of its own in pristine condition, but the vast majority of its "golden oldies" look like they were pulled out of lloyd kaufman's toilet. in crazed, there is a  glitch or two in the picture that makes it look like a used video tape (which seems to have been the source). unfortunately, dvds are one of the few goods for which the misled consumer has no recourse. once you open a dvd, no store will take it back on the basis of not-as-stated. is that fair? what if you bought a dozen eggs and the carton contained 10? what if you purchased an "antique" that was sold to you on the basis of being 100 years old, but it was only a replica? i work hard for my money (never meaning to quote donna summer), and i resent the false claims made by troma for crazed. either troma doesn't verify what's written on its own dvd packages or it knowingly misleads buyers with false promises of non-existent scenes just to part them with a couple of ten-dollar bills. it's a shame, because the movie itself is an arty erotic curio that would otherwise be worth owning
faded and washed out picture quality..awful looking photography. i did not enjoy watching this film because the picture was so faded. hopefully they will redo this dvd some day
oh please, this is the worst insult to comics and their fans....as a comic book reader and a fan of the superhero genre, to me, the adam west batman tv show was the ultimate insult hollywood has ever done to an american artform.  hollywood gave the impression that comic books and superheroes are kids entertainment alone, "so let's treat it very phooney in the live action format."  cast two actors (who were never very good), give them really cheesy costumes and fake looking sets, write terrible two dimensional scripts, and some wild sound effects, and that's you're comic book tv show in primetime.  it's awful, and it's something that comic book fans and indeed those who work in the industry itself have tried for decades to get beyound of.  in the case of marvel, i think they have at succeeded, but dc comics has failed to get the point, and indeed they still make tv shows and movies on their heroes that are just as bad, and in some cases worse then this series ever was, case in point, the recent catwoman movie with halle berry.  i rest my case
a thin, stiffly acted, dated, cliche of a movie..what's all the fuss about. ms. hepburn doesn't act. our leading man is plodding and mumbles half the time. eddie albert's restraint is utterly-unbelievable. any two-bit paparazzi worth their weight in tin would have turned in those pictures for millions! what is peck left with? a long life of knowing he's got a girl friend he can't touch, see, or speak with...i find this movie depressing. hepburn chooses the stifling life of a princess for the "honor", instead of following the man she loves and running down that empty corridor screaming out his name as he walks out at the end, having chucked the whole royal kit-and-kabootle for her man. ..peck choose poverty instead of instant journalistic fame? albert takes one for his buddy and is now stuck doing endless pin-up photos in his dank drab loft? ..i mean really people. would you like to live with the staff at the palace? endless "league of nations" speeches, and all the time wondering what the man of your dreams is doing? i'm sure she'd face the fate of lady di trying to escape her monotonous life. and to think she may even risk marrying someone like prince charles, a stiff approved of by her entourage. depressing. ..peck is forever seeing what could have been as no one believes a word of what he says when he finally comes out with the truth on his deathbed. and the only source he has is the former pin-up photographer down the hall in the rest home, the one who constantly mutters at the ceiling, "my photos coulda been a contenda" while taking pictures of nurses with his 1950 pinhole camera, the one without film they let him keep for patient management sake...depressing. ..we should have heard a "wait" as peck walks out of the last frame. audrey running, her tiara falling to the marble floor, shoes flying off, holding her dress as the entire press corp chases after the both of them. they jump into the river again. eddie, knowing she'd break, waits in a scooter and off they go into the roman sunset for a true roman holiday...but nooooooooooo.....
did bunuel know any poor people?.this movie draws you in. there's no doubt about it. but you soon sense that something is wrong. and what that is is both a sense of impending and overwhelming evil and a gross caricature of the poor. apparently bunuel imagined himself as a realist in assessing human nature as essentially corrupt and irreformable. but this is simply not true, as anyone who has worked with the poor and suffering can tell you. yes, the lives of the suffering can be turned around with charity, especially charity informed by faith in christ. i've seen it myself many times...so one has to ask, did bunuel ever try helping others, or is this movie just one long excuse for his own failure to love his neighbor as himself? the deconstructor should not be above deconstruction, and his psychological motivation for producing this film should be subject to scrutiny by his own method for analyzing human behavior...regardless of his clumsy attempt to deride religion and virtue, the main character, viridiana, comes across as a heroic woman, and the anti-hero comes across as an amoral lout, so much so, that most people will sympathize with viridiana and religion...for this reason, the movie merits a couple of stars. the movie also has value for its place in the history of cinema and modernist thought, and as a warning against the latter
agree about sterile yoga.i agree with s. wilson about this video being somehow "sterile".  i have many yoga videos,  had high hopes for this one, but found it disappointing compared to lilias folan's yoga videos.  if you're new to yoga, her beginner's videos are easy to follow and very effective.  if you want to practice with the aid of a chair, try "healing yoga for aches  pains", which i found incredibly good for relieving arthritis pain and stiffness.  just my 2 cents.
sterile yoga.peggy does show how to modify yoga poses for anyone with physical challenges; however, it is presented in a sterile, uninviting format.  she seems embarrassed to even smile and the participants work hard at looking straight ahead rather than looking relaxed or enjoying the yoga experience
time waister.sufficient movie to waist a couple hours downtime here in afghanistan. that's it though
don't waste your time.don't buy this dvd. they've included some of the exact same sketches already shown on seasons 1-3 right down to the music performances at the end. on one episode, they showed another bad creation performing, they were on season 2. just watch it onn tv
totally sucks.this season totally sucks.  damon wayans was what really put fire into the show, but he left.  he did make some comebacks on men on fitness and handi man, which were the classics.  keenan and marlon were only on there for half of a season.  this was truly the last season of in livin' color because after this, all the wayans sibilings were gone.  what really made this season suck were cutting off the original sketches that were funny :  the whitney houston, boys ii men, joe and latoya jackson's parody to michael's "in the closet", the jackson bunch, prince (why they do that!?), and michael jacksons black  white (big big mistake!!!!!! - i'm mad cuz that was the best and funniest in living color sketch!!!!!!).  total ripoff!  they don't edit these sketches when they play them on bet (they are on bet now) so for those that did'nt buy this dvd, do not waste your money on this piece of trash that does not give you the complete episodes!!!  just tape them on bet!  i'm really disgusted and i give this dvd a f-!!!!
show itself is good but....like i said, the show is good but fox cut sketches which did parodies of music.  such as the brady bunch theme for a michael jackson/jackson family sketch.  and a funny send up of "black and white" in which jackson sings questioning if he is black or white to that famous tune.  disappointing that fox would do this.  i would think most people would pay extra for the complete shows as they were originally aired
not as good as the last ones.honestly i was pretty dissapointed with this season. from the very beginning you can tell the show had sold it's soul. in the first episode keenen ivory comes out in an expensive suit and tries to talk seriously to the crowd. where in the other seasons he would come out in jeans and a t-shirt eager to get the show rolling. it's like they wanted to take this season into the mainstream but they forgot that the comedy is what made it so popular. sure there are still some good sketches. carrey's fire marshal bill character is funnier then ever. however there is a serious lack of skits on each episode. the fly girls went from being an intro to and from commercials to having two solid 4-5 minute dance routines. that on top of 10 minute rap acts at the end of the show really cut into the sketch time(some episodes have only 3 skits on them!). you just dont get the amount of pure comedy that you did with earlier ones. it's like they were trying to fit so much other stuff into the show, they forgot what it was originally all about. the lack of damon wayans really hurts this season as he had many of the better characters. if you have all the seasons, obviously pick this up. but if your just getting into this series, get season one or two, preferably both. as they are the golden years of this show
homie dont play that.im pissed off.  in living color was my childhood.  in many ways watching this show makes me relive my past.  but i can remeber so much more.  so much more.  is there a reason, is my memoery playing games with me.  no.  this is not in living color.  this is in living color with no soul.  the music has been changed into techno rap that seems just strange.  in living color was known breaking hip hop into the mainstream.  but those great songs are gone.  i asked myself the fly girls seem lame. its not the fly girls its the music thier dancing to.  where are all the music videos  shabba ranks mr ugly man,, vanillia ice.  only thing ive seen is mc hammer.  why are they palying with us.  i dont care if i have to buy another set just give me those videos and lost skits.  please
black sheep.i believe this film is racist towards the sheep but my friend christian really likes it!!!
nothin' like the book....when the beginning of this movie opened i was absolutely sure i wouldn't like it.  it started out so far from the book it was laughable.  first of all, the main character in the movie was shane, however in the novel the main character happened to be the little boy named bob (aka joey as seen in the movie).  bob was the narrator of the entire book and we see what happens through a little boys' eyes.  not just as an observing fly on the wall, watching everything happen around it.  secondly, i didn't exactly enjoy the way it was so lacking in accuracy.  when shane first arrived at the starrett farm in the novel he was wearing all black, and there seemed to be a lot of detail in the way bob noticed him.  while in the movie there was very little in describing shane through the boy's thoughts.  it seemed that the child said very little at all and had even less running through his mind.  however if you wanted my honest opinion on the movie itself, i'd have to say it was good.  i didn't have any problems with the acting in this film and found that the fight scenes were very much like the ones depicted in the novel.  i'd recommend this movie to anyone who has not read the book
i love asia argento...but absolutely hated this movie.first let me say that this movie does, indeed, have subtitles.  unfortunately, this is just one of those annoying dvds where you actually have to turn them on with your remote...i personally think that asia argento is sexy in a very skanky sort of way.  i shouldn't like her as much as i do, but i do anyway.  i think she's gorgeous and her pelvic tattoo is amazing.  i also think she usually has great taste in the projects she takes on in europe, but her american films leave a lot to be desired.  unfortunately, this is not one of her great european movies.  in fact, i think the other reviewers who refered to this movie as "pretentious" were being way too kind.  ..while i admire what asia was wanting to do with this movie, it comes across as more of a  pretentious ( i couldn't think of a better word) teenage-goth-girl-sex-fantasy.  it's a low budget dv feature done in a pseudo-dogma 95 style.  translated that means the script is very minimal and the production values aren't all that great.  some would have you believe this is for "artistic" effect.  personally, i think that's a bunch of crap.  the teenage-goth-girl-sex-fantasy aspect gets really old after about 5 minutes.  the lack of an interesting plot doesn't even make the more superficial ta aspects worth watching.  (and i love my ta!!!!!!!)  ..besides the nudity, i think the only other aspect of this film i liked was the jab they took at director gus van sant, refering to a fictional version of cleopatra he would direct.  (i've heard the italians don't like gus or his movies.)  ..my personal recommendation is not to waste your time with this movie.  if you  must watch this film, borrow a copy from a friend.  if none of your friends own it, or you don't have any friends, rent a copy.  if you are so absolutely obsessed with seeing this movie, to the point you just have to buy a copy, get one from amazon marketplace.  don't pay more than $5 or $6 for it, it's 90 minutes of your life you will never get back again.
1 star for the flick, 5 for the juggs..this movie was so low brow and low budget it was sad to watch..it was more of a movie about asia's secret passions, take the first scene in the trailer, getting taken from behind by the black guy...gimme a break..the only thing and i mean the only thing worth watching in this train wreck was the young woman toward the end with the huge breasts! i mean my mouth dropped at how sexy that woman was..for the rest of the film...i spit on the time i wasted fast forwarding to the nudity..oops, i mean to the good parts..luv moms
pretentious.biggest piece of pretentious (...) i've seen in a long long time!!!..it's all very autobiographical about this really "cool" and "talented" actress anna battista who is adored by her public and so wants to get into directing. daria nicolodi plays anna's mother. (who else?) and asia is shown as nude as can be involved in a handful of sex scenes that are at times bordering on the harder side of softcore (all of course in the interest of "honesty"). and that's about the only good thing that can be said about the movie...the film just screams "me! me! me!" pity that not everyone who is director, writer and actor in one is automatically an orson welles. prior to the start we even have a clip of asia advising us that we probably heard already how bad the film is, but that it really is very good (shouldn't that be up to the viewer to decide???) and that it had saved her life blah blah...this movie has - hands on stomach - some of most pathetic and amateurish performances i have seen in quite some time. it so wants to be arty, hip and experimental and is even shot in three different languages: english, italian and french. i would have actually preferred if the english parts had also been subtitled as i really haven't got a clue what ms argento was mumbling most of the time. in actual fact this ended up being the first dvd where i completely gave up on following the director's commentary: i had to really crank up the sound on it, and still found it hard to hear what she had to say (contentwise: very little anyway). for someone who is supposed to be such an expressive actress, asia simply has the most boring, dull and expressionless voice i have ever heard recorded. ..i was never the biggest asia argento fan, but after watching this flick my respect for her dropped to new lows. this lady has one of the biggest egos in the biz, with unfortunately very little talent or trace of humour to boost and is an utter moron full of pseudo-intellectual pretensions.
spoiled.this was the word used by one reviewer, and it just about sums up the film. another reviewer hit the nail on the head by saying that many young wannabe creative persons start off with highly auto-biographical and introspective pieces of work. usually these are binned, as the person matures. asia seems to have the advantage of a parental environment sufficiently indulgent and well-heeled to let her have her way on film, instead of on scraps of paper like the great majority. but good art is more than self-expression, self-promotion, self-pity and self-indulgence. it should have a satisfying underlying form, say something new to its audience, expose some as yet unperceived truth about life and humanity. art is boring if it merely tells us something we already know, especially if it's told in a semi-familiar way. most of what asia says in this film we do already know, if we are half-aware of what goes on around us. still, the girl has a cute face, and she's put a lot of effort into this performance. something more may come with time.
get kurasawa's seven samurai original instead of this dog.forget this dog and anything else done by sturges. they all look like pool patio party night at rock hudson's all-male mansion...the original seven samaurai is so far and away superior to this all-male revue, which as in all sturges's film features his unknown beefcake of the week, here a german kid forced to grimace and grunt as the hollywood stereotype mexican gunfighter, here poorly stealing the role of the young want-to-be young samurai in the original. sturges failed to make the very real and human message of the orignial part of his plastic production. both do or do not get the girl in the end, but in which one do you care?..a great tragedy occured when anthony quinn who originally had the idea to make seven samurai into a western did not get the backing in time to do somethnig decent with it. instead we have this absolutely ridiculous and racist dog, in which jewish brooklyn's best eli wallch is forced to sweat and grunt and grimace as if a stereotypical mexican bandit. sergio leone used him to much greater effect later. same actor; better job. ..don't waste your time and money on nothnig but a magnificent soundtrack. get the original seven samurai. way better, and you will be spared the embarrassment which is this sturges mess. for a further example, compare bronson's woodcutting warrior scene stolen from the original with kurasawa's scene, and tell me which tells far more of a story. even cheat by leaving on the commentator. which one seems more real, and more funny? ..and once again it wasn't bronson's fault that sturges is an idiot. look at what sergio leone did with bronson, telling his whole life's story with a stare in once upon a time in the west, a far more interesting western than any of sturge's all-male fantasies...get the kurasawa original seven samurai and you will never stop replaying it and always learn something new each time. the running commentary by some american guy isn't all that obnoxious after all. then get throne of blood and you will never see technicolor again...but skip sturges at all costs.
becareful! may not be suitable for toddlers..i thought this movie would be a lot of fun for my 2 year old who loves elmo. i was having fun watching it in the beginning, and wish i could have seen the entire movie. however, about 15 minutes through elmo encounters a "scary" helicoptor, and a villian who takes away his blanket. my daughter burst into tears. i could only console her by skipping to the end to show that elmo got his blanket back. two weeks after viewing she is still talking about the scary helicoptor and mean man. she, of course, would not let me put the movie in again, no matter how i assured her it was just silly and not scary
inept!.the horror anthology format was one which had been most successfully utilised by british cinema. from ealing studios atmospheric and brilliant dead of night to the films of amicus in the 1960's and 70's. the form was rejuvenated  in the usa, when george a romero finally gave in to hollywood and collaborated with stephen king on creepshow. creepshow worked because it was  an unabashed and unashamed tribute to the ec horror comics of the 1950's. the visual qualities of the film, coupled with its trite speech bubble dialogue and thin characterisation  gave it a comic book feel that perhaps only sin city has since replicated to any degree of success. ..this sequel is odious, pointless and a simple money spinner.  the strength of amicus' anthologies was usually the narrative framing device and the attempted twist to the tale. this is severely lacking in creepshow 2, which has a rather dour and crudely animated sequence involving a boy besting his bully tormentors. the stories themselves are dull and uninspired, the only exception being the great ending to the raft segment.  of the three tales of supposed terror, the hitchiker works the best, simply because it is so utterly daft, that it becomes amusing. some notable actors wasted their time on this film and director michael gornick (most noted for his work on other romero productions such as dawn of the dead) fashions a tv movie style feature, which is both boring and inept. both stephen king and george a romero who just a decade before had rewritten the genre and terrified audiences, put their names to a movie that would give relief to insomniacs the world over.
lame.me and a couple of friends wanted to rent a scary movie and somehow  we picked this one. what a mistake. it wasn't one bit scary/creepy, and most of the acting was sub-par. we found ourselves laughing at times, which isn't good. the first story was just plain boring. it's about some indian statue that comes to life. 30 minutes of torture. the 2nd story was the best, but that doesn't say much. its about 4 kids who swim out to a raft and some killer blob chases after them. pretty funny stuff. the last story is called the hitchhiker. some parts were funny, but it dragged on way too long. overall, creepshow 2 doesn't live up to the first. 2 stars for making us laugh
a truely "creepless" show.this sequel in name only is the low end of horror anthologys and the bottom of the river as far as scares. all the fun of the first is gone and what we are left with is this at 90mins.,much to long movie that just sits there and goes nowhere. no stars for this junk!!!!!
who are these guys?.this movie is a terrible example of a war film.  while it is very proud of its photage of soldiers exploding, getting incinerated, shot, etc., one never gets to know anyone in this movie!  in saving private ryan, the viewer had a much better chance of getting to know the soldiers, and it mattered more as they got killed.  in the winter war, there is so little characterization that the deaths mean nothing at all, and what little we see of the finns at home makes it hard to like or sympathize with them.  i myself found it difficult to even differentiate the different finnish charachters except through facial hair!  the russian soldiers are also poorly portrayed, showing no fear, courage, or anything for that matter!  they serve merely as cardboard cut-outs to get gunned down by the finns.  the ending is preposterous as well, after the endlessly dull bombardment of the handful of survivors, we suddenly are treated to the sight of thousands of cheering finnish soldiers.  where the heck were they?  hiding somewhere along with the casts' personalities?  and for enthusiasts info, despite what other reviewers have written, the manneheim line got overrun early in the war in most sectors of the front, and it was the tactic of motti that was more effective (and which the russians later copied)
not really bad but could've been a lot better.the series' main flaw is the repetetiveness of the storylines, somehow even though i watched the episodes back-to-back i still felt deja-vu. the plot wouldn't advance for episodes, and i think this is what caused the ratings to plummet, they took too long to flesh out the plot so, the fans grew bored. also, what contributed to my feelings was the showing of several identical slides in every episode! that said, it still was a fun watch, the bonds shared by the twins, chobi, lisa, and the enigmatic kaze are really interesting and often funny(when not pertaining to kaze of course). also, the villians were not malevoloent, just mischevious which only served to affirm my opinion that this anime is more oriented towards kids. i'm not sure about the mechanism used to rate if it's final fantasy or not, but i think the fact that they had crammed all the plot twists in the last episode contributed to the criticisms, i think if the animators took some of the sub-plots out and focused on the storyline this series would've been good, instead of just decent. as it is, it's still fun, and at a bargain price; if you have nothing better to do, go ahead and watch it!(2.5 stars
i want my hours i wasted on this back!.no wonder it got canceled. if you where expecting a beatiful story line like ones you play or something a unique story like ff series usually does. well guess what your not gonna find it here. usually i would atleast compliment the graphics here but the main charactes seem more like background sketches that the animators didn't really care about. oh and the digital graphics. the digital graphis where nice at first til they got extremely repetive and they seemed to be forced on to conclude the episodes. the only thing that i can't really critisize for the very little fact the he it never fails is the soundtrack. it seems that the only one who actually cared for this project was nobuo uematsu which he never fails to bring the soundtrack to life with the final fantasy series. don't get me wrong i wasnt expecting something final fantasish. but, it said on the box it was based in the final fantasy world. so now the final fantasy world is called wonderland? i didn't know that final fantasy was inhabited by a bunch of patato sack looking people. i can't belive i was even curious to buy the whole box set. im disapointed for the fact that i actually trusted on square enix to provide atleast a good story line. if your curious of the anime it wouldnt be better to just watch the last cd. the writers drag you threw all the anime wondering the characters past yet they manage to unveiled their secrets in the last episodes near the end. the series was meant to be more than 26 episodes but it sucked so bad that they canceled it. oh yeah it got that bad. also on the trasilation seems like a train wreck. if you dont watch it by subtitles you might miss the final fantasy feel of the story which is extremely sad i found that out near the end. in my opinion this was wrost than spirits with in. i tried to like it but i couldn't manage with such crumy character models that seemed that they where done by amatures at gonzo. i think the reason for the making of this anime was either for: to scare people about crossovers and how bad they can get. or square-enix and gonzo where making so much money square enix said "hey lets make something that lowers our sales!" and gonzo was probably like "hey yeah let's make it a series that kid's can't grasp the concept and it's too dumb for adult's to like. lets just put mushroom people!" if your a kid and like this you probably would get distracted by a passing bird in the sky and forgot what you were doing one second later. it get's that bad. i though i never said this but, i finally found an anime that i dont like at all. next time when i try to do something like this i'll just flush money down the toilet. honestly i wouldn't watch it agian unless they would pay me or i was lossing all hope for human kind. bottom line:..storyline: -1/5.animation: 2/5.music:     3/5 (i wouldn't recomend the sountrack though it's too expesive.) .overall: 1/5 that's cause too many people praised it making it sound like its a great anime when its not. i would rather sit down and watch pokemon(i dont like pokemon...) then to see it agian.
2.5, but sadly i have to go with the former..i was truly dissapointed in this.  i got this as a new release on sale for 8.99, and even for 12 episodes, i feel ripped off.  it is truly a shme how bad this is.  i almost didn't make it through all 12 episodes, but luckily the baxter stockman episode was really good, so i stuck with it.  .here are the episodes and a brief description in the order they play on the dvd.  .ninja sword of nowhere-wierd one in another dimension. horrible rafael voice, luckily i think this is the only epidsode they replaced him for, btu it is really bad..20,000 leaks under the sea-crang takes water from ocean and transports it to flood the city.  stupid good comedy.  .take me to your leader-lepnardo has dream, wakes up and decides to become a loner, snow thing happening, but thumbs down.  .4 musketurtles-weird stupid episode..cowabunga shredhead-shredder comedy that actually works.  .turtles, turtles, evrywhere-an almost cool robot.  .invasion of the turtle snatchers-wird alien episode..camera bugged-another alien, pretty dumb..green with jealousy-horrible crang voice, horrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!.michalangelo get to sneek ina very funny reference asking donnatello if the boobtube is fixed yet.  then he stupidly talks about his booboo at the end.  .return of the fly-sorry, don't remember original fly, but very good episode.  appearence of rat king but he does nothing, just like nobody does any fighting in this whoel freaking show.  .casey jones-"who is that masked guy", "i don't know, but i hate him". lolaomft.  good corny fun.  .mutagen monster-chemical waste gone wrong.  really bad donnatello voice.  and there huge bull in this episode and he does freaking nothing, whadda ya know....after a pretty big dissapointment in this, i will certainly be buying voluem 3 and 4 just to see the difference from volume 1 to 4.  i know it got really bad somewhrere and i will be dissecting this to find out what happened...i don't know about you, but i never goit tire of the first 5 episodes on volume 1, even though it was only 5 good episodes and like 4 bad ones, make sure you go get that dvd instead of this, casue this sucks.  i am used to watching great shows like batman where the voice acting is superb, the music isn't the exact same in every freaking episode, and the story actually got creative.  if you don't know what i am talking about, pick up one o fthe batman the animated series dvd's.  ..teh dvd has a trialer for ultimate avengers and 1 or 2 other cartootn movies, but overall no special features.  the backround art on the dvd menu is cool, but yet again means nothing at all.  it would have beeb nice if the studio could have at least had like a phone call commentary withg the director or writer or something.  but i guess i am just asking for too much.
throw plausibility out the window in this stinker.we went to see this at the time when we went to see any horror flick, much less anyting with jamie lee curtis. it came out just about the time when every holiday was getting a horror movie named after it. whether the movies promised to be good or bad, we went and had fun with them either way. this one we had fun in how bad it was. this was one of those, "picked on, pencil necked geek gets pushed over the edge by a cruel prank, only to come back with genius killer skills, somehow attained super strength and the speed of the road runner to get from one end of a train to the other to pull of impossilbie kills aided only by clever camera play." in short, there's nothing to be believed in this stinker. like a "friday the 13th" flick, you merely wait for the kills, and try to outguess the next guy as to how it ends, and pray for that to come as soon as possible. the movie pulls out the stops, giving us curtis for eye candy and david copperfield to amaze us, perhaps even toy with us as to him as a possible suspect. but in general, this movie insults the viewers intelligence and lures you with a hope for a "halloween" type thriller. there's too much stupidity from the victims, oh, until one genius finally puts 2 and 2 together. there's too much "not acting on a possible emergency situation in unison." and given her presence, there's just not enough jamie lee to make this crock worth sitting through. we had a gas picking this movie apart in the theatre. it made us callous for the impending onslaught of slasher flicks to follow in the 80s that got worse, more predictable, and far too numerous to maintain our interest. this movie got that ball rolling. don't waste your time. you'll get more excitement out of watching jamie lee's finger nails dry for a couple hours
masterful nothingness.hugh grant is not too offensive in this role. he is not too cutesy here, and that is something for which to be thankful. in the film grant's character michael is engaged to marry gina, the daughter of an italian-american mobster (played by james caan). michael is a successful auctioneer, and after his engagement to gina, gina's father starts using michael and his connections to the art world to launder money. soon the fbi is onto the scheme (with kids in the hall's scott thompson as a particularly funny fbi officer). michael attempts to hide these dealings from gina (michael of course did not want to get involved with all of this illicit activity in the first place but was railroaded-it is the mafia after all). when gina finds out their relationship crumbles. an accident causes even more problems, potentially fatal ones. overall this is not a great movie and not even particularly funny. however, you will be able to sit through it and maybe get some entertainment value from it
waste of popcorn.i saw this movie at the cinema. having enjoyed other hugh grant flicks, i didn't expect this movie to be the total stinker it turned out to be. i thought grant and jeanne triplehorn were a mis-matched couple. the acting was so-so, the plot very thin, and the humour strained. overall, this movie wasn't worth the price we paid to see it, and i have no desire to ever watch it again
loveless in new york.i just watched "crimes and misdemeanors" after having watched ingmar bergman's marvelous final opus "fanny and alexander" because sven nykvist is the cinematographer of both films but he doesn't stand a chance in this film to make any difference.  there is absolutely no love in "crimes and misdemenors."  its all about male egotism.  for allen, women exist merely for the sake a male's pleasure.  powerful males can use any women in any way they desire and wimps like allen are left with children to hook up with which is disgusting considering woody allen's personal life.  since the main characters in this film are jewish, one wonders if allen is really antisemitic at heart.  his attitude has led us to the current morality of "sex and the city" and "the sopranos."  angelica houston gives a marvelous performance as the woman the powerful eye doctor paid to have murdered after he was finished with her.  she looked and sounded the part perfectly.  the only character who even alluded to love was a tv image of a psychiatrist who allen had defenstered for no reason at all except allen wanted him dead. oh yes, an attractive young rabbi was kind and loving but allen made him blind so he couldn't see what was going on around him probably.   and hawkeye was just hawkeye and woody was oh-so-jealous of him.  woody allen has a  very large following and over the years our society has followed his leadership and it sure has wilted morally partially thanks to him. having read the reviews here, it's incredible the great number of women who would give their eye teeth to live in a facsimile of this film.
one of the worst movies ever!!!!!!!!!.why is this movie a classic? the plot line was nonexistent, and the characters were completely unlikeable.the implication that annie hall was a lesbian didn't make any sense! woody allen's character was completely freeky and there was not a single purpose for him being there. come to think of it, there was no purpose for this movie!!!!!! so save yourself and never watch this film
a self-important, self-indulgent, self-pompus lousy movie.this is a movie directed and played by a guy with unsalvageable narcissus complex. always dreamed himself as a modern day casanova in n.y., just like that george kastansa character in 'seifield', a big lover, a womanizer, a baldy forever young romeo. almost all of the screenplays he wrote, the movies he directed, the characters he played were all like this. i just don't know how women would fall for him in the least sense and possibility, only if in his wet dreams. this is a very nauseating movie. all of his movies are almost the same, only the movie titles changed. the only one i liked is his recent 'match point', nothing else. and i felt lucky this guy was too old to play that role now, otherwise, he wouldn't allow anyone else to play that ambitious murderer but him.
sexually explicit but bland.pushing the envelope for explicit, over the counter home videos, 9 songs (tartan) is about one year of sex and rock'n roll in the life of two lovers.  ..matt is a young glaciologist.  he meets lisa at a london rock concert.  that night they start an affair.  in between attending more concerts, they make passionate love.  it's for real and explicit.  nine live-concert song footage is intercut with their coke-snorting, sexual encounters creating a sometimes ironic reflection of their intense physical but otherwise rather bland relationship.  and finally, all this takes place in the memory of matt as he flies across the vast frozen wastelands of the south pole.  ..this unscripted film is part musical, part drama, part documentary and part performance.  it raises questions about the difference between pornography and art. controversial and much buzzed about, this not fully satisfying experiment is of interest mainly as a novelty item by a usually innovative and creative director for what it could have been.  and of course the sex.  a special feature eliminates everything but the concert performances.
where are the licensed to ill songs?.there is absolutely no reason for leaving "fight for your right", "no sleep till brooklyn", "brass monkey" or other bb hits off this.  what's next?  a prince anthology with nothing off "purple rain"?  a madonna boxset that leaves out "like a virgin"?  paul mccartney renouncing "yesterday"?..criterion does movie releases so well (ok they had to re-release "charade" because the first version wasn't anamorphic) that one has to wonder what the heck happened here.  it's insane to think someone actually approved the final version of this product - who cares about 45 different versions of "shadrach" if the lti songs are mia?  get solid gold hits instead - that cd/dvd set has the stuff that made the beasties famous
good god.this movie is bloodsport minus the entertaining parts. better production value- much worse script. much worse everything almost. so if you liked bloodsport which even at its cheesiest was a classic entertaining martial arts flick and you wanted to see another version of it that sucks but has more scenery, well here you go! enjoy
poor.i'm a van damme fan but this movie sucks real bad, only good parts are the fight scenes at the end of the movie, perhaps the last 10 or 15 minutes. buy it only if you can get it for like 7 bucks
ugh...horrible music, horrible video!.eventhough my 21 month old daughter loves this video, i cannot stand it.  not only are some of the tunes incredibly repetitive, but the song with cyndi lauper is dreadful. i am not impressed with this video at all, and i hope my daughter grows out of it pretty quick
elmocize.i was not at all impressed with elmocize.  my girls love elmo, but were not in the least bit interested in this dvd.  it does not get them to move around at all.  i did, though, find a children's dvd that does get my girls to move- tots rock by joue joue.  we watch it all the tim
off tune singer in tights drives us nuts....ok, the kids don't seem to notice too much, but the woman in tights who sings the "t" song to the twist gets our attention...normally i tune these videos out, but when this song comes on and she sings out of tune, it really grates. i am afraid this one will have to get "lost." these are not exercises, they are songs about exercising, clips that show people in tights and whatever, that are strung together to make the video. save your money and your sanity
good as punishment, maybe....to begin with, we live, breathe and love all things elmo and sesame street-my son is an avid fan since he was 6 mos. old. we watch the dvds over and over, and i can't get thru this once all the way through. my son absolutely ignores it. and the songs are absolutely awful and stick in your brain until you want to hit yourself in the head with a frying pan. never thought i could hate anything sesame street, but this is beyond awful.
disappointing.the cinematogrophy was good but there was not enough informative narration. i felt as if i were watching my aquatic screensaver.
ho-ho-horrible!!!.awful.  just plain awful.  this is an outline for an interesting movie but they just put the whole thing out there in 1985 without editing the really crap parts of it and alas it suffered because of it at the box office.  i remember when it came out and saw all of the bad reviews for it but considering i was so young at the time (does 12 count as young?), i thought nothing of it but none the less  i didn't see the flick at the time.  now i have and can honestly say that this is just one bad film.  there's no life in this movie.  no characterization or depth to anyone in it.  the movie is called "santa claus: the movie"  but when santa is the least interesting person in the whole thing, there's a problem.  he's not even really the main focus of the film and that's one of the biggest problems there is with this thing.  is it santa's movie or dudley moore's?  really it's neither.  the film meanders from one person to the other and then to those that really shouldn't have any attention paid to them at all (the rich girl and the poor boy).  avoid this film at all costs.  if you must see this movie, rent it and only do so with caution.  there's a decent featurette and audio commentary so you can at least see that there was some "love" that went into producing this dvd but that's only because it's anchor bay entertainment and they're pretty good for bringing out the best  in even really horrible films like "santa claus: the movie".
this isn't porn, but what is it?.the version i saw lasted one and a half hours. i guess it must have been seriously chopped down: the blurry scenes suddenly seemed to stop, and then moved on to something completely different. i was reminded of monty python. well, the scenes weren't all that different, just more of the same. porn is designed to arouse. there was nothing whatsoever arousing about this, and none of the participants seemed particularly aroused either. however, it had something, so i give it an extra star, but i don't know what it was. the wreck of a possibility, i suppose. very good, stellar cast. o'toole, gielgud, mcdowell, mirren are all great actors. the constant puzzle was: what on earth were they doing in this crazy and chaotic mess? just earning a crust? they all looked a bit puzzled themselves: like, what am i doing here? one did get some kind of a feel of how it must have been to be absolute ruler of the entire known world, to have everyone obey one's slightest whim (another question i kept asking myself: why did they obey him?), and to have no feeling whatsoever for one's fellow-humans. living an existence totally without faith or purpose, it was suggested, merely leads to a desire to be quit of the whole rigmarole of absurdity. it became faintly interesting when it was intimated that caligula actually wanted to die, and in any case he knew he would be killed sooner or later. in terms of return on investment this was one of the oddest ways of spending $25 million (that's what it says on my disc cover) i can imagine. still, no odder than caligula's own investment strategy. actually, come to think of it, the whole thing was trash from start to finish. also, caligula was not the worst of the roman emperors: there was a later one called heliogabalus, i think, who went even further than little bootikins.  what a joke
ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwh....was my first reaction. i should have stopped watching it after a few minutes, but i wanted to see his death. i wish i had just read the book!.but this movie did make me thankfull that my family and i live in modern day america..to me, sadom husain's(sp?) family was very similar to the ways of caligula..expecially his sons. i'm sure that a graphic movie about sodam and his family would match this (caligula) movies grotequeness.
not worth the watch.this movie was not even worth renting let alone buying. the acting was terrible, i 've seen high school productions that put more emotion into their characters then these actors do. then there's the constant use of background music which is constantly drowning out the dialogue. i had to continually adjust the volume on the tv to hear what was being said. .   the actors were nice enough to look at but no full frontal was shown, there was the appropriately placed towel or pillow. if nothing was there to use, any shot of genitalia was blacked out, kind of like watching a court hearing on tv when the witness doesn't want to be identified. this was diappointing as the book states "scenes that would make queer as folk fans blush." qaf definitely showed more than this movie does and the two sex scenes were not all that more inticing..   i was really expecting more from this movie overall, given what i had read about it. the plot just seemed to drag at some points and rush through at others. this movie would definitely be a "dust collector" on my shelf
bad!.this movie was really bad. all the cute guys are wasted on the material given!
not like european movie.if this movie is an european movie, you will mostly see all the sexy man fully naked.  why american movie are so conservative !!! what a waste of all the sexy actors !
mediocre offering; male physiques help.an hour and a half of beautiful men prancing around wearing very little can never be less than watchable, but aside from the nudity and homoerotic horseplay, there isn't much else. granted, there are a few nicely filmed poignant moments, but it's often dull
a dim light.i would feel better about this film if it hadn't been supposedly based on the life of st. sebastiane as the details in the film are so off.  it is pretense to assume it is any bio of the saint.  instead of seeing the sebastiane performing acts of kindness for imprisoned christians in rome, we're off at the seashore, an outpost, where nothing deserving of sainthood happens (there are no miracles accorded sebastiane anyway, but he was martyred in rome).  presumably the location shoot was to save on the budget, in terms of sets, actors and costumes.  but the film presumably wouldn't have been financed if it hadn't been for the "saint" angle.  but film maker jarman seems to be exploring his own agenda, as contrary to roman military discipline, the soldiers at the outpost are barely clad, and often nude.  though visually stunning, the nudity and hot sun fall short of an erotic film, too.  and if you're expecting anything graphic, this isn't the place to find it. what you do have is a hunky blond "captain" who is in lust with sebastiane and makes the poor man miserable.  or does he?  because sebastiane - and this is the s/m element - seems less than genuine in his expressed christianity (and was sebastiane even a christian or merely someone who helped christians?) and more about taunting captain severus.  it's like the two of them are in some inevitable duel to the finish, with severus being teased and sebastiane doing the teasing because he's incapable of anything more substantial.  instead of a rape, which would occur in most films at this point, there is the inevitable result, the sainted martyrdom, but it seems more about sebastiane (who speaks as if he is "in love" with god rather than loving god) being cool and severus having tried everything else and giving up in despair.  two minor points, one being the soldiers at one time hunting down and killing a pig, talking about pork as if they haven't had any for a long time, yet we've already seen they care for their own occupied pig pen, so that's a contradiction.  also, the more interesting couple might have been anthony  adrian but their burgeoning love affair is more background.  so, i had high hopes for the film based upon the reviews here, but found it a disappointment for a variety of reasons
terrible and embarrassing.jerry jenkins ought to be ashamed. he states in an interview on this dvd that he started a movie company because he thought this was such a good story that it needed to be told. first and foremost it's a terrible movie, christian or secular it's just plain bad. the script stinks, the characters are unlikable and weak, the directing and editing is high school quality and most of the acting is pathetic. as for it being a "christian" movie you've got to be kidding me. why? because there's no cussing? is that what makes it christian? the gospel is not portrayed in any way, shape or form. in fact the way i see it it's unbiblical. we even have the main character who doesn't really profess to be a christian but since she mentions god we assume that she must be (in fact jesus is never mentioned in the movie) she ends up dating an openly unbelieving boy. is that the "christian" message we want to send our kids? from now on if jerry jerkin's name is on a movie i'm not watching it. this movie robbed two hours of my life i'll never get back. if you want to see a family movie buy a classic made in the 30's or 40's.
disappointed!.i ordered your movie "hometown legend" from cbd because it was portrayed as an inspirational, family movie.  since my 8 year old loves football and the most recent football movies at the theaters are not for kids i was thrilled to see this movie advertised w/ the jenkins name on it.  imagine my surprise when it arrived and i saw that it was rated pg for language.  i searched the internet, however, and everything i read said it had no bad language in it.  so we watched it.  i guess by today's standards your movie would be labeled "tame", but by god's standards i found it disturbing.  i just can't believe that you spent 108 minutes  who knows how much money to make a godless movie.  aren't there enough of those out there?  sure, god was mentioned, but only in passing and in my opinion quite sarcastically and not as king of kings  lord of lords!  there were only a "couple" swear words, but quite a few places of crude humor as well as a teen love story (need i mention the teen girl's attire?!).  why?  were you trying to appeal to the unsaved audience?  isn't that what's wrong w/ our churches in this country?  unsaved people don't want to watch movies just like their own.  they want to see a difference!  why didn't you make a difference?  . .i can't believe that i read review after review parading this movie as a great christian movie.  i just don't see it.  to me it was a lame attempt at making a feel good movie w/ just a tad enough religion so that it could be called "christian" but just enough of the world that it would appeal to them.  i believe in the bible that is deemed "lukewarm".  i bought this movie because i believed it would be a movie my son would watch over and over.  however, that is not the case.  i'm saddened that christianity seems to be watered down in our country and even more sad that the very people i thought were helping the cause of christ aren't doing that at all.  at least not w/ this movie.. .the bottom line is i expect what i saw from disney, but not from you.  what a missed opportunity!
somebody, please make a movie of this..the idea is counterfactual, of course.  no surprise.  but such ideas are allowed, and this one is full of possibilities, both comic and dramatic.  none of those possibilities were explored in this film.  ..instead, this is a garden-variety teen flick.  it pushes all the teen buttons.  the caveman morphs into a california hip teen in less than two minutes, and that's the end of the caveman as such.  the three boys do rock dancing, ride the roller coaster, do rock dancing, play arcade games, do rock dancing, roller coaster, rock dancing, arcade games, roller coaster, rock dancing, etc. ad nauseum.  to top it off, the caveman is a pacifist who wouldn't hurt a flea, not even to defend himself.  yeah, right.  ..the social commentary, the psychological insights that could have been evoked by a clever development of this idea!  the truly comic situations that the caveman could have gotten into!  it's time someone made a grownup movie starting from this idea.  ..the people who made this film clearly didn't know what to do with this splendid idea.  or, to use a word they would likely understand, they were clueless.
overrated.american schlock...i can think of at least 100 better foreign movies.  as for the cinematography, john ford created it in the 30's in the movie, the informer.
if citizen kane is a great film, what would a bad film be like?.to enjoy citizen kane, you have to be able to answer the question above. i just hate almost everything about this film. i think it's easy to create a hype how such a terrible film look great and deep. many people will fall for it. but it's very hard to make a truly great film!
so so.his girl friday is an ok movie about newspaper reporters in the early part of the 20th century.  i think it was supposed to be funny, and it may have been at the time, but most of the dialog was lost on me
dumb but watchable, 5 stars for l. henriksen's death scene.the plot of "hard target" has been summarized in previous reviews, so i'll limit myself to discussing my favorite part.."hard target's" claim to fame when it came out was that it was john woo's first american film, and that's certainly a big deal.  (i just saw "hard boiled" the other day, and i'd need seven dictionaries to describe that glorious mess.).but it boggles my mind that lance henriksen's jaw-dropping death scene doesn't land right at the top of every review of this movie. i mean... (spoiler alert) the dude has a grenade dropped into his pants.  he manages to get the grenade *out* of his pants before it explodes.  and then he throws it away from him, right? wrong!  he unscrews the grenade, hoping to separate the fuse from the explosive.  and he does separate them before the grenade goes off and starts laughing in triumph.  but he holds the fuse like two inches from the explosive and... the spark jumps across!  funny enough already, but l.h. makes this shocked "whu..." sound that is more hysterical than the entire first season of the daily show.  right before blowing up.  it's absolutely brilliant.
all brawn - no brain.sorry, but i don't accept that it is okay for action movies to be brainless simply because they are action movies and, therefore, suspension of disbelief comes with the territory. a bit more care over the script and you've got a half-decent film with action at its core. hard target is soft where it counts - in the head...i have actually enjoyed other van damme movies - universal soldier, for one - otherwise i wouldn't have watched this one - so i didn't watch it with the intention of criticizing it. sadly, i had expected better...the script has more holes than swiss cheese and the supporting cast are simply woeful. i won't go so far as to claim they make jean-claude look fit for shakespeare but you get the idea. one can only wonder if they were chosen for the sole purpose of making him look good - by being as bland as possible. the lead female has done nothing of note since this outing and i, for one, am not surprised. then again,what was she meant to do with a cartoon character like the one she was given? as for the lead bad guy when he was meant to be playing the piano??? ham on the bone! ..the action sequences themselves are the only reason for watching this movie - and it's simply not enough for me. the set pieces aren't spectacular or imaginative enough, for starters. if you just want car chases, shoot outs and explosions, fine. personally, i prefer a story to go with it. and a script that is somewhere this side of credible
john woo's first american film fails but the action is good.action director john woo's first attempt at making a good american action movie fails with jean claude van damme (bloodsport, sudden death) on board as the lead hero who jumps over police cars, punches venomous snakes in the head, hops on motorcyles balancing himself on it while he flips over a truck and lands on the ground...kicking a gasoline tank at a guy while he shotgun blasts it and soving a grenade down the pants of evil bad ass lance henriksen (near dark, the terminator). hey, when isnt henriksen a evil son of a bitatch? yancy butler (drop zone) is van dammes love interest protecting her from the villains trying to kill him and wilfrod brimley (tv's walker, texas ranger) plays van damme's southern fried canjun uncle who rides horses and shoots arrows with his bow while trotting off after his country house blows up. all in all, it doesnt become the worst movie ever made, its only presence if the style john woo brings to his action scenes...his lingo in the art of which he creates. also starring arnold vosloo (the mummy and the mummy returns) as henriksen's right hand man. ah, gotta love the scene where van damme has sexual chemistry with the snake while punching it ou
yeesh!.honestly, guys, just because you think it's a stupid action movie doesn't mean you have to give it five stars!  what's up with that?  every kill is shot in slow-mo from fifteen different angles.  that is not good direction by any stretch of the imagination for anyone with a shred of critical faculty.  van damme is like three feet tall, with an accent more syrupy than a chain of waffle houses (to paraphrase mike nelson)  he does not deserve to be enriched, complimented, or even *tolerated*.  even hollywood is catching on to this...admittedly, i'm a horror movie fan, and loathe action movies.  but even if i enjoy an occasional crappy horror movie (and that's about 90% of them, if i have to be brutally honest) doesn't mean i give it five stars!  in the future, try not to be so idiotic
a boring, poorly-made movie.meg ryan is frannie, an english teacher in new york who gets pulled into a murder investigation when the head of a young woman is found in her garden. as she deals with an old boyfriend who won't leave her alone and with her neurotic, damaged sister, she falls into a charged sexual relationship with the detective investigating the killing. more bodies appear and frannie has reason to be suspicious that the cop she is attracted to is the killer...in the cut is a dull movie. the mystery of the killer's identity is spread out so thinly over the whole movie, there is no suspense when you figure out who it is. the sex scenes between ryan and ruffalo are gloomy and forced. i didn't believe the supposed attraction between the two. there are a lot of arty set pieces in the film to try and trick you into thinking there is some important subtext here, but there isn't. it's just a boring, poorly-made movie
please, please, do yourself a favor and read the book instead..in the cut (jane campion, 2003)..there is one valid reason to watch this debacle of a film, and that is that the soundtrack was done by the wonderful hilmar orm hilmarsson. well, kind of; when i saw his name spin by in the credits, i was expecting a rather more experimental, dissonant soundtrack than i got...if you've read susanna moore's novel, you'll know that "experimental" and "dissonant" are perfectly valid expectations in a soundtrack of its adaptation. the story concerns frannie (meg ryan), a college english teacher who in her spare time is compiling a dictionary of street slang. while out with one of the students helping her in that regard one evening, she makes a wrong turn looking for the bathroom in a bar and witnesses an intimate act. the woman involved later turns up dead, and a detective named malloy (you can count on me's mark ruffalo) comes around investigating the murder. frannie and malloy find themselves drawn into a relationship neither seems to want, but both seem to need...first off: campion, who also wrote the screenplay, made the unforgivable mistake of changing the ending of the novel (but then, this is a hollywood movie, i should have expected it), which changes the entire tone of the film in retrospect. the way the plot unfolds points to one inevitable conclusion, and we are cheated of it. also, the characters-- who weren't exactly bottomless wells of characterization in the book-- have been stripped as far down to their prototypes as possible while still keeping them recognizable human beings. there's nothing here to grab onto, giving the whole thing the feel of sex and the city with a serial killer on the loose. important pieces that connect bits together have been tossed away, leading to scenes seeming disconnected from everything else (the title really does have a meaning, in the book anyway, though here it just gets blurted out with no frame of reference at all). and, really, who was it that first decided mark ruffalo can act?..i'm willing to concede that much of the reason i hated this movie as much as i did may have come from my committing the cardinal sin of seeing the movie within a year of reading the book on which it's based, but to be honest, i can't imagine i'd have liked it a whole lot more if i hadn't read the book. it's just all-around awful. *
shouldn't have made the final cut..let me break it down for you in a nutshell, people. it's a murder mystery in which the film's protaganist thinks she knows who the killer is. but, she has her doubts. but she saw a tatto of a spade on the guy's arm. he has the same thing. but what does she do? she has sex with him. sex, sex, and more sex. if you suspect somebody of being a killer than why on earth would you have sex with him? plus, 50% of the movie is just plain old sex and sex talk. i don't think this was a perfectly planned movie, to tell you the truth. ..final verdict: it's easily forgetable and needs to go right before it starts
a blofeldian disaster!!!.no doctor!  not a finger gold!  get it?  please don't be afraid to release these in production order.  you will get my money.  new young viewers who don't know the joy of watching the bond films in order are really being screwed.  007, where are you?
"i'd put her in boiling oil and watch her fry.".it's amazing what you can get away with even when you have censors breathing down your neck. with the hays code of film censorship enforced in 1934, a number of films were made which appeared to be moral crusades. in reality, these films gave an excuse for a titillating glimpse at some lurid element. it was also important, in these 'moral crusade' films to include moral statements--usually at the beginning of the film--making it clear that the film is some sort of attempt to expose a wicked social ill, and educate the public about it at the same time. these moral crusade films include such titles as "cocaine fiends" and the well-known "reefer madness." "child bride" (alternate title: "child bride of the ozarks")--made in 1938 falls into the same category. in this case, however, the social ill is supposed to be limited geographically to those regions in america that allowed early marriage.  .."child bride" is set in the ozarks, and some seriously bad acting besets the film. jennie colton (shirley mills) lives with her parents in a squalid shack and attends school with the other ragamuffins. freddie (bob bolinger) is her innocent sweetheart, and the two children spend a great deal of time together. there are several extremely cheesy scenes of jennie in the pigpen, jennie at school etc., but the real action begins when the schoolteacher begins campaigning to raise the legal marrying age in the area. seems the men wear their women out, and when one dies off after bearing a number of children, the widower just selects another pre-pubescent girl for his next victim. ..the film includes two scenes that amazingly sneaked by the censors. one scene involves the schoolteacher whose ripped nightgown gets more tattered with every step and is practically falling off by the time the action reaches a crescendo. the other scene was quite startling and involves jennie swimming nude in a river. jennie's nudity is observed by the film's wicked villain and salivating peeping tom, jake bolby (warner p. richmond). the film emphasizes the notion of pedophilia when jake courts little jennie by giving her a doll. jennie is a plump cheeked, angelic, sunny little girl, and the idea of her being married has some really sick implications, but this film, amazingly, slid by the censors. with bad acting, and a sappy plot, the film's main value is as an artifact. collectors and film history aficionados will be interested in the film, but that's about its limit. the picture is a bit grainy, and the action includes a few minor skips, but it's certainly watchable quality--displacedhuma
not as good as the original.the sequel, underworld - evolution is moderately entertaining but not quite as good as the original
disappointing.compared to the first one or measured on it's own, this movie was a disappointment.  more blood, nudity, violence, swearing, and sex than the first movie, less plot and characterization.
becareful! may not be suitable for toddlers..i thought this movie would be a lot of fun for my 2 year old who loves elmo. i was having fun watching it in the beginning, and wish i could have seen the entire movie. however, about 15 minutes through elmo encounters a "scary" helicoptor, and a villian who takes away his blanket. my daughter burst into tears. i could only console her by skipping to the end to show that elmo got his blanket back. two weeks after viewing she is still talking about the scary helicoptor and mean man. she, of course, would not let me put the movie in again, no matter how i assured her it was just silly and not scary
for song  dance fans only."the band wagon" is one of the ny times' "1000 best films ever made," and i've seen about 300 of them.  you may be a big fan of the traditional hollywood musical, and if so, this is your kind of film.  personally the list of such films i've enjoyed is quite short, and it doesn't include "the band wagon."  this makes me sad, having just enjoyed fred  ginger's 1936 classic "swing time" from the ny times list.  however, where that film and gene kelly's "singin' in the rain" excel by sparkling between the song  dance numbers, "the band wagon" lags.  it's a shame, because there are a couple of brilliant moments here, the sparkling "shoe shine" dance on a set representing 42nd street and a lovely number with cyd charisse to "dancing in the dark."  other than that, and other than jack buchanan's comical turn as a master thespian, the whole thing just leaves me flat, especially the blah romance and idiotically cornball ending.  give me "fiddler on the roof" or those named above any day over this
nightmare before hannukah.i love adam sandler.  well, i used to love him, before he made eight crazy nights.  not only was this cartoon not funny, it was downright trash.  i would not recommend this "feature" to anyone.  "eight crazy nights" was short on story, long on time, and wearing on patience.  i kept watching in hopes that this cartoon would redeem itself; i needed some justification for wasting the 2 hours of my life that i will never get back.  needless to say, i stuck it out until the credits, and now i have to live with the facts that i: 1.) watched the movie; and 2.) i'll never get that time back.  so now i sit here, typing away a review i doubt anyone will read, wasting more of my precious life on that ridiculous movie!  humbug!  watch "ishtar," you'll get more out of it.  oh, and i only awarded one star because amazon insists you give everything at least one star.  i did this under protest.
really bad....i rarely review books or dvds but i felt compelled to do so with this one because it is really, really bad.  there's a lot of yelling from one of the main characters (the bunny) and, though the songs are cute, there's no way to play all of the songs without also watching some of the bunny, who comes across as really cantankerous and angry.  i love sesame street as a general rule, but strongly dislike this particular video
too slow and boring..i am a huge pilates fan, so when my husband picked up this video for me i thought using a balance ball would give me an extra workout.  while i do love my balance ball, this video was so slow, and not challenging one bit.  there was maybe one or two excercises that i found challenging...if you are not a regular excerciser, maybe this is a good starting point, but for me, i felt like i wasted an hour of my day without getting a workout.  skip it if you are looking for a challenging video.
a little to boring for me!.i have used other body ball dvd's and this one is really to boring compared to all of them. if you give it time, the workouts do test you a little bit, but thats if you dont fall asleep first! but if your the calm type that dosent like to much of action in a workout then get this dvd. its soothing for that matter
boring and lifeless.i love gaiam products. i especailly love working out on my balance ball. what i don't like is this video. i can't watch more than 5 minutes of it, it's far too boring and doesn't even catch my interests, let alone keep them. i don't feel worked out after i do suffer through the entire thing. do yourself a favor, use the money you were going to spend on this video and buy the balance ball for beginners. it's slighty more interesting and you will feel like you've worked out the next day.
a little too "new age" for me.i love my new stability ball and i love to exercise. i do not, however, love this dvd. i tolerate it and that's about it!..the best aspect of the dvd is that it is easy to navigate. there is an introduction, a section of fundamentals, and three pilates-based exercise routines (warm-up, core, upper body). i do like that you can select the sections you want to do in order to create your own workout. ..i like to be lead through instruction. that way it feels like you are in an exercise class and is more "personal". in this video, the instructor used voice-over after the fact to give the instructions. i just find it a bit eery to watch an stone-faced instructor while a disembodied voice tells me to inhale and exhale!  ..i also find the title a bit misleading. i don't think you would lose a lot of weight doing this video alone as it is toning and not cardio at all. it also has a bit of a "new age" vibe to it, which is a turn-off to me. ..if you are a beginning exerciser and the above problems don't both you, this dvd may be appropriate for you.
awful dvd - will be seeking refund.this review is about the regular edition dvd, not the criterion one...the dvd is a piece of garbage. it claims to be widescreen, but it is not. it is encoded at a fullscreen dvd ratio with letterboxes. not only does this waste space, but it gives the picture actually a smaller resolution than it should have as a dvd. i wouldn't be surprised if they took a panscan print and chopped off the top and bottom, like the back to the future box set fiasco. i will be comparing to my friend's copy he taped off tv to see if it is so
what?!.i thought criterion collection picked classics.  not hollywood popular entertainment.  this film was good for what it was.  for the mass audiences to hold their attention.  this was not art.  nor was this masterful filmmaking.  this does not belong in the collection.  but then again neither does armageddon or fat girl
what?.how on earth did this film get released by the criterion collection? this is a terrible action film by a terrible director. michael bay is the guy that started the whole shaky cam thing. the chase scene in this film is so shaky one can hardly even tell what's going on. is that supposed to be exciting? it's not. it's aggravating. the rock and the matrix can be said to have ruined most action films that came after them. why? the rock because after its runaway success, almost every other action director was envious and for some reason thought that every american wants the picture to be soooooooo shaky that one can hardy tell what's even going on (e.g. gladiator, the bourne supremacy, etc.). the matrix because of the whole wirefu thing that has ruined every martial arts film since (yeah they'd been doin it in china for decades, but not here!) the rock is not a very good action movie at all. why criterion released it is beyond me.
heavily edited for "family" content..this version of "those magnificent man in their flying machines," bears little resemblance to the original which was much funnier with story line appropriate to the humor.
little nicky.i am an adam sandler fan, but when i saw this movie i hated it. it was boring and stupid, and completely pointless. i don't see a reason for making this movie except for a few dull laughs. i would recommend this movie only to people who don't like full and enjoyable plots.
telling stories.i'm not a big fan of musicals or danny kaye films, so "hans christian andersen" had a steep uphill battle to win me over. the whole film is painfully earnest, which can certainly set the stage for a good post-modern mocking. i steeled myself to bear the brunt of a flimsy plot strung with forgettable patter songs that kaye would burble as he hopped about, twiddling his fingers or something. i was surprised to find that, while the film has it flaws, beneath its surface lay a thoughtful, affecting story. not only was it engaging, but it had a few things to say about the joys - and pitfalls - of fantasy...mr. kaye (of course) plays hans, a small-town cobbler who spends most of his time flying kites and telling stories to the local children. he does this so much, in fact, the schoolmaster successfully campaigns to have him driven from town. to save his pride, his apprentice peter (joseph walsh) talks hans into travelling to the big city - in this case, copenhagen. between this exchange, and the travelling song that follows it, the word "copenhagen" is said about a thousand times, or a least enough for a small-scale drinking game. it isn't long after arriving that hans and peter set up shop in their "temporary" home. unfortunately, it also isn't long before hans gets thrown into jail through his ignorance of the city's laws. happily though, one of the gentry pays to have the cobbler freed...things get more complicated when the benefactor enlists hans to make new ballet slippers for doro (dancer zizi jeanmaire), the prima donna of the local ballet company. one look at her and hans is smitten, blinded to everything. doro's marriage to the company director niels (farley granger) is tempestuous, and hans misreads this to be a damsel in need of rescue. more fuel is added to the fire when the company adapts "the little mermaid" (ostensibly written as a love letter to doro) as a ballet. peter tries desperately to warn hans, but a painful collision with reality is inevitable. ..interestingly, it is hans' very gift at immersing himself so completely into his dreams that gets him in the most trouble. indeed, his burgeoning career as a writer and his friendship with peter are almost destroyed by his romantic fantasies. while hans does go on to storybook immortality, his tall tales seem to be double-edged swords, giving the frothy plot depth and emotion. it's a far cry from the modern take of stories as teachers and healers, innately resolving any conflicts by the final curtain...many of mr. loesser's songs are bright and fun ("thumbelina" is a highlight, and viewers may remember "inchworm" from a later episode of "the muppet show"), and the art direction, while cluttered at times, is fairy-tale cheerful. some sequences are overlong (the climactic ballet especially so), and the ending seems rather abrupt (hans makes the transition back from crushed cobbler back to chipper writer in a single scene), but all in all "hans christian andersen" is a charming musical with some intriguing ideas
worst movie in my life.the characters are so dull. the acting is mediocre and the theme is so predictable that i would prefer to watch homer simpson
boring chick flick.there is no actualy snowboarding or skiing, its a boring chick flick with a ranting sissy main characte
pilates for beginners ~ jillian hessel.i wish i had not bought this dvd. the number of exercises in the workout part of the dvd is very limited, and instruction is given too fast. the dvd keeps quot;freeze framingquot; during the workout. when the workout was over i was more frustrated than tired. i tried to research and select carefully when buying a dvd to get started with pilates, but i chose poorly. don't make the same mistake i did. i am going to try and return it for a refund
original is better.if you want uncut original version, always look for original licensed production. not us release. its a foreign film, it should not be us version to begin with~! hello!!!?? why settle for less with us version where they edit and cut so many excellent scenes especially with jackie's fighting scenes. and us release ruins the speed and sound as well. i have been collecting jet li movies both hk and us release version for quite some time now. i found hk version to be much more in enjoyable, and higher in quality. american market always like to "americanize" and "control". regional code regulation thing is one of the example to control the market. why not let everyone enjoy the same hk original release move the same way rest of the world enjoys it ?? no one makes hollywood american movies to "french version" or "chinese version" ~! this what americans are doing~! well, enjoy the cheap "american version" then~! lo
dubbed!!!!no subtitles.i will first and foremost explain the frustration of dubbed movies. the films original format is not on this dvd. it takes away from the movie  actors. it should have been left in it's original sound format. any real movie enthusiast frowns upon dubbed. the dubbed voices are horrible, and it takes from the kung-fu, and the plotline
why do they do this?.on first impression this appear to be a great collection. it contains 4 classic movies by jet li. the picture transfer are good and sometimes above average. however, the original soundtracks are completely removed and changed. it would be nice if they have just voice over the cantonese to english but retained the great and wonderful original music and soundtracks. take defender. the original movie was released as bodyguard from beijing. it stars a talented pop singer in hong kong, christy chung and she contributed to the soundtracks by recording a few wonderful songs herself that enhanced the story line and provided appropriated musical theme in the background.  in this collection all you will hear is dub over american voice actors and some basic `special effects' like guns and things breaking up. the whole production is now very cheesy and cheap.  to make matter worse all 4 movies are similarly butchered
who are these people who thought this was good?.it's a bunch of 30-40 year olds with sagging skin pretending to get it on.  nothing erotic here.  not even funny acting.  do yourself a favor and check out misty mundae for some great erotic/funny movies
review.i was kind of disappointed in this video.  everyone looked sad, and the quality wasn't too high
pretty cheesy horror collection.john carpenter's body bags in a series of 3 stories all told by "the coroner" played by of course john carpenter (escape from l.a and new york). first segment is called "the gas station" which is the shortest,  where a young woman, played by alex dratcher (passenger 57, scorcher) who starts a new job at the gas station. she is actually going to school for pyschology. she soon becomes a little paranoid on the job and eventually when the night is over it becomes a little bloody. robert carradine (revenge of the nerds), david naughton (an american werewolf in paris), wes craven (scream trilogy), peter jason (they live, red heat) and sam raimi (evil dead movies) also star in that segment. the second segment is called "hair" which is the stupidest one out of the whole bunch which stars stacy keach (escape from la, up in smoke) who plays richard, a man who doesnt want to be bald. so he goes to doctor david warner (titanic, teenage mutant ninja turtles 2) who gives him the stuff to grow his hair back but after richard gets his hippie hair, things dont seem right. deborah harry (blondie) and sheena easton (real ghosts, tek war) also star in that segment. the third and final segment called "eye" which is the best one out of all three and the longest too about baseball player mark hammill (star wars, the guyver) who gets in a horrible car accent and eventually loses his eye. doctors implant him with a brand new eye but what hamill soon finds out is that the eye itself was the former owner of a sick and murdering individual. twiggy lawson (twiggy, woundings), roger corman (its roger frickin' corman people know what hes done) and charlie napier (austin powers) also star in that segment. "the mourge" segment also has tom arnold (roseanne) and tobe hooper (funhouse, texas chainsaw massacre) in it as well. some of the acting and script is very cheesy. carpenter as the corpse like "coroner" doesnt do anything original with it because it's bascially we've seen that in tales from the crypt and what not. so-so fun is had here
don't waste your time with the dvd version.some scenes have been cut. the laserdisc version is better
laughibly terrible.this movie makes perfect sense to me now.....it should be titled quot;director runs out of original ideas and writes a few stories that could have turned into full length movies if he had been able to carry the plot further, but ultimately fumbled and then gave all 3 short stories stupid, pointless endings, so he could still put them on a video and make a few bucks off of his work.quot
thieves!.where the hell are the complete season sets like the rest of trek?  i'm not paying for 40 volumes at $18 apiece!  that's $240 a season, no thanks.  that's worse than farscape and the ridiculous prices hbo wants for it's shows (although i certainly have every season of the sopranos, yea i'm a tool)
disappointing box set......i will admit right off the bat that i am a b-movie fan when it comes to action films. i especially like b-action movie franchises. i own the american ninja series, the delta force trilogy, missing in action trilogy, etc. i liked the kickboxer films and i always ment to get them on dvd but i kept putting them off. when i heard there was a dvd box set coming out i quickly pre-ordered the item without knowing the nature of the set. i came out extremely disappointed...first off this box set contains no special features. i didn't expect there to be (i mean come on...this is the kickboxer franchise not star wars) but i know some people out there are wondering. all the films are also in full screen. again i expected this as films of this nature very rarely get the widescreen treatment. so what was i so disappointed in?..well, i was disappointed in the packaging of the movies. all five discs are housed in a cheap, poorly made fold out case. i was hoping each film would come in their own seperate keep case or even perhapes those slim cases manufacturing companies are starting to use in box sets. not the "case" here. it's a lot like the case of the alien quadrilogy just more poorly made. the case is so poorly made that the spindles that hold the discs keep breaking during shipping and the discs come dislodged and in the mean time get scratched. i hard to have it shipped and returned twice. ..overall it seems no effort went into this box set and lions gate entertainment just seemed to want to make it as cheap as possible. i figured i was saving money with this box set as it retails for $29.99 (a few bucks cheaper here on amazon). this is not the case. if you buy each film seperatly (kickboxer 3  4 come in a double feature)it comes to a total of around $33. for me its worth the few extra bucks just to get each film in it's seperate case instead of this cheap cardboard box set. i say skip out on the box set and just buy the films seperatly
pan  scan marginalizes the presentation.unfortunately, the image is cropped to full screen.  ironically, the trailer included on the disc is in 16x9
not what i expected from jj.i love alias. at least, the first three seasons were amazing. the 4th was alright, but the 5th completely jumped the shark in my opinion. it was getting too soap opera esque. i mean come on... (spoilers) vaughn gets shot in the chest multiple times, we find out his name isn't vaughn and he isn't dead, he wakes up to sydney and their baby? i just don't know. that and i was so sick of the whole irina is she good or evil and sloane is he good or evil storylines. and enough of rambaldi! so old. ..the finale was alright, but this season didn't do alias justice.
poor ending to a great series.i'm really surprised how many alias fans are giving this final season decent, even glowing, reviews.  i found it completely disappointing, which is especially frustrating considering the show's ongoing storyline.  with rimbaldi's "endgame", and sydney's complicated relationships with her family and vaughn, four years in the making, i expected a worthy ending to these stories, and was let down.  the prior year's cliffhanger, with vaughn's "i have a secret" speech and car crash, was exciting, but hinted that the show may be about to jump the shark.  in it's fifth season, this proved to be the case.  i won't spend a lot of time repeating other reviewers' complaints, but i agree with them completely:  the new characters were miserable, and even worse, the rimbaldi plotline that drove the series did not come to a satisfying conclusion.  alias has been one of my favorite shows, and i still think jennifer garner's performance as sydney is some of the finest acting i've seen on television, but its ending just doesn't do it justice at all.  i doubt i'll even buy this dvd set, which is a shame because it almost makes me regret buying the other seasons
what a way to go.....i hated how this season ended.  everything seemed very calculated and rushed in order to end the show, and i came out with more questions than when i first started watching alias.  there are way too many lose ends and that they didn't even attempt to explain, like at the very beginning of the season why would vaughn refer to himself as a "bad guy" and hide his investigation from sydney, and why is there a prophet five? prophet five seems like the already used and abused alliance.  .i also really expected more from the whole rambaldi prophecy, like actually finding out who rambaldi is (like the glimpse we get of him from the first season) and his connection to the "bristow" women.  i mean i always knew it would end with some connection to "living for ever", but come on they needed more than sloane turning "evil" again and accidentally killing his daughter.  .and with irina i always saw her as "nothing is ever black nor white" and "truth takes time", she just seemed way more complex a character than to die so feebly and so disillusioned with rambaldi..and then what's the reason behind killing all of sydney's family?  i mean hasn't she suffered enough throughout the entire show only to lose all of those she has fought so hard to keep safe?!.when it ended i just sat there with this looming cloud of disappointment, knowing that from the beginning of the season i had just been setting myself up for it..on a happier note i love both seasons 1  2 (i feel like they tried to dumb it down after 2), and own all of the seasons.  this show has been my favorite, for its flawless acting, intensity, complex relationships and storylines.  what a way to go...
eva longoria fans beware!.lately i've seen a lot of press about abcs desperate housewives and its star, eva longoria.  i've not seen the show, but i later read about her and senorita justice in a movie mag, so i got curious, and bought this film largely to see what all the fuss was about...first off, although senorita justice's marketing touts eva longoria as one of the stars, she only has about 5 minutes of screen time.  and even then, she's mainly listening to her partner cop.  longoria has barely any lines...this is typical of how many films are (bogusly) marketed.  one of the bit players in a film becomes a star, so the film is re-released to capitalize on that stardom.  so if you're a longoria fan, you may be disappointed in senorita justice...actually, the film is disappointing on other levels too.  the production values look like a shot-on-video/direct-to-video grade z effort.  so too the acting, which is very stilted in many scenes, such as when the star (edith gonzalez) learns that her brother is dead, and she "breaks down" into tears.  i'm guessing gonzalez mainly gets cast based on her looks, because her acting isn't very credible...longoria's acting is more comfortable (less wooden) but she doesn't get a chance to act much...the story's about a female cuban-american lawyer (gonzalez) who "escaped the neighborhood" by getting a law degree and a "rich white boyfriend."  this causes resentment when she returns to the 'hood...she does so because she's also an ex-cop, so when her gangsta brother is killed, she comes back to the 'hood to take revenge.  she engages in a lot of fistacuffs with whole groups of male gangstas, and i just couldn't buy that she'd be that tough.  in the end, a female yakuzi assassin is sent from japan to kill her, and they engage in what's supposed to be a supreme battle, but is actually pretty tame.  ..the images are pretty flatly lit, in that low-budget direct-to-video manner.  however, a few of the shots are nice, and it's mostly well edited (such as when two people are talking, there are shots, we cut to black, see images from the past, then we return and see that one of the people has been shot and has seen his life "flash before his eyes."..the writing and motivations are less credible.  one girl in the 'hood hates gonzalez because she's in love with the same man), but when gonzalez plans to leave the 'hood, the girl lectures gonzalez about being a coward and running away.  it's all contradictory to her character, but i guess the writer wanted to get that speech in...later, another cop engages in murder (killing a bad guy from behind, instead of yelling "freeze") and this is supposed to be both realistic and heroic.  it's not, but it's one of the many unrealistic events that made it hard to suspend disbelief."..not a great film, but okay in a low-budget sort of way
donde esta el bano?.because, your gonna need to go after you see this mess. okay, we have a bunch of cuban/latina(o) stereotypes thrown together in a gang/streets of miami kinda-movie. so instead of getting miami vice, we get a cheapo-psuedo-quot;fast and furiousquot; pile of junk. (look for the vin diesel look-a-like!) the story revolves around edith gonzalez's char. (and while she is eye candy), she can't act her way out of a paper bag.  her brother gets killed, and she tries to find out why.  the quot;copsquot; in this movie are just awful.  the interrogation room is a conference table, and some comfy rollable chairs in a wall-less, floor-less space with 1 overhead light. they always let people go after asking them 2 questions.  (what is your name? did you see anything?)  the production value is a tad better than most movies i give 1 star to, but good editing, doesn't necessarily make a good film.  if you want to watch an hour and a half of latin swearing and showboatmanship this skid mark on the cuban culture is for you.  i do recommend this for mst3k value (goofin' on), the foley artist they hired to do the sound effects went overboard and allowed a 100 pound girl to make a punch that sounds like a rhino going throw a brick wall.  simply hilarious
awful.really, really low budget. the acting is bad; the action is laughable, akin to those stupid rapper movies starring snoop. the only good thing about this movie is the delicious edith gonzalez. but don't waste money on this one, just catch one of her many telenovelas on tv
don't  waste your money.the writers used the character names, and the book name, but nothing else.the explanation of the 3 laws was ridiculous.the art work of the robots was good.will smith did his usual fantastic job as an actor, but the writers gave him poor material and where comedy was called for it went over like a lead balloon..i robot is part of a series of asimov books resolving around both human and robot characters.  the human and the robot both evolve and explore the meaning of life and humanity.  none of this appeared in the movie
go home smith.this is a terrible missues of one of asimovs greatest novels. the relevance to the novel is only marginal.  .will smith is (as usual) doing a terrible job at being an action hero. he should have stayed with the sit-coms
don't do it!.this so-called "movie" is actually six short stories competing to be dumb, dumber and dumbest.  the actors and actresses seem to have been recruited from a nearby homeless shellter.  don't miss the chance to pass on this one
not worth the street fight.this movie does not even lead up to the game. the plot isn't good at.all. terrible acting performances by most of the actors/actresses. i.was surprise to know that kylie mingoue was cammy. the fight scenes.were fake. my favorites in the game were ken and ryu, and they made.them unreal. and for the rest of the other fighters, their background.stories are also fake and very hard to believe. basically, the whole.movie from start to end was very boring. in my own opinion...they.should make a remake of street fighter!!!! save ur money!!
gaccccccccccccck.terrible movie, bottom line..i guess this 'could' be enjoyable for kids but anyone that was a fan of the street fighter video games will be revolted at this hideous piece of work.  i watched this with friends when we had a 'bad movie night' and i suppose it has some merit when used for that purpose, but it was so poor i don't know if i could even watch it again for that reason...* not recommende
a bad movie with some redeaming qualities.ok so claud was never a great actor and this was not his best work, yes the "martial arts" are weak at best, but i still own this movie and watch it just to see raul julia go over the top...why do they still call me a warlord? and mad? all i want to do is to create the perfect genetic soldier. not for power, not for evil, but for good. carlos blanka will be the first of thousands. they will march out of my laboratory and crush every adversary, every creed, every nation! until the world is in the loving grip of the pax bisonica. and peace will reign and all humanity will bow to me in humble gratitude.
dear god no .....i was a teen in the 1990's and i watched "mystery science theatre 3000" and loved it because the films where so bad , they where good (funny) ... this peace of $#!t would have been right at home there !..only watch if your :..high..drunk ..looking for something stupid to watch..or all of the above ...thank you
a legendary fighting game becomes an abysmal movie....do i really need to mention why this movie is complete ass? street fighter ii was a legendary arcade game that was super addictive and plain old fun to play! it was so popular that people said it would make a great movie. they made the street fighter movie and pow!!! it sucked like a tornado! the acting is garbage, jean-clude van damme can't act for hell's sake, and the special effects are almost non-existent! it also doesn't even have ryu or ken! come on people! street fighter is one of the worst if not the worst movie i ever saw! nothing is good about it except the license
a movie that seriously blows.this is the one of the worst movies ive seen.its absoloutly pathetic i just dont get the point.come on you can do better
this movie blows!!!!!!!!!!!!!.this movie blows it's terrible. i remember me my brother and two couisins being in love with this garbage back when it came out  in theatres just because it had street fighter attached to it. but now i look back on this trash with nothing but disgust. i warn everyone to stay away from this movie at all cost you will be glad you did. oh yeah i only gave it one star because negative one million wasn't an option
not enough excavators.my son likes basic construction trucks:  excavators, bulldozers, front end loaders.  this dvd focuses on several exotic, extremely large machines found at a coal mine:  a large shovel that looks like mary anne in mike mulligan and his steam shovel, a huge dump truck, and another shovel on a cable.  if you want to see normal construction vehicles, get i love big machines parts 1  2
incredible red sox play off games and world series! bogus dvd set.why aren't these games preserved in their original recording quality?!? one of the main reason i enjoy my hdtv is because the sports broadcasts. i remember these games were broadcast in hdtv. why the recording quality of this dvd set is below even sub par is beyond my comprehension. i've never been more disappointed in a dvd set than i am in this one. the games are so distorted on my hdtv that i can't stand watching them. these are games to treasure and to watch over and over and over again. unfortunately i won't be able to do that with this dvd set. beside the quality of the recording, i was disappointed in how much the games were edited down for "time." some of the games are clearly more compressed to save room on the discs than others. it should have been expanded to another disc if time was such an issue.
quality is unacceptable..i watched the original games in 2004 on an hdtv.  i figured the dvd set released a year later would have been cut from the original hd broadcasts i saw, not worse quality than the original standard def. broadcast!  i should have just left the games on my dvr...i would have been okay with switching discs before the 5th innings.  at least then, i could have hope that an hd-dvd version would eventually come out with full games on each disc.  at least my memory of the games isn't yet as fuzzy as these recordings
don't mistake this for film noir.the postman always rings twice concerns the married but lonely wife of a depression era hamburger stand owner who ensnares a virile drifter into her murderous schemes.  and that description itself is more entertaining than the whole film. ..femme fatales are meant to entice with their edge and sex appeal yet repulse with their dangerous behavior, even though their foils find out after it is too late.  in this film lana turner as the wife, comes off as just bored, and not the slow sultry enui portrayed by deborah harry, who had a good role in the dreadful film, "union city" showing just this side. perhaps i am just not enough of a lana turner fan to be impressed by this film, but i don't see any heat, spark or sizzle between turner and john garfield as the drifter, certianly not the type witnessed between humphrey bogart and lauren bacall in "to have and have not"...as to this movie being a "film noir" i have no idea how it earned such a reputation.  there is one nice moment when john garfield gets the drop on a rival and violently pummels him and we are treated to a nice shot of turner gritting her teeth in a disgusting smile as she relishes the violence.  those couple of minutes are as noir as this movie gets. the photography is the same as dozens of other dramas made all thorugh the 40's. the rest is ho-hum.  ..the story is ok, the acting is certainly competent but the film is overall, forgetable
chaplin classic deserves a better dvd.warner must have fell asleep at the wheel with its dvd reissue of charlie chaplin's "monsieur verdoux." the "remastered" print is dark, murky and virtually unwatchable. in fact, it's a strain on the eyes! the additional star is given only for the extras -- especially the excellent "chaplin today" documentary. this dvd should be taken off the market until warner gets its act together.
hours wasted.a terrible example of italian filmmaking at its worst - vastly overlong, overblown, without a single sympathetic character (including those meant to be), full of stereotypes (especially overdone salt-of-the-earth peasants - you begin to sympathise with atilla the villainous overseer...), full of bad acting and bad history, and -like so many italian films of this period - little more than a marxist fable with a morricone soundtrack
narcisstic nincompoops.one of the worst films ever made, especially because some of the best talent in cinema is involved.  i love last tango in paris and worship deniro.  sterling hayden and burt lancaster were 2 of the great old school actors, and vittorio storaro is perhaps the world's finest cinematographer..but this movie is largely a product of its director's arrogance and his contempt for anyone who doesn't share his beliefs in a ridiculously romanticized version of marxism..the only scene i enjoyed involves deniro and company using cocaine, which i have no doubt was done with the real stuff--deniro's a stickler for realism..perhaps i'm revealing my american bourgeois sensibility, but bertolucci's obsession with dung, cheap thrills, and animal and child torture infuriates me, and leads me to think he is a simple minded artist who can make his points only in the most crude ways.  i've not been able to take donald sutherland seriously as an actor after watching him act like a sadistic clown out of something like hustler magazine in this movie.  did they really kill the cat for the sake of realism here?  it's a possibility..marxist philosophy has a lot of truth to it.  in practice, it's not so good.  the soviet union proved that, and so does this movie.  stalin might have enjoyed parts of it, but he would have had an intellectual like bertolucci killed, no question about it
a disgrace.bertolucci drags the viewer through a seemingly endless promotional film for communism. the characters are drawn with as much dimensionality as those in comic books (or ayn rand novels). fortunately we more recently have the excellent works of the top chinese directors, such as zhang yimou and kaige chen, to tell the real story of communist brutality. their far superior movies make this effort seem clownish and morally nauseating
terrible, absolutely terrible..because of the stellar reviews here, i rented the first two discs. man, this show sucks. i'm floored by how bad the writing is. from the reviews i was expecting "my so called life" meets the "x-files". instead i got felicity (or any other teen drama) with three really mundane orphan aliens...the premise of the show is terribly contrived:..cute teenage girl has her life saved by a boy that she has a crush on. it so happens the boy is an alien. okay, fine. the show has to start somewhere. the boy has an alien sister and an alien best friend. the ex-boyfriend of cute teenage girl is the sheriff's son. the sheriff happens to be the son of a known ufo crack-pot/expert and the sheriff is angst ridden about what happened to his father. father and jilted son are always suspicious of the three aliens and their friends. cute teenage girl has a best friend who's also cute. hey, what do you know, the alien's best alien friend is kinda cute too. instant chemistry. oh yeah, the alien works in a ufo museum after school so he can do research about his origins. they all go to high school and have teenage pressures and problems. but on top of that, they're aliens! but they're quirky aliens because they put tobasco sauce on everything they eat. yeah, that's about how exciting this show is. alf had more personality and bigger problems. pssst, the guidance counselor really works for the fbi. crazy plot twist, no? ..that's as far as i got. maybe i should have given it more time. but i just couldn't force myself. unless season 1 ends with a cameo by david duchovny mercifully putting bullets in the three aliens heads i would just be disappointed
all brawn - no brain.sorry, but i don't accept that it is okay for action movies to be brainless simply because they are action movies and, therefore, suspension of disbelief comes with the territory. a bit more care over the script and you've got a half-decent film with action at its core. hard target is soft where it counts - in the head...i have actually enjoyed other van damme movies - universal soldier, for one - otherwise i wouldn't have watched this one - so i didn't watch it with the intention of criticizing it. sadly, i had expected better...the script has more holes than swiss cheese and the supporting cast are simply woeful. i won't go so far as to claim they make jean-claude look fit for shakespeare but you get the idea. one can only wonder if they were chosen for the sole purpose of making him look good - by being as bland as possible. the lead female has done nothing of note since this outing and i, for one, am not surprised. then again,what was she meant to do with a cartoon character like the one she was given? as for the lead bad guy when he was meant to be playing the piano??? ham on the bone! ..the action sequences themselves are the only reason for watching this movie - and it's simply not enough for me. the set pieces aren't spectacular or imaginative enough, for starters. if you just want car chases, shoot outs and explosions, fine. personally, i prefer a story to go with it. and a script that is somewhere this side of credible
yeesh!.honestly, guys, just because you think it's a stupid action movie doesn't mean you have to give it five stars!  what's up with that?  every kill is shot in slow-mo from fifteen different angles.  that is not good direction by any stretch of the imagination for anyone with a shred of critical faculty.  van damme is like three feet tall, with an accent more syrupy than a chain of waffle houses (to paraphrase mike nelson)  he does not deserve to be enriched, complimented, or even *tolerated*.  even hollywood is catching on to this...admittedly, i'm a horror movie fan, and loathe action movies.  but even if i enjoy an occasional crappy horror movie (and that's about 90% of them, if i have to be brutally honest) doesn't mean i give it five stars!  in the future, try not to be so idiotic
can you say superman? (or least superboy?).let me ask that age-old question; can this get any dumber? more than likely yes. the show could bring in yet another pathetic teenager who has been infected by the meteor rocks and goes down in another pathetic stand off against the incredible dull and loser clark kent. need i say more???..how about a history lesson?.clark kent is not actually real, but a disguise to hide the identity of superman. he came to earth as a baby (not a toddler) to survive the destruction of his home planet krypton. he grows up as a farm boy in the town of smallville where his powers appear and mature. he has no friends, (no chloe, no pete, and especially not a young lex luther) but there is a lana lang who is his love interest. he can never be with her because she can never know his secret. clark grows into a young man and then assuming the role of superboy where he deals with foes with extraordinary powers that come from outer space, other dimensions, and areas outside of smallville. that us when he becomes brief friends with lex luther and fatal disaster destroys their relationship and thus becoming enemies. finally as he becomes a man, his destiny is complete by taking up the role as superman. in order to fit into society he disguises himself once again as a news reporter for the metropolis daily planet and meets his true love louis lane. and still the foes come stronger and harder then ever, even the dreaded doomsday. thus there is the life of superman who becomes clark kent...season one: toddler ka-el comes to earth during a meteor shower and grows up into high school freshman clark kent. (who looks like he's been held back for four years along with everyone else attending smallville high) he learns of his origins and deals with special powers that arise which help him with the lame and everyday events. they also help him deal with troubled residents who have been affected by meteor rocks and keeps on screwing up his chances of getting a girlfriend with either the beautiful lana lang or his friend the article writer chloe. after saving the life of a lex luthor whom is in his twenties, clark becomes best friends with him, which only complicates the burden of keeping his powers and origins a secret...the only thing that this season had going for it was cute young women and an okay soundtrack. the crisis that arise become so repetitive that you just wished they would stop showing up, but then you'd have to watch an hour of a teenager and his friends hanging out trying to hide their true feelings from another. the special effects are cool but that's all that matters to these days now isn't it?   ..season two: more of clark's powers surface to help him do battle against pathetic threats and his friendships either grew or slowly begin to fall apart...once again this show is very repetitive and only has pretty women, a good soundtrack, and cool special effects going for it. you keep finding yourself wanting to scream; "just put clark and lana together since you've killed the story of superman!" at least christopher reeves makes an appearance but his part is so boring you've got to wonder how much the show paid him to be in it. the finale is interesting because jor-el finally shows up and demands clark to face his destiny...season three: after fighting his addiction to red kryptonite, clark returns to smallville to try to fix and pick things back up with lana...the premiere was okay because it was dealing with superman ideas, and so was the episode where a drunken perry white makes a stop in smallville for the same reason. other than that, things are the same for the story line and the effects. once again christopher reeves makes an appearance, which is just beyond me knowing why. this season was the most disappointing of all because the viewer was expecting clark to at least become superboy, which he never did. jor-el calls clark home and the finale ends there...season four: all that can be said is that it returns in september and a young louis lane comes into play...hopefully when clark returns from the krypton dimension, he will assume the role of superboy. (that's probably asking too much though isn't it?) this show should have been canceled long ago during the first season and should have been an embarrassment to everyone involved, but i guess everyone is on drugs. what the writers and creators don't get is; superman is always superman, he can never stop being him. clark kent is just a disguise to hide that fact. this show is not about superman and sadly it's not even about superboy. it's about a boy named clark kent, who has a jonathan and martha kent as parents, has a friend named lex luthor, lives in a town named smallville, and just happens to have super powers that helps him in a crisis, but the show is not about superman or superboy. i am disgusted to see the superman emblem on this show.
question about character in book iii.for those of you who had the patience to watch through book iii, can anyone indentify the character of the teacher as ali macgraw
real characters and situations need not apply--another film with an annoying compendium of character "types".here we go again (send me your hate mail).  "mind the gap" is another (of many) films that people discover and love.  with a large colorful cast, many life lessons to be learned, and a rollicking feel good ending--oh, this must be a crowd pleaser!  people will embrace this film, it'll make them feel good--but rarely have i witnessed a movie so false and so manipulative at every turn.  i recently said in another review that "quirky" is the new curse of the indie film scene.  there are nice quirky pictures--but most films of this genre tend to give you character types instead of real people.  we're supposed to find oddball mannerisms irresistible and relatable.  now a straight comedy can sometimes pull this off, but it is far more difficult for a film trying to have a serious side.  it's a house of cards--because you have "types" and not "people," real emotional payoff is hard to come by.  in "mind the gap," this house is also built on overstylized and unbelievable dialogue.  ..the impossibly quirky characters in this ensemble include an old jewish man in new york who berates everyone he meets, a terribly despondent father in the southwest, and a street performer in astoria with a bad heart and 10 jars of peanut butter in her refrigerator (isn't that wacky?)  there are two other main characters, each more precious than the others.  there's a man in vermont with his son.  they shave their heads on a whim to look like michael jordan, isn't that cute?  and they patter on in a most unrealistic way--imagine a grade school child who draws crayon pictures in class.  now imagine the same kid involved in pithy banter and uttering lines like this--"do you really think that subliminal mind control is the way to bring up a healthy, free-thinking child?"  priceless.  and a young woman taking care of her terminal mother in a trailer.  she wears winter hats year round to make people smile, collects photos of crime victims and their mothers, and has people send her audio tapes from places around the work (like a diner in china).  that way she can go around uttering cute foreign phrases when she has no idea what they mean.  why utilize only one quirk when you can really layer it on?..after about an hour of this whimsical merriment, it's time for something more serious.  with mood music cueing you to every emotion you should feel, our crazy cast gets decidedly more maudlin.  all the precious quirks are dropped.  now we get attempted suicide, terminal illness and the repercussions of rape among other things.  no longer content to be a bit of a lark, "mind the gap" now attempts to discuss the human condition and the frailty of life. ..but don't worry about anything too serious.  after a bit of soul searching and contemplation, we get to the most outrageously contrived ending possible.  all of our disparate souls end up in new york crossing paths with each other and learning how to live again.  what uplift and inspiration--not a moment of the emotion real or earned and not a bit of it believable.   ..i'm sorry to be a cynic (again) for the many of you who will adore this movie.  nothing pleases me more than to genuinely connect with a film--to laugh, cry and feel.  but, for me, a film has to earn genuine emotion by being genuine--not by sitcom contrivance and feel good cliche.
hollywood what trash i want my life back..i can't believe anyone thought this movie was funny,  in a nutshell this movie is a  mean, cruel sprited.  i get the family is dyfunctional but even in dyfunctional family they have a  little heart and try to expect the new outsider. this being the girlfriend played by (sarah jessica parker.) the brother 's queer friend gets a more warm handshake which is totally stupid. i thought was going to scream and wished i never would've rent this turkey.  the only good parts in this film are the last 15 minutes.
uneven movie.this movie had two things going for it; sarah jessica parker and craig t. nelson.  ..everett stone brings home his girlfriend, meredith morton, to meet his family for christmas.  the youngest daughter, amy, has already met meredith and took an instant dislike to her.  she immediately tells the rest of the family negative things about meredith, which cause them to be cold to her upon arrival.  her ability to run at the mouth and say things without thinking do not help her situation, and the only person who seems to have any sympathy for her is ben, her boyrfriend's brother.  ..the movie looses it focus when the plot turns.  after an embarrassing encounter at dinner, meredith leaves the house, with ben following her instead of everett. instead everett has become infatuated with meredith's sister, julie, who came to lend moral support to her sister, in her time of need.  i found it hard to believe that julie would never stick up for her sister, even if meredith put her foot in her mouth.  also, from meredith's character, it was  also difficult to believe that she would so easily sway her affection to the brother.  ..to top all of this drama off is a subplot of the mother's returning cancer.  basically, there was too much in this movie, but it makes for an interesting one time watch.  the acting in this movie is saved by excellent performances from craig t. nelson, as the father of the stone clan, and by sarah jessica parker, as meredith...my score 2/10
unmerry christmas.dermot mulroney plays a man who brings his girlfriend (sarah jessica parker) home to meet his family at christmas.  the family take an instant dislike to her and the harder she tries to please them, the more they dislike her.  eventually she asks her sister to come for the holidays, and then things become really complicated.  i will try to be fair about this movie and first list the positives.  the cast is very appealing, especially matriatch diane keaton, and the snow scenes are really pretty.  now for the negatives--the script is often pretty bad("i dreamed you were shoveling the snow and i was the snow") and the situations become about as likely as a snowball in havana.  sarah jessica parker's character has mood swings that begin to grate after awhile.  one minute she's an uptight business woman, the next she's a drunken flirt, and the next she's snuggling up to her prospective brother-in-law.  this movie has an identity crisis and can't decide if it's comedy or tragedy, so one minute it's full of pathos and the next, it's slapstick.  it's slow in the beginning and just plain ridiculous towards the end.  it is so trite that i was predicting the plot turns before they happened and reciting the lines before the actors did.  i truly expected a better movie than this
waste of good plastic.oh no. mr. giles' charater goes from flea to cam then back to flea constantly. that's unaccetable, especially since he spliced in real footage of him playing basketball. i think he should've kept it purely fiction because of all the bodies he caught. some segments were cool, like flex's comedy and the spanish girls transporting drugs, but that's about all she wrote. the shootout scene is barely so-so, and the ridiculous, nonsensical violence makes an already-weak story straight-up lame. cam did indeed make a killing sellng this dvd, but it sucks, plain and simple. mobb deep's dvd, rocafella's dvds, with beanie as the lead man, and just about ever hood dvd i've ever seen tops this one.
i got a boot leg.i ordered this from 2 different people and this is was the last one i ordered. i know that it was a bootleg. it had a photocopy cover and i noticed that the disk was one that was printed out like at someones home. i gave it away. very dissappointing, i know a bootleg, cause that is all that they sell here in iraq
it was ok...but fake.cameron is wack, because this movie is just like every other rapper who makes these low budget movies such as thicker than water, bout it, state property, all these guys selling so much drugs, and becoming boss tycoons! they dreamin trying to live the life they know nothing about. cameron is a busta he never lived nothing like that. stop trying to be scarface, and stop wasting film, and money on wack movies that we already seen this story. make something good, and entertaining you wack rappe
problem with ordering.i loved angel heart.  i ordered the unrated (x) version from a seller who works with amazon.  i received the r rated version. i then ordered the special edition from amazon directly which stated it was the unrated version.  however, it was also rated r.  it looks like i will have to buy it here locally.  the movie was excellent and i would recommend it to anyone.  ..if you are going to buy it from either a seller or amazon, make sure you are getting the correct version
wow, what a horrible dvd!!!!.this dvd rehashes old disney cartoons into a "christmas" theme--i say "christmas," beacuse a couple of the cartoons have little to do with christmas.  additionally, the new animation that was created for this dvd is as bad as i've ever seen.  if you like rehashed older cartoons that you can get on better dvd sets and crappy animation that makes the princesses look robotic, go ahead and waste your money on this one.  otherwise, skip it.  ..shame on you disney--this dvd is nothing but a cheap and shoddy attempt to get a few dollars!..if i could, i'd give this dvd a rating of "0"
not worth the money......my 3 year old was so excited to see that they had come out with a princess christmas movie so as soon as it came out, we rushed out to get it. within minutes she was bored with the old clips and even found a few scenes scary. she has never watched it again and it was a waste of money in my opinion. i would not recommend for a disney princess lover as its not what you think.
very disappointing.my wife and i thought this dvd would be all christmas songs along with princesses either singing them or dancing, but boy, were we wrong. it has bunch of real boring cartoons that they hardly give you any warm feeling about christmas.
2.5 stars - it was just ok..my daughter, almost 2 1/2, is really, really into the disney princesses. i encourage her to notice that they are smart, kind, generous, etc. and not so much on the "princess" part. i expected a lot from this dvd, since it was the big holiday release, but in all honesty, my daughter got really bored, really fast, and i honestly can't blame her. the snow white story, though cute and very retro, wasn't a real attention grabber and had no educational value at all. truth be told, she liked the last story best and only because the horses saved the day! it wasn't the worst, but wasn't the best either. save your money and buy rudolph instead
buyer beware.i am a big fan of stott pilates essential matwork tapes - i recommend them to all of my pilates students - but i find that i'd like to issue a buyer beware about these stott programs. every program i've viewed since purchasing the original dvd's are all the same exerices, the same warm-up breathing info that goes on way too long and takes up a big portion of the program, and that if you have the essentials dvd's, you have most of what stott has to offer on dvd at this time...i'd love to be able to return the new purchases, but if course cannot, now that they've been opened, but i feel that i have wasted my money on the possibility of pretty positions on covers that do not have anything to do with content
seriously miscast.i loved the book, so i rushed to see this movie when it came out. walter mosely is listed as an "associate producer" but i wonder who ultimately cast this movie? denzel is perfect as easy, tom sizemore is perfect as albright but don cheadle was miscast as mouse. in the book, he's described as light-skinned and handsome ( a ladies' man ) but small in stature. i pictured a guy like giancarlo esposito in the role. also, cheadle could not do the deep southern accent mouse speaks with in the book...but the most serious miscast was jennifer beals as daphne a/k/a "the devil in the blue dress", she was way too old for the part! in the book she was a beautiful teenager, 16 or 17 ( i can't remember exactly ) that could pass for white. someone maybe like lisa bonet or even a young white actress should have played her. with this crucial error, the plot failed to make sense
the worst movie ever made, bar none..this is without question the worst movie ever made. it makes "plan 9 from outer space" look like "2001". roger ebert must be a genius. no one could "accidentally" make a movie this bad. i guess it's a comedy - that is if you find the contents of a toilet funny
sold as x-rated, boxed as nc-17, video tv-ma.the ad for this video clearly states the film is rated x, so i thought i was getting the original film, or i would have never bought it because the version sent to me is the same one shown on fox movie channel. i had previously seen the nc-17 version and it is what prompted me to try and purchase the x rated version. if anyones sees the real nc-17 or the x-rated versions of this film they will see a great movie. buyer bewar
beyond the valley of the dolls.again, i ordered the dvd, but received a vhs..just because i'm in the movie, doesn't mean it's good.  i bought it for my collection.  something my grandchildren can see.......years from now
there are certain roles meg ryan can play ,.and this isn't one of them.  she's just too cutsy and clean not earthy enough.  she's better off with lighter subject matter so she can show off her cutsy.  i didn't believe for 1 second that she was a drunk.  besides why would anyone need a drink if they were married to super sexy andy garcia.  i could think of better things to do with him
an empty sci-fi thriller.this is one of those movies where you're just waiting for something to happen but never does. it just meanders along and relies on its special fx, which are quite good, to give the movie any substance at all. a couple of good performances by the cast without being outstanding, but there was only so much they could do with a shallow script. they look lost and wanting to give more but are restricted. there are better, a lot better sci-fi movies out there than this one. special features aren't very interesting either
i didn't like it..i'm not sure what this movie was about.  it had all of the hollywood cliches such as a nude shower scene, the older astronaut dies tragically, one astronaut turns on the other and murders him, there's man eating bugs, a murderous robot, and a star trek style fight scene where he outsmarts a robot with his ingenuity.  its ironic that the guy is saved by a russian spacecraft since american movies always make fun of russians even though they've put more astronauts in space than we ever have been able to...the breathable air thing was odd.  all that equipment and they forgot to check the air on mars when they landed?  could have saved them a lot of trouble if they stuck to the post-landing checklist...i thought "mission to mars" was much better, indicating how bad this movie was.  mission to mars was hokey but at least it had an interesting plot
dull, tedious, melodramatic.a dull, tedious, melodramatic effort that wastes the cast and the craft of scene setting.  everything goes out the window once people start moving and talking and it takes hours for the story to reach the predictable non-conclusion.  the film is laden with cliches and burdened by a lack of focus.  pick a story out of here and you can make 20 films, but don't throw together teasers and expect everyone to appreciate the slow-mo trainwreck of family tragedies that this movie encompasses
no thank you..i found yi yi to be a tedious film, at times the action and characters felt quite contrived and cliched. the subtitles were poorly highlighted and i often could not figure out who was speaking the line. the only refreshing thing in the movie was the final scene at the grandmother's funeral, but it was not worth a three hour wait to get to this poigant scene. do yourself a favor, and skip this one
there are better options.this is a boring and plain bad movie...don't be fouled just because it is a japanese horror movie. it is bad, there nothing to be scare of. this is not a thriller, not a psychological horror film, is really just a bad an very boring movie...don't waste any money on this movie. if you are looking for good horror asian films try "a tale of two sisters", "the eye", and "the eye 2"
the newest poster child for a disturbing trend........and that trend is any and all japanese films. creatively devoid hollywood latched onto some japanese horror films like the ring and the grudge and cranked out some vastly inferior remakes. because these did well, the original japanese versions became a hot commodity in video rental stores...and that's the start of our problem. because these did so well in your local blockbuster, we are now getting flooded with tons of japanese horror movies. so where's the problem? here it is: ringu (the ring) and ju-on (the grudge) were good japanese horror movies. not all japanese horror movies are good, and some are just plain terrible. that doesn't seem to matter at the moment, since if its japanese and horror, then america wants it!.   pray has ridden the coattails of this japanese horror fervor, which it absolutely doesn't deserve. this is one bad movie. i have no idea if people awarding this movie 4 or 5 stars are just being pretentious pseudo-intellectuals, but i cannot imagine anyone who appreciates cinema not being horrified at how bad this film really is. .   first off, while pray fancies itself a horror movie, there really is no horror in it. usually, horror movies have to have at least one scary or unsettling moment. perhaps one split second of pray qualifies as 'horror'(and i'm being generous here), the rest of it is an incredibly boring and illogical mess. the boring part is because nothing really happens for 3/4 of the movie. when i say nothing, i mean nothing. on top of that, the last 1/4 of the movie has the only real happenings in the film- and those happenings are boring too. make no mistake, this is not a 'psychological' horror film- this is just a very bad and boring "horror" film. now, on to the illogical part. have you ever seen a horror movie where a child walks or runs past an adult who wants to speak to the kid, and the adult doesn't try to grab them and say "wait, i need to talk to you!". no, the adult just stares and watches the kid go right on by and around the corner, and then is shocked when after finally following them around the corner, the kid is nowhere to be seen. well, that happens over ten times in this movie!! you would think by the fifth time the stupid adult would grab the kid, but nooooo, it makes perfect sense to just stand and watch with a blank look on your face as the kid walk away for the umpteenth time. none of the characters in pray act remotely like a real person would act, and that makes the film even worse..    to top it all off, the directing is terrible. the film starts at a very bizzare point, with no backstory to tell you what is going on, or who any of the characters (or what their motivations) are. because of this, you don't ever give a damn about any of the characters in this movie- and since they are boring you to death for 3/4 of the film, you will actually pray that they all meet violent ends. the acting is subpar as well, especially the two lead actors. what a laughably bad movie pray is..   just like hollywood, the japanese make lots of really bad movies. pray is one of them. just because a movie is japanese, does not mean it will be a good movie. don't bother with pray unless you are having trouble sleeping (it will cure that right away). instead, check out some good japanese films like ringu, ju-on, and (for the more adventurous) ichi the killer.
not for the average hdtv owner.while the information is helpful, the instructions to complete the tests are poor. i figured out when to use the blue filter but how about the green and red filter, where is the test for those? too much technobabble, not enough step by step instructions for the average person
too confusing.this disc is very complete and has a lot of content if you can find it.  the test patterns and sound test are great but the menu system is so crazy and hard to use that i wouldn't recommend it to anyone..i've used it a few times and the only way i can find everything is to watch every preview to get to the content and patterns you want..again it's exellent if you can figure out the menu but there are better disc's on the market
good casting in a very lame screenplay.everything in this movie was just so trivial. typical english female writers' style, nothing but blah, blah, and blah. what we got here is one adultery husband, a womanizer who just wanted all the women, including his own daughter, but since this man was created by a female english writer, he himself in general is still a not a bad guy; then the second man who loved his wife so loyally; the 3rd brother was a dreamer, a romantic foolish idealist, but a very decent person who loved his 2nd wife and kids so much; then a sister who was a lesbian but a lovely woman, kind and generous...blah this and blah that for a total 5 episodes in 3 dvds. so what this story really delivered? nothing, a story so common and so cliched and might have been told and played thousand times. to the movie itself, it's a really good movie, well performed, directed, edited...whatever, all good. but the screenplay...well, same old sameold like all the other female writers already did, so stereotyped boring and typically feminine
space madness.dark star is as if the ren and stimpy episode, "space madness" were made into a live action film and extended into feature film length. like george lucas' debut thx-1138, it is a film that would be forgotten if the director had not gone onto bigger and better things. it might pass if you have a fetish for cheesy 70's sci-fi such as soylent green and logan's run. for the rest of us all i can say is give me a break. the talking voice is lifted straight from hal in 2001. the effects are so terrible that its hard not to burst out laughing when one of the main characters have a dialogue and a fight with a beachball (!). otherwise, it just seems as if everyone is stoned. i can forgive john carpenter, because after all its just a student film and he went on to make halloween, which is probably one of the best horror films of all times. i just wouldn't rush to watch this. you'll feel as if you're trapped in space with the characters the whole time. as one of them says, "i like it up here"
only because you can't choose 0 stars (or minus stars).this movie is terrible.  the synopsis is completely misleading.  don't waste money or time on this one
you've gotta be kidding me.did anyone else watch the same movie that i did?  or should i say try to watch the same movie that i did?  i am a huge classic sci-fi movie lover and had heard good things about this one.  i was mislead.  i can seriously think of no redeeming value to this movie.  in fact, i am sure that carpenter and o'bannon are quite ashamed of this black scar that lingers in their past.  the unwitty dialogue tries to be clever all throughout the movie and is just sooo boring.  the 'effects' don't exist, and the whole alien beach ball thing is just embarrasing.  it's not funny - it is embarassing.  i could make a better movie with a handycam in my garage
warning, stay away!!!.this movie is bad on every level. bad acting, bad special effects, bad storyline (freakin boring).  i love the scifi/horror/comedy medium, but this film is just a straight up bomb.  it's not like, so bad it's funny. it's just, so lame and uneventful that i fell asleep faster that my friend who floated a keg full of nyquil. i'm telling you, please, watch anything else. .    from the very first scene you will be able to tell the quality of film that you are getting yourself into,(crap) and it never gets better from there. froget about the big names like john carpenter  dan o'bannon.  this was a school project of theirs! how many school projects have you ever done that were even remotely interesting? that's right, none! there is an alien in the movie, prepared to be scared, oh wait no, prepare to laugh, oh wait no, try neither. the alien is just a beach ball with feet. i'm serious,a beach ball, and our heroic characters are deathly afraid of it. what's worse is that more than a 3rd of the film is dedicated to this inflatable menace. i just can't go on, reliving anymore of this film is bringing back the desire to play russian roulette. do yourself a favor and pass on this one, you'll thank me...tom in san antoni
a less than entertaining movie.there are no elements of unpredictability, novelty, interest, or emotion to be felt in this unwatchable, ridiculous sci-fi junk that fails to scare or even qualify as passable trash [...] with its shoddy special effects, [...] writing, and embarrassing performances
shamefully bad.this is the worst movie that was ever made. i'd rather move to paris and hang out in cafes debating french politics than watch this movie again. it is so bad that it's not worth watching just out of a sense of morbid curiosity-- it is disappointing from every angle. in this case the word bad means world-class egregious waste of otherwise perfectly good blank film. i can't even force myself to describe the movie, it's not worth the effort. i don't like thinking about the movie as i write this. what i'm really concerned about are the people here who somehow found any kind of entertainment value from this movie. are they nuts, or just the products of our modern, mindless universities? someone needs to tell them it's time for their medicine and to stay off the internet
moderately sly premise but precious little to behold here.if mind-bending thrillers like basic instinct prove anything, the theme of an expert becoming obsessed with his cryptic subject presents a great deal of potential. this film attempts a similar tapestry. our protagonist (ewan mcgregor) finds himself progressively involved in eavesdropping a disturbing femme fatale across the street (ashley judd) who's in the blackwidow-spider type habit of zapping all males she beds. problem is, nothing much happens of this premise. we never find ourselves feeling for the agent or his liege. no romantic overtures with dangerous undertones. no edge of the seat interactions ala sharon stone films of the early 90s. instead, there's a queer apparition of the agent's daughter that punctuates every second scene and adds to the pile of threads that end up nowhere. such constant failure to take advantage of its almost-intriguing buildups gets the film my generous 1-star rating, anyone but mcgregor's biographer needn't bother
mcgregor and judd voyage threw a boring obsession tale.ewan mcgregor (the pillow book, brassed off), becomes obsessed with mystery woman ashley judd (double jepordy, twisted) and soon he starts to follow her around everywhere she goes. his fascination gets the best of him and it becomes deadly, yeah, ok. he sees her kill someone and the obsession starts right there...no wait was it there or was it when he took her picture. he then sees her kill another guy, she sucks up onto a blind guy who mcgregor ends up accidently killing, she ends up almost being arrested but mcgregor sets her free and then he follows her to a restaurant in the middle of a snowy area where he gets closer to her. then she finds out he's stalking her and she tries to run but then he chases after her with his car and ends up killing her and that's that. wow, exciting. mcgregor also suffers from seeing his little girl everywhere he goes and he talks to her. plays off like one of those music videos....like from a sappy writer.....a voyage of obsession. also starring patrick bergin, k.d. lang (the singer), jason preistley (calendar girl, beverly hills 90210) and genevieve bujold
oh, those poor racists lost their slaves, how sad!.(1) scarlett o'hara is the least likable "heroine" i've ever seen. she has no redeeming qualities..(2) we're supposed to sympathize with the south and feel nostalgia for the good old days when white folks could own black folks?.(3) this movie is way too long and dull..(4) i'm glad they burned atlanta to the ground..(5) there was nothing honorable or respectable about the old south and the plantation way of the life. the "gentlemen" were nothing but racists who thought they were aristocrats because blacks did all their work for them..(6) i'd rather watch "mandingo" than this racist garbage any day of the week
this film is an outrageous sacrilege!!!!!!!.many people will consider giving this movie such a low rating a sacrilege.this is understandable because so many people have grown up watching this film.i too loved this movie at a certain period of my life.the period between my birth and when i turned ten.that was when i read the book.the book is perhaps one of the greatest literary works ever created.it has now been awhile since i first read it,but i still remember the excitement i felt with each new chapter.i finished it in a few short hours.since then,i have reread it several times,and each time it has been just as enjoyable.it is a true classic that people of all ages can enjoy.my brother reads as little as possible, but even he loved it.the movie,on the other hand,has gotten worse with each subsequent viewing.it deters from the book in almost every way possible.it makes a mockery of each character through a combination of poor writing and horrible acting.judy garland is an absolutely abominable choice to play the plucky heroine,dorothy gale.in the book,dorothy was a little girl of about eight or nine and she was brave and clever.in the film,she is whiny,cowardly,fretful,and slightly stupid.she is also portrayed as being around fifteen.making her this old distorts the book and her older age doesn't fit with her childish behaviour and appearance.besides wrecking the book,this movie when looked at clearly is a terrible film.don't misunderstand me,i am a fan of musicals.however,this film made for an atrocious musical.practically every single song was annoying!!!!!also,the "somewhere over the rainbow" number did not suit the plotline as it was in the book.this brings me to the biggest,most awful,distortion of them all!!!in the book,dorothy really went to oz!!!!!not only that,she returned to oz several times in other oz books.eventually,she even moved there to live!!!in making the whole experience a dream,the entire story of oz was destroyed.having said that,this movie receives a 1 in my opinion.even so,i realize that many people will persist in liking this movie despite my words of wisdom.if they do sill consider this movie a favorite after reading the book,then the 3-disc dvd is the edition to purchase.the features look good and the picture is restored.as for me,i will spend my money on better things.
cute- but annoying and obvious..my little nephew had been bugging me to watch this movie for a year before i got around to it. he thinks it's one of the funniest things he's ever seen, and that may well be true, given that he was 10 when he saw it. at that age, i loved jerry lewis movies...now i enjoy jack black's musical humor, and his mugging and posing in small doses; unfortunately this movies delivers over an hour and a half of nothing but black's mugging and posing. worse, he's just not a very good actor. as a madcap comic, he's great, but he simply can't doing anything requiring a bit more subtlety...a bigger problem for me was that this movie pretty much telegraphs the entire plot in the first 15 minutes. you know he's going to be found out, that the shy kid is going to shine, and so forth. forty fine minutes into this film i just gave up and fast forwarded to the end to see if it played out the way i expected it to- and of course it did. one thing i didn't expect was the interminable scene that goes over the credits...on the plus side, there are a couple of very cute performances by a few of the children, and black does a pretty funny angus young impression...if you like black, and you have overall low expectations for movies, you may well enjoy this movie. i didn't.
bor - - - ing!.an unemployed (and unemployable) poet supported by his waitress wife. need i say more
original is better~!.if you want uncut original version, always look for original licensed production. not us release. its a foreign film, it should not be us version to begin with~! hello!!!?? why settle for less with us version where they edit and cut so many excellent scenes especially with jackie's fighting scenes. and us release ruins the speed and sound as well. i have been collecting jet li movies both hk and us release version for quite some time now. i found hk version to be much more in enjoyable, and higher in quality. american market always like to "americanize" and "control". regional code regulation thing is one of the example to control the market. why not let everyone enjoy the same hk original release move the same way rest of the world enjoys it ?? no one makes hollywood american movies to "french version" or "chinese version" ~! this what americans are doing~! well, enjoy the cheap "american version" then~! lo
over-rated.the first movie is very good but the second and third put me to sleep. everyone said these movies were so great. i just can't see why. unless you need to collect every jet li movie i would pass on this set. i think the first movie is worth buying singly though. it is very complex and unique. it will put you in a different dimension while watching it. but the 2nd and 3rd are so boring that i couldn't stay awake no matter how hard i tried. if you don't buy this set you will be missing nothing. however, try to pick up the first movie, it is very decent
cool film!!!.this film is a true classic. story is a bit slow, i kinda did't like it to much. the film was almost like his other 80's film but still i thought it was more like a "ladys soap opera". it some what has some awesome action in the movie. ..this is one of those films that if there is nothing else to watch on tv then you can pop this dvd in and kill some time with it
boring, dull, pointless.here's a brief synopsis:..people with german accents, hiding in a bunker in the woods.  lots of talking.  occasionally, they peek out and these random hollywood explosions start happening.  a few slow motion shots of people dropping dead...i rented this movie expecting a good depiction of some world war ii battles.  i wanted to see strategy...i wanted to see different battle theatres...instead, i got hundreds of shots of a few guys in the same location with occasional explosions.  boring.  the only people i think that truly enjoy this movie either liked it when it first came out or like it just because sam peckinpah directed it.  truly forgettable
good movie, bad dvd.dvd transfer quality is sub-mediocre; looks like a copy imaged from vhs tape.  it's also full screen.  sound quality is poor...the movie ultimately has merits along the lines that other reviewers have indicated.  this is just such a piss-poor release of it.
don't do it!.this so-called "movie" is actually six short stories competing to be dumb, dumber and dumbest.  the actors and actresses seem to have been recruited from a nearby homeless shellter.  don't miss the chance to pass on this one
she's is dirty!.all she sells is sex and attitude! young kids loves that. her voice is annoying and she's very vain, audience has to wait for her to change outfit all the times, it's the pri=madoona attitude and she 's not even that good
boring.i used to think this film was okay but it's really lame. he's going home only cause he wants a car, shows you how greedy people in america are about christmas. they only care about the material goods they get out of the overrated season
what were you thinking big bertha!.this movie doesn't even come close to as great as son-in-law was, i guess thats all i have to say
beware this "bootleg" dvd.royal wedding isn't on dvd yet. that's because the owner of the film, warner bros. hasn't released it yet...but several other companies have, under the "guise" of public domain. the original copyright on the film was not renewed properly with the library of congress, so the film is perceived to be public domain, although the music is very much copyrighted and every distributor of this movie is participating in copyright infringement by selling these "bootlegs"...the companies make the money, because they're selling other people's property...the people who ultimately suffer are you, the consumer, unknowingly buying products of inferior (worse than professional vhs) quality, thinking you're getting the real thing, because it's a dvd...save your money. wait until warner bros. gives us the real thing.thing.....and by the way, the movie gets 4 stars, it's the cheapo bootleg dvd that gets 1 star!
not worth the time.ordered this set for my dad for his birthday.  no sound!  changed all the sound options and no sound!
like an extended average little house on the priaire episode,.but more preachy and the cleaner, everything on the set looked like it just came out o f the cleaners. i wouldn't watch it,twice.
nothing like the book.the only things right about this movie is that willie and missie went west, the fact that missie was pregnant, and the names of 3 cowhands.  the rest of the movie is wrong from beginning to end, the book contained no bad guys obsessed with stealing from willie, and they did not adopt any half-grown children, nor was their baby named after willie's dead little brother because there was no such character in the book!  it is false to claim this movie is based on a best-selling book, it's based so loosely on the original story that there's no connection
the academy strikes again.1967 was a great year for the film industry, on par with 1939 for the number of classic films that were released. filmmakers broke new ground, with daring portrayals of sex, violence, racial strife, the generation gap and interracial marriage. the academy of motion picture arts and sciences almost got it right. the best picture nominees were: bonnie and clyde, the graduate, guess who's coming to dinner, in the heat of the night and .......dr. dolittle?....here is a short list of 1967 films that were passed over for the top prize: cool hand luke, camelot, the dirty dozen, the taming of the shrew, two for the road and barefoot in the park. two hours of push-me-pull-you's, bloated production values and rex harrison's interminable sing-talking (we had enough of this in my fair lady) has no business being mentioned with in the same breath as bonnie and clyde, the graduate, guess who's coming to dinner and in the heat of the night. thankfully, in the heat of the night won for best picture, avoiding the later travestys of films like out of africa, dances with wolves and the english patient winning the award. it's just too bad that the academy had to nominate uninspired dreck like dr. dolittle and put a stain on what was an otherwise outstanding year for both the industry and the mpaa. big and bloated does not equal the best
interesting idea, not the right group for it, tho..i'll probably get hounded with unhelpfull votes for this, but i gotta be honest, this dvd doesnt live up to what's been said about it so far. ..so they gave about 30 people in the crowed a camera to shoot the show, ok, interesting idea... if you're a die-hard beastie boys fan, which i'm not. the only 2 songs i did know from this band wernt even played on this show (no sleep till brooklyn  fight for your right to party)..if a band cant even preform there biggest hits on a dvd there claiming to be the biggest movie to ever be made thats going to be so unforgettable and legendary in 20 years time as a cult classic that will top the box office and leave e.t, star wars and titanic for dead, then you'd expect theyd include the songs that actualy made them... but nope, just a bunch of tracks i hadnt heard from a couple of guys in dorky green and yellow track pants singing about god knows what and repating it 100 times. ..ok, i admit, i dont like rap very much. but the whole thing of this being a superb dvd and something everyone must see is a joke. it's a combination of pro recording and amatuer, thats a mistake there, go one way or the other, dont claim people shot that amatuerish if you also have a pro crew working on it, too. ..it wasnt anything speicial for me, i fell asleep before it ended. hound me unhelpfull reviews if you want, but this video is strictly for beastie boys die-hard fans and people who can stand pop/rap of this kind only.
yeah, this movie isn't that great....i bought this here movie out of the "4 for $20" bin at blockbuster video. that's righteously where it belongs too. ..it's not too stimulating to the part of my brain that wants to laugh. it was too soft and cute and too scared to push any buttons. it must be pointed out though that the farrelly brothers were only producers of this film. not writers nor directors. but still, yes, they have lost their edge. ..it's all good. at least judd apotow is bringing the comedic goods nowadays
wack movie.sat through this mess of a film the other nightwhile it had a couple of ok moments it was truly a mess. the jokes weren't really therethe story just kinda was made up as it went along.  not much to this film at all.  this film felt like 4-5 movies put together for the sake of  formula basic humor. no depth whatsoever
all that's "ultimate" about this collection is the price tag.i'd wished for years that someone would release a compilation of rodney's best standup work, and when he died i assumed that we'd finally get the goods. when i heard that there was an "ultimate" collection i couldn't wait to bring it home. sadly, this is a very disappointing effort that is more quick-buck "product" than true collection..     dooming this release from the start is the predominance of rodney's aggressively unfunny variety-show crud (e.g. "it's not easy being me"). once you get a masterful standup like dangerfield into a situation where people (even talented people like harold ramis) are writing him into lame sketches, the thrill is gone in a hurry. if i'd wanted to see an older man mugging in a wig and tights as he pretends to be one of aretha franklin's backup singers, i would've looked for an old bob hope special, and if i'd wanted to see dated routines by a number of (mostly) talented young comics i'd buy their cds. i wanted 3 cds of the sweaty, i'll-tell-ya-last-week-was-rough rodney with the dark suit and red necktie, at the peak of his powers..     after watching more than my fill of the variety-show stuff---fast-forwarding through hopelessly unfunny people like robert urich (when you think "comedy", you think bob urich!) and valerie perrine (???)---i switched to the 3rd dvd, which has this box set's only rodney spot on carson (out of 69 or so appearances), and a late-period vegas show in which rodney looks bloated and dyspeptic..     the carson bit is good in that it captures the special zing that rodney had on his tv guest spots, but it's probably not among even the 10 best spots he did on that show. i would've paid $40 just for a compilation of all his carson appearances, but perhaps the carson estate and/or nbc would've wanted fort knox for the rights. it's still great fun, though, and when he finishes his sit-down bit, you can tell that he kinda runs outta schtick and he and carson exchange "it's great to have you here"/ "it's nice to be here" niceties until the energy palpably dissipates; after an awkward pause, rodney says something like, "and thanks for ending this on a high note, johnny!" and carson busts out laughing in his inimitable way..     the vegas show is kind of odd; rodney is older, fatter, and jaded, and he seems a little miffed that his material isn't going over as well as it usually does. one disadvantage is that it's badly mic'd and you can't really hear the audience that well, so more than half the time it sounds like no one's laughing. this is the routine in which he uses "blue" language, and one wonders if he was trying to keep pace with sam kinison and other younger, hard-core comics who were pushing the envelope at the time, and whom rodney welcomed into his nightclub..     bottom line: if you absolutely have to have a rodney fix, there's material in this collection that will have you laughing out loud. but if money is a consideration, you can buy an earlier cd or wait for a compilation worth this kind of money
disappointed at best....the only reason i didn't give this package a one star, is because there is a couple minutes of "funny" on each disc.  but it's just the same ol' same ol'.  with each passing year, his jokes get more off-color, and he jokes about his wife in a way that's offensive.  ..we've heard some of his stuff via the airplane comedy channels, as my husband and i travel quite a bit.  we thought it would be great, because we both love a good laugh.  we should've known better: they clean stuff up on the airplanes, for family listening/viewing.  we didn't even watch the whole thing, before we turned right around and relisted it here on amazon. ..a huge waste of money, in my opinion.  not recommended for clean or family viewing.
nothing new here..let me start by saying i love christmas!!! i'm one of the people who puts thousands of lights up. i love christmas music and of course christmas movies, the best being christmas vacation with elf coming in a close second. tim allen's santa clause movies are also pretty good as are the old classics. i was really hoping christmas with the kranks would be another great movie but it was pretty much a let down. it was kind of like a cheap rip off of christmas vacation in a couple of ways. there are definitely better movies to buy.
keeping up with the kranks.'christmas with the kranks' presents the holiday season with a common ambivalence.  depending on one's take of christmas, the season will be a festive celebration, a religious hallmark filled with meaning, or an ordeal filled with nauseating depression.  (for most of us, it is a combination of all three.)  trying to cope with the forced pleasantries and crass materialism of a season saturated with meaning is a real struggle.  so it is with nora and luther krank (jamie lee curtis and tim allen).  as empty-nesters they face a particular vacuum when their daughter leaves for the peace corps and leave all reason for them to celebrate behind.  their solution?  skip the expense of the holiday trimmings and go for a cruise starting christmas day.  cynically and brazenly, their neighbors and co-workers won't stand for it.  like the holiday police, they encroach the krank's personal space as if they were criminals in the great holiday conspiracy.  motives seem mixed.  as they start, they save christmas spending for their cruise, but, later refuse even the free holiday trimmings of christmas carolers.  what gives?  luther says, "it's the principle of the thing...not even nick frohmeyer (m. emmitt walsh) can stop us."  so it's keeping up with the joneses, then--or in this case the krank's--and their reputation with the rest of the neighbors.   included are prankster kids who launch a "free frosty" campaign for the coveted krank roof decoration.  ..'christmas with the kranks' really has a frosty look at the holiday season--one that notably warms up as the movie goes on.  one wonders why the kranks couldn't take a few simple steps to make their christmas plans easier; one that would combine purposes and take needed short-cuts to their sanity.  but, that, of course, would delete a lot of the comedy.  and, there are some big laughs to be had from this comedy flick.  the previews give us the impression that '...the kranks' would deliver a sack full of holiday laughs.  it seems to at least have some heart--even if it does borrow (or steal) some important elements from great christmas classics, notably 'the grinch who stole christmas,' 'scrooge,' and 'a charlie brown christmas'.  for the latter, there's the scrawny tree bit.  anyway, for all its redeeming qualities, 'christmas with the kranks' presents an inconsistent and jaundiced holiday view that has the effect of tainted eggnog:  it is sweet but leaves a bitter aftertaste
bah humbuggery.in the season of greed, forced affability and smarmy sentimentality, skip patronizing,  obscene junk like christmas with the kranks and experience a bold, gorgeous, dvd concert that does not flinch from authentic spirituality like messiah (koch).  for those humbuggers who despise any element of what christmas is all about, there's always a public domain version of the subversive and surreal santa claus conquers the martians.  i found mine at k-mart for two bucks.)
cruel example of cultural imperialism at its worst: what about the kids.i too was mesmerized by this documentary, as an educator and student of child psychology, etc. then i heard the running commentary, especially the remarks of the cameraman, and realized what a vile example of grotesque cultural imperialism this is: using despised children for selfish purposes=prostitution...the cameraman calls one of the children a whiny b#tch (his words) and has a rather obviously ambiguous relation with another of the girls. the inclusion of these comments and some of the stills casts a telling pall over the entire enterprise. often under the guise of doing good we exact greatest harm, as mr. oscar wilde noted...this despicable film takes kids, uses them and disposes of them with the sneering arrogant attitude so overtly and unselfconciously expressed in the commentary by the cameraman, divides families and friendships, exposes children to realizing painfully and traumatically their condition, like liza dolittle, without hope of going either back or forward. the pain on their faces as they observe the film is especially telling
just another teen drama, but with poorly used superman traits.i will admit, i was excited when i first learned this series was coming out. then i saw how the characters of superman and clark kent have been butchered within this show. smallville is in fact just another teen drama taken off the shelves but given exceptionally bad superman aspects. the show is about a teenager struggling to find his place in the world and working way too hard to fit in with his peers. except this teenager happens to be clark kent, the future man of steel, living in the small farm town of smallville. the show started well, with the arrival of ka-el and being taken in by the kent family. then it jumps forward in time to a high school freshman clark kent all mopey about how he doesn't fit in with the popular crowd, and how he just can't get his dream girl lana lang. so the pathetic clark goes off to a bridge where he ponders about life and mamages to get hit by the crazed driver lex luthor. this is where the series finally unfolds. clark being the super human that he is, is unhurt as lex's car takes them both off the bridge to the water below, and clark performs a daring rescue of lex who is uncouncious from the car crash. later, lex feels indebted to clark and also very curious to how clark was able to save him. so lex forms a friendship with clark but also launches an invesitgation on him. from then on the series consists of lex's research and delicate friendship with clark, people with their own agendas to disrupt life in smallville (some have been infected with traces of kryptonite rocks), and everyone dealing with personal struggles within their lives. these personal conflicts are what takes up most of the show, clark performs some heroic action towards the beginning and end of each episode but most of the episodes jus deal with characters' sucky lives. i may have been into this if the characters had been more superman oriented. clark should have been this major nerd with glasses, incredibly shy, but very interested in the ways of the world and politics. this interest would have led clark to his future career as a reporter. being a nerd is clark's way of hiding the fact that he is superman and has powers that hardly anyone else around him does. that's part of the fun of superman; seeing clark act like this major geek in order to throw people off in discovering his true identity of being superman. throughout the season, he should have gained his powers, learned how to use them, and then clark should have gotten a call from his father jar-el. this call would have led clark to realize what good he could do as the individual that he is, and thus he would have become superboy. except, this never happens. clark is just another teenager struggling to be popular and not a nerd at all who is interested in the world and politics. clark in this show is way too cool and i'm sure that appeals to the female fans out there. but if he is ever turned into superman, the story won't be as believable as before in having people not making the connection of clark being superman. so for most of this year clark is running around, trying to hide his true personality from others so that he can fit in, but still helps people without their knowledge because they happen to be distracted by something else at the time. smallville is a great dissapointment in its regards to superman or superboy for that matter, because it takes forever for those aspects to arise. most of the show is just a teen drama with superman and superboy characters in it. i am so glad that there is now another superman film out that shows how superman characters should truly be used
silly entertainment.here's another slapstick comedy that parodies the institutions of america circa 1991. how much has changed since then! the film begins with an imitation of george bush the first's white house, with america's own version of inspector clouseau: frank drebbin. the usual improbable events occur, which may appeal more to teenagers than those over forty, except those with simple-minded tastes. the many sight gags may be funny in themselves, but do not create a consistent plot. ..the example of a bomb explosion in washington is no longer a laughable matter, if it ever was. the deliberate bad taste of this film is another negative. some of the references may now be obscure. the plot is how oil, coal, and nuclear power are in cahoots to stop fuel efficient cars, homes, etc. from being used in america. we can understand that! [wasn't gasoline around $1 a gallon then?] these plotters want to stifle solar power (no mention of the costs and engineering involved). is that far out? a long shot allows a younger and stronger frank drebbin double to perform an acrobatic dance...while the film drags on to its conclusion, i wondered why they never parodied bill clinton? "primary colors" wasn't a hit film because audiences stayed away. in spite of the slapstick ending, the underlying problem of oil consumption is even worse than in 1991, with more gas guzzlers on the road, more competition for oil consumption, and an america whose manufacturing has been sabotaged by nafta and the other new world order policies. this film has had no effect. laughing at a problem seems to make it acceptable...given the presence of a former football star, i wonder if this film can ever be shown on network broadcast tv? that's another change since 1991. i wonder if some of the actors ever worked as doubles for president bush and his wife? if not, it shows how easy it is to create a double (when seen from afar).
no subtitles or close captioning.despite the fact that this is an awesome and humorous movie (the best monty python ever made). this gets a 1 from me for having no subtitles or close captioning since i am hard of hearing. are there any versions with subtitles?
self indulgent tosh.i have just returned from seeing celtic tiger in birmingham uk and i have to say that it is the most self indulgent tosh that i have ever had the misfortune to sit through.....and i paid ?40 for the privilege. the choreography is dated and poor in many instances. in one case the dance reminded me of nothing more than pan's people and in another, a garden scene with insects etc. it looked like a joyce grenfell nursery school where the children had been told to "pretend that you are an insect". added to the poor choregraphy is a political statement that has no place in what is supposed to be an evening of light entertainment and an overall concept that is bewildering in its lack of cohesion. rubbish
first season stinks,.i really like mad tv but i can honestly say that season one is when it's at it's worst. i don't recomend buying this set. the show in my opinion starts to get really great when will sasso joins the cast along with alex borstein, mo colllins, aries spears, pat kilbane, and michael mcdonald. now thats when the show was at the top. so i recommend buying the later seasons instead of the early ones. but then agian the show is on comedy central at least twice a day showing reruns, so i don't see why anyone would buy the seasons when there always on tv
hollow-weened frankenstein impressive for it's time.i'd like to admit here from the start that although i grew up loving the horror genre, that since last midcentury up through the 70s, it went from good b-film status to low-grade garbage, only getting all the worse since that time. i admit that there are those seldom-made fairly impressive works since that time, but very few-and really none adapted from the mary shelley book. technically, then, this would be one of the few decent frankenstein films i've seen in recent years. also, having viewed it on tv in the 70s(i was just a child at the time) and now seeing it here on dvd, i was surprised how well a tv film from that period holds up. jack smight may not be david lean-or james whale, for that matter-but if one goes back to view tv entries for this time period, this is not at all a bad-looking production, whatsoever. .as far as universal's restoration, well, i'll give them an inch more than other reviews here. first of all, these tv prints were not as protected as the more important cinematic films of the day. i, actually, don't find the print all too bad, considering this fact. i admit, though, that it's not perfect and, as many have noted here, the sound is far too low. anyhow, if universal didn't want the complaints, they'd start restoring their archives better in the first place(which they've only just barely begun-far too late, if you ask me)..  as others have remarked here, james mason is quite good, agnes moorhead is fun, and both creatures, portrayed by michael sarrazin and jane seymour, are worth mentioning. however, as also was mentioned here, leonard whiting, as dr.frankenstein, is not all too interesting, which is definitely a debit early on. i do disagree, though, with one person's critique of the film's first hour. i feel that once we get past the dually boring family of elizabeth, frankenstein's fiance, and meet the all-too-mad henry clerval(david mccallum) within the first half hour, the movie begins to move a bit. in fact, the final hour of the first half is pretty much the best of this whole series, ending with a great 'cliffhanger'(for those of you who have-or will-see the film, pardon my pun). .  sarrazin, moorhead, and mason have a lot to do with part one's benefits. sadly, after the opening of the second half, things slow down quite a bit again(this was originally shown, with commercials, in two 105 minute segments-in those days, there was approximately four or five minutes of ads every half hour, and tv movies would end on the quarter hour, with some 15 minute 'filler' stuck between it and the next broadcast, such as an old 'behind the scenes' of some late 60s, early 70s film). the classic british actor sir ralph richardson enters here and, along with sarrazin, carries the next twenty minutes or so, but then things become more and more ambiguous and less and less interesting. it's true that mason and seymour add some spice, but the script takes a sharp turn for the worse.   .  perhaps isherwood's script is homoerotic, but, if so, that doesn't do anything positive for this film. after all, if frankenstein's fiance elizabeth is written as an obnoxious battleaxe(as she is here), then from the very first, he becomes an obtuse, illogical character. of course, he'd end up hanging with the creature, then, who happens to be good looking, thus assisting frankie in bagging some babes(okay, maybe this isn't actually in the script, but it can be just as inferred as anything else). if that's homoerotic, i've definitely gone gay, then. the real problem, though, is how the later creation occurs, the science of which is never explained-outside of not using electricity, as with the previous one. the female creature is just seen in a mass of colors, with wind blowing through her hair, more like a james bond title sequence than a whale lab scene(this is all the more ironic given that seymour had appeared in roger moore's first bond only a year or so before this). .  also, why are 'certain' stitches slower to heal than others. i mean, both creations were supposedly stitched together. after all, we see frankenstein about to dissect his first creation to add a 'better' brain. yet, no stitches here, where the second creation has one very prominent 'secret stitch'-???? wat up wit dis? anyhow, although half the cast tries, the story really ends up going nowhere fast and then receives a quick, tacked on finale at sea, with admittedly dated, inexpensive tv effects to boot(which may have been excusable if not for this laborious part two). overall, 'frankenstein-the true story' is definitely not frightening whatsoever(especially as it had seemed for an eight year old so many years ago-okay, it was a more innocent time). the telefilm is for certain increasingly illogical, though, leaving it for diehard 'frankenstein' buffs only. for others, stick with the james whale films, the first three sound versions of the neverending tale, encompassing the 1930s: 'frankenstein', 'bride of frankenstein'(the best adaptation ever of shelley's novel), and 'son of frankenstein'. these are the classic universal boris karloff pictures, with the famous jack pierce makeup. for those who like mel brooks' 'young frankenstein', you'll only get more out of it after seeing these three films
a movies that is better as a distant memory.frankstein, the true story, is one of those movies that is better as a distant memory.  i remember watching the original mini-series in the early 1970's and being captivated by the "twists" in the story. but the mini-series does "not stand the test of time".  the biggest weakness is the pacing.  the pace is glacial (perhaps inspired by the closing scene).  this is especially a problem in the first hour.  dr. frankenstein is played by leonard whiting who is best know for his role as romeo in zefferelli's rj.  leonard looks very pretty with his ginger hair but is rather bland.  things pick-up a little with the appearance of the "beautiful" monster played by michael sarrazan.  but there is a flaw in the doctor's process and sarrazan begins.... i won't divulge the whole story but sarrazin becomes less beautiful as the story progresses.  sarrazin is slender and is never menancing as the monster.  although not explicit, the "beautiful" monster concept also introduces a gay subtext to dr. frankenstein's relationship to the monster.  the screenplay was written by christopher isherwood and don bacardy so this gay subtext may have been unavoidable.  the story picks up quite a bit in the second half with the introduction of a very young and truly beautiful jane seymore in her due rolls of agatha and prima.  her performance is what makes this tv movie worth seeing.  agnes moorehead is good in a small role in the first half, and james mason is quite good a doctor polidori in the second half.
delivery cost : too expensive !.when i bought this dvd, i saw very expensive expedition cost. i thought it was coming from far. but when i found the item in my letter box, i discovered it was coming from germany, and i live in france !!! it's too expensive for such a short distance
embarrassingly awful brain-dead installment of otherwise great show.do not judge the masters of horror series by this lame and pointless episode--and if you are a fan, please skip it!  the story yielded neither surprise nor insight, the dialogue and acting were clunky and the attempts at humor were astoundingly atrocious.  check out lucky mckee's sick girl.  now that's a masterful blend of absurd horror and humor
yet another masters of horror disappointment..i figured it took a lot of credentials to become a "master" of horror, but i guess not.  apparently directing two horror/comedies last century is enough.  that said, john landis director of an american werewolf in london but more commonly known as the director of animal house, the blues brothers 2000 and the stupids is here to ease us to sleep with his cheap looking comedy/horror "deer woman".  a slow moving story about a half deer-half human female who picks up guys then smashes them to death with her feet.  ..that's an interesting story, i guess, but there so much silliness going on that there's no room for anything scary.  i've seen many 10-minute "tree house of horror" bits that blew this steamer right out of the water.  skip it
"i will not have them anywhere near me again." eric hedford, dandy warhols drummer.enjoy the first three minutes of dig; the fresh and invigorating treatment the credits get are the best part of the movie. during this film's next 30 minutes, you'll think that anton newcombe, (the brains behind the brian jonestown massacre) is playing to the camera with a staged caricature of an egomaniacal wanker. let me save you a little time; it's not an act. he is, in fact, a disturbed and abusive individual...but at least anton's worst traits are readily visible. courtney taylor (leader of the dandy warhols) takes a bit more screen time to reveal that he is a less than admirable prima donna. add to the mix genuinely embarrassing speeches about the nature of "rock" by assorted pretentious bystanders (let's hear it for genesis p-orridge!), and you have dig. the next rock documentary i see needs to be about a real band (like motrhead!) to get this dandy massacre taste out of my mouth...sidelight: joel gion, jester and lead tambourine player for brian jonestown massacre (and owner of the most unorthodox hairstyle of recent memory) distinguishes himself as a rubbery-faced and amusing presence. (that said, i don't have any understanding of what he actually did in the band; is that the point? he did nothing?
overhyped..when i first saw this video, i thought the brian jonestown massacre were a good band, and in all honesty, they are... for a cover band. after watching the video several times and listening to their albums, they're nothing more than a primal scream / spacemen 3 / spectrum / stone roses / johnny cash / ride / etc etc tribute/cover band... i find it hard to see anything original about the band, and that goes for the dandy warhols too who are somewhat self-absorbed and unimaginative. this movie showcases their clashing egos and includes a bunch of pr record company reps talking both the bands up and discussing their problems. the movie was doctored to work against anton newcomb and the narration is done by friend turned rival courtney (of the dandy warhols). this works for and against anton... it will make fanboys of the bjm, or it will work like ondi wanted it to and make you hate them. it's not much of a rock documentary, it just showcases a bunch of would-be's.. and i say that with all due respect
nothing earth shattering..i quite enjoyed watching this movie but really learned nothing new from it. that this movie follows the lives of two bands of minimal talent who display hardly anything resembling originality (both in their music and their behaviour) means that anyone looking for any artistry here will be disappointed...the story of these two bands sounds promising but the outcome is so inevitable that there is no tension or surprises - one band milks it's 15 minutes of fame for all it's worth and the other self destructs...there is no genuine humour or wit here - just drug inflated delusional egos congratulating each other, declaring each other geniuses when the world at large really doesn't care...ok so this documentary captures it all and captures it well but to me it just felt like i'd seen it all before and with much more interesting characters.
poor tidal wave- fake.i really felt that this move deserves less than a star.  its plot was not done well and the use of a nuclear missle to cause a tidal wave does not hold much water - sorry for the pun.  i would not waist my money and buy this.  the entire plot and suspense was not good.  i watched it and felt i waisted my time.  i did not really go for it
boring, trite, just plain silly.*.about the only thing interesting or worthwhile about this movie is the special effects of the tsunami...but even those aren't so great.  this movie is universally bad.  so bad it's almost funny, though, which is why i gave it a star...the script is absolutely terrible and not believable at all.  i wasn't expecting much, but thought it would be interesting to see a movie about a tsunami; unfortunately,  i was wrong. don't waste your time or money.  don't even rent it...really.
dear screenwriters: please don't write scripts. ever..action packed from the get-go, some might say. on the edge of your seat always, others add. lemme tell you something: action consists of a few gunfights and i was on the edge of my seat when i leaned over a little too much, but it was rectified when i scooted back...tidal waves strike away. clearly, these are the works of a madman. granted, i think my first bet would be to blame the moon, but who are we to argue? hilarity ensues, featuring normal waves shot from below to make themselves look bigger and actors being sprayed by high powered hoses...my favorite part of the movie was when the characters claimed a mad general wanted to destroy mount fuji by creating a tidal wave. mount fuji, a massive mountain that has survived earthquakes, tsunamis, and hundreds of years of weather being destroyed by a tidal wave? even better was when a tidal wave was coming to shore and our heroes drive a boat through it before the wave topples a cruise liner. that's right folks. a small boat can speed through the same wave that can turn a massive cruise liner on its side...who said hollywood is a competitive market, again?..don't watch. its 2 am, why am i wasting my time with this review? oh by the way: screenwriters, listen up. huge waves caused by disruptions in the sea floor are called tsunamis, not tidal waves. tidal waves are affected by the tide, hence the name. willickers
tidal wake?.when i first watched "tidal wave: no escape" i swore that my first viewing would be my last.  the only good thing about this "movie" was that it finally ended.
tidal wave we must escape this bad movie.just a few stupid things i noticed that hollywood would call artistic license, i call it "writers smoking crack". the long beach harbor where the queen mary is docked is surrounded on either 2 or 3 sides by a penninsula. the ship is also stuck about 10 feet in the mud. no way a wave could have crossed all that and still knocked that ship over. also when he steals the small motor boat, a) when they are heading away from shore, it shows open sea. wrong! there is land there. b) if that boat had tried to climb a real tidal wave, it would not have had the mass or the power. it would have been slapped back like a bug, not to mention not being able to go through it and jump out the other side. and finally, if they created a second wave to collide with the first, they would not have canceled each other out, they would have passed through each other and kept going. also if you were watching the two waves from shore from the angle they saw them, they were heading north and south. what would have happened in san diego? a magic turn east? lol. it never ceases to amaze me how stupid hollywood thinks we are by passing this crap off on us. these actors must really be desperate for a paycheck to embarrass themselves like that
not representative of dishwalla quality.i read the comments about the editing before i bought but it still didn't prepare me for how bad the editing on it was.  i swear it was edited by a junior high media class on the last day before summer break.  i'd be really interested in how/why the band or their management let this one get put on the streets.  camera angles were also limited...i love dishwalla and i did enjoy watching this dvd and some of the special features, but for the price one should expect much much more.  this dvd could have been so much better
not what i thought.nice audio, nice extras, poor song list (2 less that the cd) and poor video, with a film director very very inexperienced..nice, but not what i expected
great music- bad dvd.dishwalla plays an outstanding sound on this dvd. the extras are great..however the live concert left me disappointed. the most incredible thing happens. the sound of the concert and the video are totally off synch in songs like  counting blue cars. especially on the guitar solo. you can see his fingers playing something totally different to what you are listening. and sometimes the drummer hits the snare and you just know what you are viewing isn`t what you are listening..total scam. .worst dvd i ow
great cast, terrible movie.what the hell are fabulous actors christian slater, julianne moore, steve bucemi, debbie harry and matthew lawrence doing in this piece of trash? even are you afraid of the dark? is creepier and more captivating than this stinker. this is a collection of lacluster stories that are a waste of time
clever, stylish, empty....i saw the korean dvd version of this film. those who enjoy quentin tarantino's more commercially successful films (the deeply cynical and nihilist "reservoir dogs", "pulp fiction", "kill bill") as opposed to his more subtle and interesting films (well, i have to say "film" rather than "films" -- qt made one decent film, "jackie brown" and when it failed at the box office he returned to his old style) will perhaps enjoy this. but even tarantino fans may balk (or just feel bored) at the way in the last 1/2 hour the film diverges sharply from its main character and turns into simply a revenge horror film...this director is stylish, handles actors well (good performances all around), has excellent taste in music, and has nothing whatsoever to say about his characters. i found it enjoyable for the first hour or so until the tarantino-style torture and degradation set in. if presenting such horrifying scenes so matter-of-factly is the director's way of saying he's cooler than me, well, then, i concede he's much cooler than me. those like me who are disturbed or take seriously scenes of torture and violence ought to be forewarned that the movie includes excerpts from what are supposed to be snuff films involving children of ages 8 or 9 or so. it's actually quite telling that the director presents these scenes where he does -- in the last third of the movie, when our intense interest in the main character should be reaching a peak. instead, at that point the director seems to have lost interest in her and is apparently casting about for ways to keep the audience hyped-up. he's lost interest in his heroine and all he's got left is outraging us by showing torture of children. i'm not outraged; i'm just annoyed this director is becoming a sensation. i'd rather see the money which is going to his filmmaking efforts going to better, more interesting filmmakers who aren't simply rehashing the style and (lack of) substance of quentin tarantino
poor quality ruins the experience.i am referring to the laser light dvd edition of this film, which promises the best digital transfer of the film.  that is great, but they used the worst print anyone could concieve to transfer!  i taped this off of television awhile back and decided to buy a dvd version and this is 100 times worse than the version i taped myself on the slowest speed off of late night tv!  in reading other reviews it appears that there is a much better vhs version and i would recommend that over this.  do not be fooled like i was with the fine condition of welles' quot;the trialquot; by laser light or the pipe smoking picture packaging of this.  this version of arkardin is a total waste of money
when things get hot, people get burned ... bet on it!.based on the novel the big arm by clark howard with a screenplay by robert roy pool, this drama directed by ben bolt feels like an adaptation of a large canvas novel with all the detail left in, so that everything reads as subsidiary. set in the chicago of the 1950's, matt dillon stars as a dice player from indiana seeking the big time. however, when you're juggling at least 4 plots it's only natural that not all of them will come together for a satisfying conclusion. the most promising one concerns dillon's hustler-like competition with tommy lee jones as the owner of a strip club, with jones having the same spot between the eyebrows as dillon. the problem with filming dice is that the actual game is monotonous, so the best bolt could do is create tension by delaying the next roll or the raising of financial stakes, though he does provide an early montage of dillon with david marshall grant on a winning spree and falling dice and money to the sounds of shake, rattle and roll on the soundtrack. the only other visual trick is the sparks of an overhead train on it's tracks as dillon and diane lane as jones' stripper wife kiss to fever. the best of the screenplay is a laugh line of sarcasm and forboding given to meg hogarth as dillon's mother re his dice mentor's funeral quot;i nearly got crushed in the crowdquot;, and cherry jones as a patsy cline-like singer who sneaks up behind dillon, covering his eyes with a guess who? dillon says her perfume gives her away and she replies quot; aint nobody gonna give me away but my daddyquot;. this use of eyes and the eyes of the dice are also parallel with bruce dern as the husband of lee grant, dillon's employer. dern is a former dice champ who has been blinded, but unfortunately this plot point gets no payoff. dillon is also given two romantic partners in lane and suzy amis as a mother of a child out of wedlock. the madonna/whore dichotomy is rather obvious, and the symbolism worse, with amis' child scoring points for her and the way lane is presented so unflatteringly scores points against her. lane's fan dance doesn't help, since the focus on the scen is more dillon's twisted attraction/repulsion. the 1950's period works for dillon's razor etched beauty, the perfect locale for his photographer bruce weber appeal, and he even gives a method touch to the way he hits his own face with a restaurant menu. watch for lolita davidovich as another of jones' strip club entertainers
water-logged.whew!  after reading other reviewer's remarks, i'm glad to see i was not the only one who thought this movie was crap.  the cinematography is great, and the look (art direction) is authentic.  i too had trouble following the double-storyline.  just when i started to get interested in the modern-day story, the action cut back to the past.  i don't know if it was poor choices during the editing processes or what.  i have seen many other movies that use flashback and dual-timeline stories.  none of those were this boring.  by the time you get to discover the real truth behind the century-old murders, you really don't care anymore.  and i don't see how the climactic storm at sea resolves the modern-day storyline...in terms of casting, i have to agree with the other reviewers: why cast two british actress as the modern-day leads.  to me, the character of jean should've been played with either an american actress (or at least a british or australian actress with an american accent)instead of catherine mccormick.  i also couldn't begin to identify with the character.  she seems so obsessed over this murder but completely inarticulate when discussing it (unless that's the point).  sean penn sits around and broods as her husband, a has-been poet.  josh lucas and elizabeth hurley (as sean penn's brother and the brother's girlfriend) really don't have much to do except add some eye candy (josh for the ladies, and elizabeth for the guys, and believe me, i kept wanting to see more of her in the bathing suit -- with and without the top).  some say josh lucas's acting is a bit wooden and stiff in this role; i say he has nothing to work with: the character is just there to steer the boat and give hurley backrubs.  he has no real personality quirks and lucas works best when he plays someone who's a bit flawed (he is a rare case of a character actor who has leading-man good looks but bland roles don't suit him).  sean penn, on the other hand, looks like he's sleepwalking through half the movie.  his alcoholic poet seems more like he's stoned on prozac; there's no passion, even when he quotes dylan thomas.  i think this was a miscasting; he's not sympathetic either.  (spoiler alert: his character's fate during the storm is almost deserved; one cannot feel sympathy for him.)  ..the story set in the last century is much more interesting but because of the cut-up flashbacks, one doesn't hold interest.  sarah polley is a good actress, but her moping around -- "oh, i'm stuck in a loveless marriage, and i really want to sleep with my brother again," attitude gets old.  yes, dear viewers, i gave away another spoiler: incest. the other actors that play in the murder mystery story (aside from polley and the great ciaran hinds as the wrongly accused murderer) are all scandinavian and i've never heard of any of them before.  they do a good job with the material they're given, but it's hard to connect with them as well. ..perhaps this is one of those movies that you grow to like after repeated viewings.  once was enough for me.  perhaps you also need to read the original anita shreve novel before you watch it.  if so, i understand the movie is quite the literal adaptation.  this may be its biggest flaw: novels can be cinematic in their themes, imagery and their dialogue; they become water-logged when one tries to adapt the same style in telling two contrasting stories.  it also helps that when reading a novel with two story lines, it's much easier to go back and re-read parts of it, when the action gets confusing.
bogged down.liz hurley has her top off 4 or 5 times; there is incest, lesbian love between sisters-in-law, the main character's husband is having an affair with his brother's girlfriend who really isn't his brother's girlfriend, she really is his girlfriend that was coming along on the boat trip pretending to be his brother's girlfriend so she could meet his wife who happens to be having some psychic connection with a "solved incorrectly" murder from 125 years ago on an island with some norwegian people. and honest to god the movie is boring. sean penn broods, leers, pains, and smokes cigarettes, his wife is played by catherine mccormack who is like a young charolette rampling, very watchable but condemned to a weak role;  liz hurley acts very vampy and takes her top off (unforgettable): all this and the movie drags, and drags. liz stops taking her top off at the 1/3 mark which then forces you to realize how bad the movie is.  the parallel stories just don't come off. actually it is a one star movie, liz taking her top off boots it one extra star
disappointed.i really thought this guy would put out a better yoga dvd than this. i did the rountine once and it left me not feeling much about his ability to teach. would not buy anything else he puts out
is "awakening level" worth getting up for?.as a black-belt karate practitioner, i enjoyed the fusion of hard-style martial arts and yoga in cameron shayne's excellent "budokon for beginners" workout.  so when i saw "awakening level," i hoped for another quality routine along the same lines, but with the flow of a soft martial arts style.  unfortunately, despite some highlights, i was disappointed...the "yoga journal" dvd cover blurb trumpeting the workout's martial arts aspect is possibly accurate on some esoteric level.  but in a practical sense, "awakening level" doesn't contain much of what i'd consider to be martial arts techniques (hand strikes, standard kicks, blocks, etc.).  instead, it's mainly a flowing form of yoga with some gung-fuish hand positions and a stance or two.  indeed, the gung fu demonstration is about as much martial arts as you'll see on the dvd.  that left a sour taste in my mouth...i did the two thirty-minute workouts, and overall they are decent yoga routines (i merely watched the hour-long one - it contains parts from the other two, as well as unique segments like "wrist therapy" and "shoulder session," plus one instance of generic kicking while kneeling).  on the plus side, mr. wong calls with a soothing voice, a number of familiar poses like warrior have some intriguing modifications, and i discovered some new hip openers that i liked.  ..but the flaws of the routine detract from its benefits.  for example, the black and white photography was interesting, but the funky lighting and side camera angle made it tough to see hand and foot placement.  in addition, mr. wong moves so fast through some of the poses that i found it difficult to keep up, especially with the added minutia of his "yogic arts" style.  sometimes he would already be in a pose, or moving into it, by the time he called out what it was.  finally, the workouts are broken down into segments.  when a segment completes, the screen goes black, and then the title of the next segment appears.  this detracted from the flowing theme i was looking for...the back of the dvd claims that this workout is for beginner to intermediate level practitioners.  however, a beginner would become quickly discouraged (and possibly injured) trying to deal with mr. wong's fast pace and more advanced poses.  i'm in pretty good shape, and i've done a number of yoga workouts at home and in the classroom.  but neck-bending poses like the reverse tripod still make me nervous, especially after i tweaked my upper back trying it once during a baron baptiste dvd workout.  mr. wong has no assistants to demonstrate modifications, so having the experience to improvise your own (unless he suggests one, which isn't often) is probably beyond most beginners...i may revisit "awakening level" to break up my exercise routine, but it'll never be on my go-to dvd workout stack.  the gold standard of martial arts and yoga fusion is still "budokon for beginners."  mr. wong is a graceful and talented yogi, and i'm hoping his next release will incorporate more martial arts and have less of the issues listed above.  namaste
awakening rip-off.what a waste of money and time on this yogic arts dvd...i usually don't like to criticise any product, but i was so hyped about duncan wong's yogic arts, that after receiving it i was so..so..disappointed beyond belief. as i was watching this dvd, i couldn't believe my eyes....what exactly is this?..it's not yoga! it's not martial arts! what the hell is it?..i checked out duncan wong's website before purchasing this dvd, and i can tell you that the website and demo's are the opposite of what is on this dvd. ..the workout has no defined system to follow....it seems like he is in a trance trying to figure out what to do next......what a rip-off...don't buy this dvd
why no closed captions for survivor dvd?.i bought this dvd assuming it got closed captions since i am hearing impaired and i discovered it do not have closed captions to my dismay. of course i am a great fan of survivor series and i am pretty disappointed. even ironically, amazing race dvds got closed captions although it is in same company as it from cbs?!..hope cbs can provide closed captions for survivor series
not that good.david kirsch needs to stop touting his own horn- his little  "distinctively david" tips are annoying (because he is not the first person to come up with the workouts he teaches) and we know he works with stars like heidi klum- give it a rest already...instead,  for a really good weights (all round and in segments of arms, legs, butt, abs, plus extras) dvd buy kathy smith's lift weights to lose weight 2
did mickey rourke write the rest of the reviews here?.what's the difference between this movie and a schwarzenneger movie? answer: a schwarzenneger movie has better dialogues, a better plot, and better acting. .how could the guy who made deer hunter come up with this dud? more intriguing still, how can anybody say anything nice about this colossal disappointment
highly unappealing.i feel compelled to write this review in light of the glowing commentary provided by some other customers. i found this movie unpleasant to say the least. though it had some interesting ideas, there was not a single appealing character in the film. while some might call this "realism," to me this was just poor scripting. i've seen films that made unpleasant people who are still appealing characters (such as the usual suspects or resevoir dogs) but this movie couldn't even make a "tough policeman" type appealing. i cannot deny that the up-in-arms attitude of many asian american groups towards this film are uncalled for, but at the same time i found it self indulgent, dull, and, as my title says, highly unappealing. though i'm apparently in the minority in this view (judging by the other customer reviews) i feel obliged to make it known, and to mention that everyone who i watched this with agreed with me. i guess i'm trying to say that this movie isn't for every one. :
becareful! may not be suitable for toddlers..i thought this movie would be a lot of fun for my 2 year old who loves elmo. i was having fun watching it in the beginning, and wish i could have seen the entire movie. however, about 15 minutes through elmo encounters a "scary" helicoptor, and a villian who takes away his blanket. my daughter burst into tears. i could only console her by skipping to the end to show that elmo got his blanket back. two weeks after viewing she is still talking about the scary helicoptor and mean man. she, of course, would not let me put the movie in again, no matter how i assured her it was just silly and not scary
back woods.the plot description gives you what this movie is about.  the only thing that i can say that is positive about this movie is the cover to the dvd...otherwise save your time and money.  low budget, extremely boring,  special effects for the gore left me laughing.  i thought this movie was put together by a group of kids who had nothing better to do in an afternoon, then try to attempt to make a horror flick.  if you think that this movie is up your alley find someone who owns it and like i said save your money.  if you want to laugh at a very poor attempt of a movie that i would rate lower than a "b-movie" this one fits the bill
someone involved with the movie.some people have far too much time on their hands. lots of bitterness here. we made this movie in 3 days for $900. it was a fun experiemnt for a bunch of friends to get together and have a good time. someone at dead alive productions saw it and made an offer. would you turn down money? no, that would be stupid. too bad these reviewers got none of the jokes. zilcho. if you wanted to watch something good, you should have watched something else. oh, thanks for the sale... i love royalty payments...for the forty year old virgin living in his mother's basement (see review below) that wants to smack me in the face: i relish the thought of you taking a day off of work from your 7-11 assistant manager job and doing the deed
it really never developed into anything great....well, the second season of this show had a lot of changes but it had the same medicore writing and the same not so great acting in them.  there were only a few shows where they actually tried to tell a story and tried to do better but this did not last and by the end of season two. the cliffhanger would result in the deaths of two characters and drove the other three on the run.  ad vision does a pretty low quality job with these shows. onl having them on three or four shows per dvd box, a few cast interviews but very little in the way of dvd bonus features.  they really are more like cheap infomericals.  i'm glad 20th century fox talked marvel into turning their backs on this show.  i do however feel sorry for lauren lee smith who played emma on the show.  it seemed that she was the only one who was doing her best to make her charecter seem more human and not like a cheap comic drawing.  with the show now history, i hope lauren finds better parts in movies next
cool film!!!.this film is a true classic. story is a bit slow, i kinda did't like it to much. the film was almost like his other 80's film but still i thought it was more like a "ladys soap opera". it some what has some awesome action in the movie. ..this is one of those films that if there is nothing else to watch on tv then you can pop this dvd in and kill some time with it
amazing movie, terrible "remastering".this is a review of the "ultimate collector's edition," not a review of the film itself. if you're considering the purchase of a two-disc special edition, you probably already know that the film is great; you just want to know if this slick package is worth the pricetag. ..in short, it's not. and let me be absolutely clear about one thing: i have known and loved this film for years. a few sequences look properly spectacular, but after watching this dvd on two separate (and high-quality) televisions, i'm amazed that all of the low-light scenes have been rendered almost completely dark. like, too dark to tell what's even *happening*. for instance, the scene where brad (harry carey, jr.) runs off to his death, the scene where marty's (jeffrey hunter's) "bride" is serving coffee along the river, and even the pre-dawn scenes leading up to the final storming of the comanche camp, are utterly lost in the dark. by contrast, the bare-bones 1997 dvd release features noticeably richer colors in the daytime scenes and total clarity in the low-light scenes i've just mentioned. don't waste your money on this special edition; you'll be much happier if you just shell out the $10.99 for the 1997 release.
pretty cheesy horror collection.john carpenter's body bags in a series of 3 stories all told by "the coroner" played by of course john carpenter (escape from l.a and new york). first segment is called "the gas station" which is the shortest,  where a young woman, played by alex dratcher (passenger 57, scorcher) who starts a new job at the gas station. she is actually going to school for pyschology. she soon becomes a little paranoid on the job and eventually when the night is over it becomes a little bloody. robert carradine (revenge of the nerds), david naughton (an american werewolf in paris), wes craven (scream trilogy), peter jason (they live, red heat) and sam raimi (evil dead movies) also star in that segment. the second segment is called "hair" which is the stupidest one out of the whole bunch which stars stacy keach (escape from la, up in smoke) who plays richard, a man who doesnt want to be bald. so he goes to doctor david warner (titanic, teenage mutant ninja turtles 2) who gives him the stuff to grow his hair back but after richard gets his hippie hair, things dont seem right. deborah harry (blondie) and sheena easton (real ghosts, tek war) also star in that segment. the third and final segment called "eye" which is the best one out of all three and the longest too about baseball player mark hammill (star wars, the guyver) who gets in a horrible car accent and eventually loses his eye. doctors implant him with a brand new eye but what hamill soon finds out is that the eye itself was the former owner of a sick and murdering individual. twiggy lawson (twiggy, woundings), roger corman (its roger frickin' corman people know what hes done) and charlie napier (austin powers) also star in that segment. "the mourge" segment also has tom arnold (roseanne) and tobe hooper (funhouse, texas chainsaw massacre) in it as well. some of the acting and script is very cheesy. carpenter as the corpse like "coroner" doesnt do anything original with it because it's bascially we've seen that in tales from the crypt and what not. so-so fun is had here
don't waste your time with the dvd version.some scenes have been cut. the laserdisc version is better
laughibly terrible.this movie makes perfect sense to me now.....it should be titled quot;director runs out of original ideas and writes a few stories that could have turned into full length movies if he had been able to carry the plot further, but ultimately fumbled and then gave all 3 short stories stupid, pointless endings, so he could still put them on a video and make a few bucks off of his work.quot
why? and how?.when i first saw this film i was very confused about what 'the fourth man', the film, was supposed to be doing. now after reasearching the film, mostly through reviews, i guess it was supposed to be a black comedy. i didn't get that at all...i love black comedies....favorite genre. this wasn't funny.... and by a near universal standard. wasn't all that 'black' either. the alleged 'blaspemous' element came off as very corny.....the subject matter may have been blaspemous 200 years ago. it's mostly geared towards christianity. it's a sort of 'blasphemy' that operates from the presupposition that the fundamental principles of christianity are serious....so maybe if you are really into jesus this might be funny. it's on say the same level as sinead o' conner tearing up a photo of the pope as a statement...very quot;controversialquot;!! so i guess if you are a big fan of black comedies stay away from this as the characters and story will just come off as very annoying. though if you have decidedly bourgeois sensibilities and take christianaity semi seriously this might be interesting. i would highly reccomend seeing any luis bunuel films first....he was the black comedy master. if you see a bunuel film (the phantom of liberty?) and then watch the fourth man you will know exactly why the fourth man is really bad. alot of it is on a visceral level so addmittedly it's hard for me to describe
one word - depressing!!!!!!!!.this movie i think was just plain depressing! just when you think something good and happy will happen, someone dies, people seperate, bones are broken, so on and so forth. this movie got alot of great reviews, and it was a fun movie, but for people who like complete happy endings, this film is not for you.
wait...save your cash!.i really, really wanted to get this dvd...been waiting for nfl films to put together footage of the 1950's amp; 60's. but i was less then satisfied, anything on this dvd can be seen on tv, espn and now on the nfl channel. it's over produced with lots of talking which is ok if back up with video that last more then 30 seconds....each volume lasts 41 minutes, so you get only about two hours, but with lots of repetition. bottom line- this is not for the serious fan...watch it on tv and not waste your money like i did
difficult to encapsulate.a movie with rape at its emotional center can be challenging, shocking, and very well done.  this is not that movie, unfortunately...in certain aspects, verhoeven's work definitely had what it took here - unfortunately, embarrassingly bad establishing scenes (bad both in their writing and execution) and off-the-mark production and direction erode any firm ground on which this might have stood...the costume design in particular _just_ misses the mark almost universally, and that is interesting, given the explicit weight placed on its symbolism right in the script.  costumes that aren't entirely accurate might have served a more surreal cinematographic treatment, but that was not done - so why hammer on symbolism when the demonstrated level of the visual aspects of this story are so determinedly direct?  hairstyles that are uncovered - if the designers simply couldn't bear proper period headdresses, helmets, hats, and kerchiefs - could at least have been removed from 1985 in dozens of viewer-believable ways...as with the costume and design - a heightened approach might have redeemed some of the, ah, heightened dialogue (some reviewers here have used "camp" as a fair descriptor).  however, again, in grounding the production as a whole on the concrete plane of direct "reality", its patent inaccuracies and anachronisms are all the plainer - and less defensible...far be it from me to say that a tale of rape and stockholm syndrome laced with violence and disease can be the stuff of fairy stories.  these are disturbing and viscerally affecting themes, and it does seem that verhoeven finds them consequential.  however, he doesn't seem to take them quite seriously on some level either.  as a whole, the film left a bad taste in my mouth - not because a young rape victim, unnervingly, takes what tenuous control she can out of a shocking situation ... but because the director in charge doesn't seem to have the control himself.  the result is a film which veers from points it may well have wanted to make, and treats itself very lightly.  the thought it didn't have any point is just too sad to consider...i'd love to have seen this written better, performed better (the cast are certainly capable of it), and less erratically designed (and, i can't help but guess, edited)...oh, and - last observation ...  bruno kirby??..simply baffling
oh, yuk..this is not a chick flick, even if you are in love with tom burlinson
indiscreet dvd.do not buy this.  i have bought 2 diffferent copies of this factory sealed and i can not play clear through either of them.  the movie is as wonderful as it has always been.  however, the physical dvd is hopeless.  i have tried to play them on my apple dvd drive and 2 seperrate dvd players and they all freeze up
this is kinda dumb.a convict [van damme] on his way to jail, escapes with the help of his best friend. soon, he meets a woman [rosanna arquette] and he trys to help save her land. this movie definitely doesn't have enough excitement and it seems to run out of steam pretty early. most of the action is boring to watch and the story is weak. diehard fans of van damme should like this a lot. others, beware
one of van damme's worst....i'm a huge fan of jean-claude van damme. heck, i own all his movies! sadly, that includes this one, which i saw a couple days ago and am still recovering from. it's not as bad as "cyborg." it's not even close to that level of badness, but it is definitely not worth paying for. the biggest reason this just isn't very good is that our hero is an escaped convict. now, we get the feeling he was doing more than your average prisoner to get sent to a maximum security prison, probably like the one in "death warrant," another jcvd movie that is worse than this. "nowhere to run" begins with his daring getaway which is actually kind of cool, but then gets a little creepy when our "hero" befriends a small boy. soon, he's hanging around his house and protecting the boy's family from rich evildoers who couldn't and don't stand a chance against van damme. the movie's lame, predictable, and at times tasteless. there are gratuitous nudity scenes abound, one including two children talking to van damme while he's bathing in a river. the action is spread far apart from itself as the screenwriters obviously became more concerned with the story, probably because they realized there was little action to fill the gaps where talking occurred. sure, van damme has done much, much worse. but that's not to say this movie is a keeper. at best, it feels like your average steven seagal flick, a shame since van damme is clearly a much better actor than the pony-tailed giant. this said, i'd still throw it at the bottom of the barrel with other chuck norris/steven seagal/early van damme flicks
desperation.controversy courted the release of this film and people went to see it for the actual depictions of sex between the actors, thinking somehow it would be pornographic or titillating. but this film showed two desperate, middle-aged strangers (with all their flaws abundantly clear) meeting once a week for no-strings-attached encounters. the fact that the audience sees graphic moments adds only to the "desperate", tawdry, pathetic feel of their relationship. naturally, one of the two of them becomes too curious and wants to know more about the other partner, one of the greatest pitfalls in the dangerous pursuit of anonymous encounters: sooner or later, anonymity is not good enough anymore.
briefless ! [encounters].just imagine what the trevor howard / celia johnson would  [could?] have been like if they had this freedom???..also imagine the make-up artist ['hair' dresser?];  and the, err ....  focus puller on this one's set ........no, no, no!  although rather brave - who the heck cares?  it's all very natural and somewhat vaguely contemporary, but really - why bother?   as our beloved peter finch [i think] said in "sunday, bloody sunday" - here come those boring old  t..s again!"..as for safe sex?   [the lady during a half-pant or two - breathlessly demands 'protection' from the, err..'intruder' .... unrealistic, regarding the intensity of their meeting{s}, and their obsession with each other's body parts]...simone signoret and laurence harvey were by far more interesting in their plastic raincoats on a windswept beach [ditto kerr and lancaster]...brando/schneider also bogard/rampling were far more tortured in their versions along the same theme...then ... we will always have "intermezzo"/"in the realm of the senses".
not only completely and horribly inaccurate, but just plain boring when there are no action scenes.this film is pure hollywood trash.....the plot is blatantly obviously not historical at all.  first of all, we have the wise old emperor marcus aurelius murdered by his corrupt son (keep in mind that corrupt emperors in rome were a dime a dozen), and we have the equivalent of a westernized drama about a tyrant doing away with "republican" institutions, and then being killed and everything's all back to normal, glory hallelujah, praise jesus!..in actual history, the time of post-commodus's rule was chaotic the way post-nero's rule was.  an emperor lasted 86 days, before another civil war broke out for the emperor-ship...the opening battle scene was an absolute mess.  if you know even the most basic about ancient roman fighting style, you'd know that if they even dared to step out of formation and wander around the battlefield on their own like scalded chickens, they'd be butchered.  what starts looking very neatly organized and superbly done degenerates into chaos as the legionaries suddenly abandon all sense of discipline and common sense and start hollywood-fighting (see the mummy returns, braveheart, etc) in which the men just randomly charge the enemy, get themselves stuck deep in enemy lines, and fight one-on-one combat with random soldiers..making this even worse, as soon as the battle was done, it seemed like everyone just collapsed in a big pile the way children who are chasing each other around collapse on top of each other in exhaustion...the dialogue was very simplistic, consisting of braveheart-esque talk of "freedom!" and scathingly sneering at the idea of slavery, with maximus talking of freeing all his slave buddies in the gladiator school (no roman in his right mind would ever consider ending slavery)..the battle scenes in the colisseum are at least very stylish and entertaining.  watching the fights keeps you on edge.  ..unfortunately, for a history buff like me, it is painful to watch.  aside from the use of wrong equipment, it should be know that 1) gladiators did not randomly fight any and all oncomers---they were paired up against gladiators of a different fighting style.2) the end of a fight saw the death of the loser---if this were true, the entire concept of gladiatorial bouts would go out of business quickly.  gladiators are expensive to train and care for.  they were fed the best food, given the best women, treated better even than most free common people.  having one of them die after every bout would be an insane waste of valuable money..3) thumbs down means death---no one really knows if this is true, but it's been said that "a turn of the thumb" means the gladiator is to be killed.  it makes more sense that a thumbs up means death (thumb up, then at the throat, to indicate slitting his throat), thumbs down meaning life (as in to put the sword in the ground, spare him)..aside from the blazing historical inaccuracies, the movie itself is quite dull and flaccid during the non-battle scenes, including the very awkward scenes between commodus and his sister and that random little kid.  the dialogue feels very painful to listen to, because of its dull delivery and stiltedness...keep in mind that the reason this thing is criticized is not due to nitpicking by historians for the historial accuracy and anachronisms and the such.  it is the fact that the entire story just screams freedooooom!  the way braveheart does---except braveheart has an excuse!..king wolf's review provides a very short, blunt description of the "westernization" of the plot...all in all, this was a very unoriginal, highly inaccurate, and overall boring film.  there may be some redeeming features for some viewers, but there are none for me (i am not easily impressed by fight scenes in the colosseum, if there is no story to back it up
gladiator.i have the dvd myself i bought from the store and does not come in the way this one did, it is very dark, can hardly make out what is going on, very hard to watch, not happy with it
more like watching staged plays than movies.jane austen's novels transformed into movies are entertainment i can watch again and again.  i was excited to find a collection of her work set to film and eager, very eager to watch them.  but i found something lacking in the character portrayals, something less than convincing in the costuming and sets.  perhaps i've been spoiled by the brilliant productions that have been made of mansfield park, emma, sense  sensibility and persuasion in recent years, not to mention the wonderful ae production with colin firth as mr. d'arcy.  ..i found this collection of jane austen work watchable, but not memorable.
inconsistently bad..there were good things about jarhead: the director of photography staged dramatic and sometimes beautiful shots.  there are even glimmers of good acting here and there.  unfortunately, there aren't enough such moments to heave this clunker of a movie into mediocrity.  ..basically, the producers and director were trying to make an "artsy" film about the first gulf war.  in this they failed.  it simply comes across as vain and unrealistic.  if director mendes even had a military advisor, it's clear he didn't bother listening to him.  for the most part soldiers get along pretty well with each other.  real soldiers, not the section 8's these marines are all made out to be, do not do things like sightsee in the middle of an incoming artillery barrage.  nor do they bunch up when on patrol.  we could go on a while about the film's military shortcomings, but life is short.  ..others here have commented about jarhead being a pale imitation of full metal jacket.  full metal jacket was well researched, written, acted and directed.  it had characters you empathized with, with memorable scenes and dialogue.  jarhead has discardable characters, the director had pretentions and didn't know his subject, and the script was dismal.  other than that i'd say it was ok.
a full-metal jacket wannabe.this movie is a pale imitation of stanley kubrick's full metal jacket, updated to the first gulf war.  it is worth seeing together with kubrick's great film just to contrast the imitative mediocre with the excellent
the most boring war/military movie i've ever seen.jarhead follows jake gyllenhall through marine bootcamp, through training as a sniper and being sent to kuwait in the first gulf war. we watch him get chewed out, worry about his girlfriend cheating on him, fight and party with his marine brothers, go crazy with boredom in the desert and finally get to go on a mission...if all that sounds boring, it is. nothing interesting happens in this movie. it's 70 minutes into it before the war even begins and then, still nothing happens. even when he finally gets a mission, it's dull. the scope of this movie tries to be a full metal jacket for the gulf war generation but fails in the sheer pointlessness of the story
much ado about soap.ok, first, let's get a grip on exactly what this show was:  a soap opera, a melodrama, a potboiler.  yes, all drama is conflict, even all comedy.  but compelling drama takes us on a ride; the writers, actors and director entertain us, and in some cases (but not this one) even force us to question our established beliefs.  this show took us on that ride, providing soapy entertainment for the first three seasons; but then the ride started going in tired circles, providing conflict without dramatic tension, only more yelling and crying and sex and actions seemingly driven by nothing more than the screenwriter's need to fill the pages.  while six feet under never activated the centers of higher reasoning in my own brain, it seems to have taken others on a flight of mystical self-discovery.  well, i guess that's preferable and less disturbing to friends and family than their actually joining a creepy cult.  case in point:  our nutsy friend above from newquay, jewel of the cornish riviera and surfing capital of england, who lashes out at anyone who won't join him in his puddle of tears over the passing of "his show," calling them stupid.  he says they don't get the point of the show, then fails to mention just what that point is.  when a show delves into the scary subject of mortality it has an almost unfair advantage upon our attention.  and some of us, in the glare of our television screens, forget that anyone addressing the subject is just speculating and knows nothing more about the subject than we do
tobe hooper's huge misfire after "chainsaw" and "salam's lot".when given good stories tobe hooper can be a good director.to bad this one isn't a very good story..    this mess came out at the heigth of the "slasher" movie frenzy. but not wanting to be just a slasher movie they try to give us a monster also. the theme of 4 kids who,now hold on here,think it would be fun to spend the night in the funhouse at a traveling carnival. before you can say "please kill me" the "thing" is picking them off one by one. with only 4 teens in the funhouse you would think maybe some fleshing out of the teens would happen, but no, they just go for the tease scares and even at 90 mins. this bore last to long
they tried.this movie well it was boosted up like it was something really great. it had its moments but man. it had its weak times too. the little monster in this movie was just screaming like a girl the whole movie and that was really annoying. you can check it out. i didn't like it too much though. oh well thats my opinion. maybe you can find some good in it.
no fun to be had at this "house".tobe hooperis a good director most of the time, and i like his movies but this one made during the early 80's slasher craze is just to thin and weakly done to scare or even make you chill. the story of two stupid coupoles who stay the night in a funhouse at a carnival,see a mutant kill someone and are hunted down by him in the fun house is just not good or done well enough to hold intrest even at 95 min. or less it feels padded and just runs way to long. gore hounds will not like the small amount of gore there is and with no story or people to care about you are left with just a silly movie that is hard to watch
the funhouse  (1981).director:  tobe hooper.cast:  elizabeth berridge, shawn carson, jeanne austin, jack mcdermott, cooper huckabee, largo woodruff, miles chapin, david carson..running time:  96 minutes.rated r for violence, gore, language, and nudity...two young couples, amy (elizabeth berridge) and her boyfriend buzz (cooper huckabee) plus liz (largo woodruff) and her boyfriend richie (miles chapin) decide to visit a carnival while it's in town. they visit the various lame attractions the carnival has to offer like a magician, a strip show, a fortune teller, and a freak show complete with two headed cows and deformed babies. completely out of nowhere total knuckle head richie suggests that they spend the entire night in the carnivals funhouse, and all hell breaks loose when amy's little brat of a brother joey (shawn carson) visits the carnival on his own to wreck their fun.  once in the funhouse they hide and get ready for a long night, but their plans are foiled when joey mistakenly disrespects a mutant manaic and he decides to go on a killing rampage.  from then on the friends must survive as they are hunted down one by one. ..the flick suffers a blow by giving us nobody to root for. the teenage "protagonists" are wholly unlikeable: they smoke pot like they're sipping soda out of a can, they steal money from strangers, they are stupid enough to want to spend the night in a carnival attraction, and they commit the unpardonable horror movie sin of fornication, all except for the female lead, of course, although she isn't even interesting enough to be engaging. the dialogue in the film is flat, and it has no success in establishing any characterizations on behalf of the would-be victims. "the funhouse" is also one of those movies where the villains seem to know exactly where their victims will be standing, like directly on top of a trap door that is conveniently deployed right on cue. the machinery of the funhouse also knows exactly how to deposit dead bodies so that they will stop exactly in front of our screaming victims.  suspension of disbelief aside, "the funhouse" stirs up some uncomfortable feelings when the filmmakers use their "monster" to get scares out of the audience, then tell us he's simply deformed. in reality, he is one of the only sympathetic characters in the movie, and the film's climax is the only portion that packs a wallop: the script pits the only two characters in the film worth caring about against one another...tobe hooper throws in some sly references to "texas chain saw massacre", even if it does involve the gratuitous and illogical use of swinging hooks (haw haw), but by the time the movie delivers any real shudders, it's too late. ironically, novelist dean koontz was hired to write a movie tie-in novel for "the funhouse", which was published under the psuedonym owen west. koontz fleshed out the story considerably, adding some great touches that the filmmakers would have been wise to exploit in their own movie. too bad, because koontz's treatment may have given hooper a bigger, sharper hook on which to hang this film.  the only real memorable portion of the film is hooper's homage to "psycho" and "halloween" in the creepy opening sequence
space madness.dark star is as if the ren and stimpy episode, "space madness" were made into a live action film and extended into feature film length. like george lucas' debut thx-1138, it is a film that would be forgotten if the director had not gone onto bigger and better things. it might pass if you have a fetish for cheesy 70's sci-fi such as soylent green and logan's run. for the rest of us all i can say is give me a break. the talking voice is lifted straight from hal in 2001. the effects are so terrible that its hard not to burst out laughing when one of the main characters have a dialogue and a fight with a beachball (!). otherwise, it just seems as if everyone is stoned. i can forgive john carpenter, because after all its just a student film and he went on to make halloween, which is probably one of the best horror films of all times. i just wouldn't rush to watch this. you'll feel as if you're trapped in space with the characters the whole time. as one of them says, "i like it up here"
only because you can't choose 0 stars (or minus stars).this movie is terrible.  the synopsis is completely misleading.  don't waste money or time on this one
you've gotta be kidding me.did anyone else watch the same movie that i did?  or should i say try to watch the same movie that i did?  i am a huge classic sci-fi movie lover and had heard good things about this one.  i was mislead.  i can seriously think of no redeeming value to this movie.  in fact, i am sure that carpenter and o'bannon are quite ashamed of this black scar that lingers in their past.  the unwitty dialogue tries to be clever all throughout the movie and is just sooo boring.  the 'effects' don't exist, and the whole alien beach ball thing is just embarrasing.  it's not funny - it is embarassing.  i could make a better movie with a handycam in my garage
warning, stay away!!!.this movie is bad on every level. bad acting, bad special effects, bad storyline (freakin boring).  i love the scifi/horror/comedy medium, but this film is just a straight up bomb.  it's not like, so bad it's funny. it's just, so lame and uneventful that i fell asleep faster that my friend who floated a keg full of nyquil. i'm telling you, please, watch anything else. .    from the very first scene you will be able to tell the quality of film that you are getting yourself into,(crap) and it never gets better from there. froget about the big names like john carpenter  dan o'bannon.  this was a school project of theirs! how many school projects have you ever done that were even remotely interesting? that's right, none! there is an alien in the movie, prepared to be scared, oh wait no, prepare to laugh, oh wait no, try neither. the alien is just a beach ball with feet. i'm serious,a beach ball, and our heroic characters are deathly afraid of it. what's worse is that more than a 3rd of the film is dedicated to this inflatable menace. i just can't go on, reliving anymore of this film is bringing back the desire to play russian roulette. do yourself a favor and pass on this one, you'll thank me...tom in san antoni
pretentious junk.the parts with gould are great.   the other parts are silly.   who cares about somebody who got a tattoo with gould's music?   i get tired of the filmmaker, who seems stuck on himself.   better than "extasis" but not much.  ..raised a point for the quality of gould's original material.
sorry, this stuff is not upto par.as a family guy fan and happy owner of vols 1-3, i warn you that these episodes -- in spite of all the laurels tossed here -- are no where near as good as previous episodes.  for some reason, perhaps the lay-off after being canned by fox, the writing went downhill.  sure, there are some funny monents in these episodes -- osama's blooper reel comes to mind -- but they are few and far between.  the jokes are mostly tired and the  story lines are frazzled, never meshing like in the past.  please, don't waste your money -- and don't encourage them to keep putting out tired crap like this.  sorry
i found it...tiresome.....my advice is to watch this in french, which is less painful especially if you don't speak french.  in english, its unbearable...slow?  at one point the dvd froze and i didn't realize it for several minutes
a deep, surrealistic film, that just wasn't interesting..this is clearly a film that inspires great reaction, hardly surprising considering the subject matter. however, like many other critics here i feel that if you take away the sex you are left with a deeply uninspiring film that coasts along on cod philosophy without courage or depth to explore true emotions..it's not that i disagree with the director's take on cinema, in many ways she is doing brave and important things. i just wish that she would do them better, and put them in a more relevant context. breaking the boundaries of cinema should always be done; we should rail against a system which finds the thought of an erect penis shocking while the gore of a thousand horror films is commonplace. however, can't you have an interesting story as well?..the acting is uniformly wooden. the actors are given admittedly little to work with, but the long lingering stares and fixed expressions fail to convey any emotion other than an ennui which i found affected the message of the film. how can this woman talk about passion, she doesn't look as though she has experienced a moment of passion in her life. even the imagery was uninspired, though admittedly beautiful and very well done. a woman in a red dress in the center of a room, a white bedroom, accompanied with white cat. all are attractive to see, but so predictable they are empty signifier...perhaps too much thought has gone into this film, perhaps too little. it seems to be little more than a manifesto for pushing back the boundaries, and only a film which connects to people on more levels will ever be truly successful in that objective..while i appreciate that this is a very stylized piece of cinema, i found the experience of watching people behave so unrealistically is quite boring. a strange film at all, but also very fascinating and interesting executed - as long as you can put up with its long dialogue-sequences, the sometimes metaphoric style and the fact that "romance" is quite difficult to watch... not the kind of stuff you're normally used to enjoy as pure entertainment, because you'll need time and nerves to sit this through..!
one hour and thirty-five minutes of nonsense :(.this movie was beyond bad to me. maybe it is my fault because i had the english sub-titles on with the french speaking... first off the sub-title font is old fashion block and the color of the subtitles is white well half of the movie's background is in white so you can't read the subtitles. if you should choose the dubbing then be prepared that it sounds like a really bad porn movie or even the old fashioned karate films where it sounds like the dubbing was done in a echoed hallway and they don't even come close to matching the lip movement of the actors...the story the female is in a relationship with a boyfriend that doesn't have sex with her on the jacket cover it says she is fulfilled in everyway but this with him..... that is never clearly shown in the movie they have no connection what-so-ever. this movie is very french it drones on and on with metaphors and just a lot of blah, blah, blah of the female {marie} talk about her views on sex and her female private parts . this is a very explicit movie i saw the unrated version and they showed a scene where she got a pap smear and the hospital was using her as a "test subject" so like (i think) 10 men performed a pap on her, they showed a rape scene that really (in my opinion) wasn't rape, 2 bondage scenes (reminded me of {the secretary} and she from time to time tries to perform oral sex on her boyfriend to which they show his genitalia. ..the female in the movie played by caroline ducey decides to go out and find sex for herself since her boyfriend is not having any with her and (unless i missed it) it is never explained why he chooses not have sex with her. she has rules like no kissing, she doesn't want to look at the face of the person she is having sex with etc. etc. the policeman from the movie {transporter} franois berlan, is a coworker of hers whom she ends up with for some sm and she has a albeit brief interlude with a widower played by international porn star rocco siffredi...i would recommend that you rent this movie first before purchasing maybe it was so french that it was above my head and me being a american i lost what i was supposed to get from the dialogue. i'm not sure but i can say that the ending made no sense what-so-ever and they never addressed what the deal was with the boyfriend...respectfully reviewed
not jet's worse, but man was that bad.now obviously the new rap music and great american voices they put on make it as bad as possible.  but then again, the movie certainly is no gem in it's original language version, that is for sure.  ..the whole movie had above average action sequences, but the story was unbearable.  not the story itself, but the execution of it is the worst possible.  it goes from sickening moments to almost little kid parts between jet and teh girl.  just freaking horrible.  ..so the dvd is full screened, music is stupid, voice dubbing is almost as bad as the "jet li collection" movies, but you will get a few good points one or two good laughs, and a decent finale.
a great film,beware of public domain versions!.quot;metropolisquot;,fritz lang's 1927 silent masterpiece,is one of the most important films ever made and also a great one! but over the years,this film has been reedited,recut,and shortened which ruins the exact vision of an extrordinary filmmaker.since its stay on the public domain shelf,the prints and image quality have over the years been poor.i do not recommend the following versions:1.the goodtimes video release has poor image quality and even worse,no musical score! 2.the now-notorious madacy dvd, which is about 5 times as worse as the goodtimes video release,contains horrible,blurry image quality,freeze-frame opening titles,and an annoying musical score! just recently,tcm (turner classic movies) has broadcast the brand-new,beautifully restored 2002 restoration of quot;metropolisquot; which i taped off of and trust me,it's well worth it! buy the kino restored version on either vhs or dvd,but do not buy the horrible public domain versions which can definitely rip you off! a terrific film and thanks to kino for making this restored version a definite must-see! i also recommend the 1984 rerelease by giorgio moroder (which is now unfortunately out-of-print)and buy the soundtrack to go with it
assistant night manager of illusions, maybe..it's always nice to watch famke janssen, of course, but i like it better when she's either a very smart x-person or a bond-busting sadist.  this movie really wanted to scare me but sheesh.  and the bad guy was like an evil version of sgt. carter from gomer pyle - totally implausible.  i think the problems start in these movies when horror writers direct them
don't bother with this.this is a completely useless dvd, especially if you are new to golf. all what the guy tells you is - "you should find your own comfort position" - which you can do anyway. e-mail me at vshirao@juno.com for details.i don't want anyone to loose his/her $30.00 for this useless dvd.
ok workout.let me just say that i'm a huge karen voight fan! i've been working out with her since great weighted workout all the way to burn and firm. i got this dvd just to mix things up a bit. i was not impressed. i loved strong and smooth moves! now thats a workout! this dvd felt like it was more for beginers! the moves are a little complicated though. i consider myself pretty good at picking up intricate steps, but i had a hard time learning these moves! i love karens style of teaching! so if youre considering buying one of her dvds please buy burn and firm or strong and smooth moves
ehhh, so-so.it's a so-so film with rourke in the ira. some good stuff. look for anthony(stewart head) as rupert(note: anthony stewart head portraits another rupert...rupert giles on the tv show buffy the vampire slayer)so, now you know. but this one is so-so like i sai
poor.terrible, all around bad movie. don't waste your time
complete garbage.the people who made these new episodes and these dvd's are sipmly trying to make money now, plain and simple. the first three seasons where done very well and are quite funny. there were also seven episodes on each disk. now, with season four, we see only 4 episodes on each disk, very poor and unfunny episodes, and we still had to pay an arm and a leg for it and it's only the first half of the season that was released. i'll never buy another family guy dvd as long as i live
so so.his girl friday is an ok movie about newspaper reporters in the early part of the 20th century.  i think it was supposed to be funny, and it may have been at the time, but most of the dialog was lost on me
what were they thinking?!.and i thought jason takes manhattan was bad! when i saw the title "jason x" i knew something weird like this would come. guys we know we are in the 2000s now but there is no need to make a "future" like film and not even with jason god. ..i never liked sci-fi stuffs. and what do you say when they try to change jason like if he was some sort of robot or something?! we dont need an "uber" jason to make him scary. we need him in the woods, no computerized dead bodies, not a bunch of people being picked up one by one in a spaceship. this isnt an alien movie! we are talking about jason voorhees. btw im a fan of the movies and i think i would prefer jason goes to hell and part 8 instead of this! ..dont even bother watching this film.
jason x.jason x~ lexa doig is a quite good movie in the friday the 13th series. compared with the downright awfull part 9, i.e., jason goes to hell this sequell has a better script, dialogue, acting and plot. part 9 was the first time new line owned the rights to the movie (it was prior to this owned by paramount) and there first crack at making the sequells, was if one is kind less then stellar and if one is honest, one of the worst movies i have ever seen. this time they put a little bit more time and effort into the sequell and yeah it is not a quality movie but compared to the rest of the friday the 13th franchise this is one of the better entries. even so it is not as good as part 4 or part one and it might sound like a paradox (since i have written that it was so much better then part 9 which i gave one star) that i only give the movie 2 stars. but being the 10 part in the series, the budget, and special effects are on the level of mediocre sequells. the dialogue is yes better then part nine but it is still pretty awfull and it sounds like the script and dialogue writers just barely finished community college. the music is awfull and sounds like it was done on a cheap computer or a toy keyboard. this movie should be seen by die hard fans of the franchise otherwise this is a movie could be easily avoided
a big dissapointment.i liked most of the jason movies so i thought "this looks like a good one"  so i got home popped it in and it started out great.  sort of scary and suspenceful and then "boom" it went from good to bad.  people from the future came unfroze jason and some girl.  the worst part of the movie is when jason gets a new mask.  it completley ruins him he goes from scary to retarded.  bringing the movie to the future ruined it for me.
has the whole world gone mad?.an average customer review of almost 4 stars?  have you people all gone mad or worse still have amnesia?  jason supposedly went to hell yeah?  then why is still in one piece.  this time round, the government realise there's nothing they can do to stop jason and have him captured.  he is cryogenically frozen so he can come to no harm.  unfortunatley, he and a doctor stay that way for over 400 years and reside in space! yes space!  the budget for this movie was impressive and the special effects are indeed good.  there may be more elaborate death scenes and a high body count but it's just not enough! this sequel sounds more like a star trek episode and completely ignores or escapes the true origins of a good friday the 13th flick.  supposedly, a twelfth friday the 13th movie is being made (if you count the excellent freddy vs jason).  while freddy vs jason was indeed impressive, there is absolutely no way either killer can survive a film on their own anymore
huge disappointment.what little there is here on these 2 dvds is very good. the picture and sound quality are first rate. the thing that is such a disappointment and so unfair to fans who have waited so long for this is the lack of depth. i have enjoyed releases from this company in the past, like the johnny carson collection, sonny  cher and tony orlando. these sets are all wonderful and packed with footage and fun extras. as for donny and marie, i was shocked to find only one hour on each dvd in this set. first, why does this need to be a 2-dvd set when 2 hours easily fits on a single dvd? most movies are 90 to 120 minutes. and then there's the price. i checked one of the other dvd sets and it is 3 dvds with a total of 9 hours. so why 2 discs here? it's simply to fool the consumers into thinking they're getting more when actually they're getting a lot less! i read on donny's website that there were problems with songs and costs. so if they were trying to keep costs down, why put on 2 dvds what would fit on just 1? the other sting here is there are only 2 shows on each dvd, but they are incomplete shows cut nearly in half, giving us only 30 minutes of each show (donny and marie was an hour show.) why?? i've loved this show since childhood and couldn't wait to spend some relaxing time to enjoy it when it arrived, as i assumed i would be getting something like sonny and cher or johnny carson. not the case at all. i know many osmond fans who would buy every show if they were available and even pay more as long as they were getting the real thing. unfortunately, this release ain't nothing like the real thing, baby. i just don't get it and still feel bummed and kind of burned. there's another company listed on the box in additon to r2 called rivetal. were they responsible for this?
don't waste your money / a little bit rip-off.i cannot tell you what a disappointment this dvd release is. i have been waiting anxiously for this show to be released on dvd. i was thrilled when i found out that the same company who put out the tony orlando  dawn show was doing it. i was expecting the same top notch treatment for dm. not so. talk about cutting corners. this is the best they could do? this dvd has so little on it and i feel ripped off having spent $30. if this set is what future volumes of the dm show are going to be, i certainly will not be buying anymore. not only that, i will be very careful when buying future releases from this company as well. what the hell happened? it is puzzling that donny himself was very involved in this release. donny, do you need the money so badly that you've resorted to ripping off your fans? shame on you and a big shame on the company that put this piece of garbage out. to those who have not thrown their money away yet, take my word for it, don't bother
bad accent... bad acting... bad movie.jennifer love hewitt is horribly miscast (her uneven accent is atrocious) as alice, a wife who receives a valentine from a secret admirer she assumes to be her husband. in actuality it is from her husband's law partner who has nursed a crush on her since university. after a couple drinks and some encouragement from her trampy sister, alice decides to tempt husband sam with a racy note from "anonymous" assuming that he knows it's her. since he is unfaithful, it could be his mistress katya or the sexy juror on his latest case. ..after a heated phone sex conversation (note that when hewitt uses her anonymous voice, she sounds like a russian drag queen, which is enough to turn any man flaccid), alice sets up a rendezvous with sam hoping to add some passion and spice to their marriage. instead, she discovers what a scoundrel she's married to. ..dougray scott has about 20 minutes of screen time as archie, the hapless bachelor who has loved her from afar. mediocre at best with a very predictable ending; skip this one unless you are a true fan
this movie sucked.the only reason i got it was cuz of jennifer love hewitt, the storyline is horrible and i regret buying it! so don't bother! if ya wanna watch a cool love hewitt movie get heartbreakers instead
a big disappointment.it's obvious why this went straight to video.  it's poorly written and badly uses two performers who have been so engaging in past movies.  jennifer love hewitt looks awful and her acting is self-conscious.  dougray scott looks old and tired and his acting is leaden.  he seemed destined to be a huge star a few years ago.  what is he doing in movies like this
retched.truth about love is horrible. in the first 5 minutes, love's british actrice makes you cringe and sways your attention away from the movie. the rest of the movie is cliche and boring. it's an unfunny romantic love story. truth about love is no "love actually.
still born action flicks hurt this collection.i own many of these 50 movie packs and i like almost all of them,but this collection is one that just doesn't do much for me..  the movies collected here are of the grade b thru z movies and action is the one thing that is in short supply in the set. some are so bad that they are funny but most are just plain bad. and for once i have to say that i found the transfers to be very poor as some of the movies are almost unwatchable. while most of these sets are very much worth the price this set isn't worth even half the price that they are asking for
not really action movies..this is not "50 action movies" as much as it is "50 old mostly bad movies we had laying around and thought we could package and sell somehow"...still, many of these movies are unintentionally funny and make good mst3k fodder...some are unbelieveably surreal. like "funeral for an assassin"" which is a south african movie in which we are expected to root for the apartheid govt. i found myself hoping that the assassin would wipe out the entire south african apatheid govt, but alas.........some are just plain awful. like "submarine alert"...but there's an ed wood classic included..."jail bait". always good for a laugh...i'd say the 50 movies are worth the money but just keep in mind that a good half of this set are unforgiveably bad movies and not even enjoyable for the laughs. they should have included "gigli". it would have fit right into this set
don't buy!.guys, these are all available in better versions. do not buy this public-domain, fly-by-night crap
two stars for the flicks....nosferatu is the finest vampire film ever, lon chaney makes a spectacular phantom, and metropolis is one of the most haunting and majestic films ever created, but the transfer of these films are so horrible on this disc it's insane. the image is unbearably painful to watch and actually gave me headaches. buy all 3, just avoid this disc
poirot with minutes cut out for ads.thanks for the heads up,ixion28, on the ae version of the series.  i have only seen the poirot series on ae, and i like it enough to purchase the dvd sets.  however, i was disappointed to find out that ae cut out minutes for ads.  i am checking into the acornmedia version
ae home video ruins another one..as hard as it may be to believe, ae home video, who accquired the american rights to the more recent episodes of the wonderful bbc poirot series, is actually releasing them on disc in their edited-down u.s. broadcast versions (you know, the ones with 10+ minutes hacked out of them so they can run burger and soap ads), rather than the original complete u.k. versions. from most companies, this would be startlingly incompetent, but apparently it's just an ordinary day at the office for the bright professionals at ae. since they released the royal shakespeare company version of nicholas nickleby in an edited-down, arbitrarily hacked-apart version, nothing these goofs do surprises me. once again, thanks for nothing, ae
u.s. editing has botched this series.i recommend that you stay away from this set.  american green eye shades from aamp;e's advertizing department cut ten-twelve minutes from each episode so that they could squeeze more fast food ads in to the showings on television.  the resulting botch makes several of these episodes unwatchable.  sorry; hopefully acorn will put these out in pristine form
bad news for spanish viewers?.i know all these films and agree they are wonderful. but, is it possible that this edition have an audio track in french and no spanish subtitles
ghost train of a movie.fair enough this movie is now 26 years old, but i have no idea how it could of spawned so many sequels to be perfectly honest. i watched this for the very first time last week and i was painfully disapointed because i love a good old horror flick. you dont really get to see alot of gore in this movie, everyone just mysteriously vanishes and then turns up dead in a "ghost train" type manner, the type of ghost train that's in the lamest amusement park one could imagine. by ghost train i mean, dead bodies just pop out from nowhere in the most random of fashions. *spoiler to follow* one problem i had is that the mother was incapable of taking down a small fumbling blonde girl towards the end but had no problem killing the larger males of the group. the arrow thru the eye was a cool touch, but it would of been good to actually see it! ..to help pave the way for future horror flicks this is a decent start, but the storyline is really bad lo
too many unanswered questions....i don't have a lot to say about this movie except that it is not your typical mob drama and the family tragedy spewed on some major depression. this movie was not what i expected and the storyline had too many holes in it
bad, bad, bad production!!.this entire dvd is unprofessionally put together. i gave it one star because such a talented artist as jon b took art in it.  the truth is that it isnt jb's fault that this dvd is so horrable.  i blame the production company! the audio is horrid!; really low and staticy at times. at one point, when they are all outside, the audio is dissrupted by wind.  the "interviewer" should have been more creative in her questioning. .the artist seems to be a bit reserved, but if you'd like to see him on more of a personal level, i would recommend purchasing this dvd...or better yet ***please borrow it****please have low production expectations.  i enjoyed hearing "they dont know" acapella, so one good thing came of this purchase
jon b everday struggles.i bought this dvd, because i thought it was going to tell me something new about jon b.  i was sorely disapointed. the only positive thing i can say about the dvd is that it arrived from america quickly and in good condition.  it had jon b singing snippets of his songs and a small glimpse into his home...the dvd was like watching a home video then selling it to the public under the guise of a professional production company; going to tell you something new about jon b's music, life and struggles.  the dvd kept on showing hightlight of what was on the dvd, i can only assume to fill space.  a few seconds of different videos or performances (not with sound) again to fill space. having an interview with jon b and not being able to hear a word the interviewer or jon b are saying.  showing footage of i presume are jon b's friends, while the interview is going on or when he's playing music. videoing a photographer taking pictures of jon b and getting into the shot of jon b singing...the only reason i haven't sent the dvd back is because i got a good exchange rate of the pound to the dollar.  ..it does make me wonder if jon b has seen this dvd.  i wouldn't want a product like this contected to my name out in the public.  jon b fans beware, don't buy
stiflingly unfunny, strained, crude but not clever.i have yet to see an episode of family guy that i found to be funny, and i've tried it on more than one occasion just to be be sure i wasn't missing something great after hearing all the hype; i concluded that i definitely was not after repeated attempts to give the show a fair try. i've yet to figure out why anyone likes the show for any reason, least of all the humor. the show does have one redeeming quality, the voice acting. seth macfarlane, seth green and others do excellent work that i normally find funny, but the talent is wasted on this nonsense...i love comedy and animation and am a fan of many animated comedy shows: the simpsons, south park, futurama, venture bros., robot chicken, bullwinkle and others, and i have yet to see anything in family guy that makes it worth watching once, let alone repeatedly on dvd. the jokes are strained and have nothing to say, unlike the dark, incisive humor one finds in early the simpsons, or on futurama or south park. as for being funny without making any particular social commentary, there are still plenty of animated comedy shows that are better at this too, like harvey birdman or the now defunct but once great sealab 2021...save your money and buy the dvds of any of the other comedy shows mentioned above. avoid family guy the way homer simpson avoids spending time sober.
pretentious.this movie is pretentious and totally false in the development of its characters. it seems to result from some sort of intellectual head trip somewhere (in france, of course). the nude scenes do not justify such a waste of time
don't bother.this dvd is often amusing, but completely unsuitable for children learning to read. words are all but incomprehensible in many of the songs, and some charaters don't articulate the words as well as you would expect (don't get me started on elmo). it's also too long.
if you want old-time sesame street, this isn't it.i bought this tape after reading the reviews.  i am looking for sesame street videos that are good for our daughter but also will keep our attention, since we always sit down with her to watch.  we are big muppet show fans and also grew up with sesame street.  i was not getting this tape to teach my 18-month-old to read, but some educational content is desirable.  if you are expecting something like the muppet show, you will be disappointed, although the bits with prairie dawn and benny rabbit begin to approach it.  the rest was rather flat, although i will admit my expectations were high for this video.  there are only two "old" sketches, and the "fat cat sat on the mat" with mahna mahna and three other muppets is marred by the addition of flashy animated words that are not well-timed to match what's being said on the screen.  it doesn't bother me that the words "taught" in this video are so random, "sticky" and "slippery" with "i" and "at" and "go;" the lack of entertainment value for adults is the bigger flaw in my estimation, as is the absence of more excellent older sketches from sesame street.  muppet show fans, do yourselves a favor and get some of the 45 available episodes of the original muppet show
stupid softcore dvd.don't buy this disc unless you are a real jackie lovell fan. the best thing in this dvd is lovell's dance at the end
i cannot believe this is the same sesame street.i bought this dvd for my daughter when she was 14 months old.  she picked it out at the store.  we could not wait to get home to watch it.  it did not even keep her attention for 3 minutes.  it has no energy compared to the other sesame street/elmo dvds she has.  i watched it with her and found it extremely boring.  i could not even make her sit through it that is how bad it was.  my husband came home and watched it for himself and he agreed.  i would highly encourage people not to buy this one.
what a shame.this sounded like such a good idea - one routine with instruction, and one without.  but it doesn't really work.  first of all, the routine with instruction isn't a routine.  she shows things, then explains them, and it's too jerky to get a proper workout, in my opinion.  whereas say with stott, she explains as you're working out, and you get your session...the section without instruction is also badly done, in my opinion.  the names flash on the screen, and that's it.  which means you should be looking at the screen - what's up with that?  we are meant to keep our head and neck in a very specific position in pilates, and craning to look at a screen is not on.  it would have been better if the names were read out - like in rodney yee's yoga for energy.  personally i would have liked the names of the exercises followed by the counting of reps...lastly, her form is sometimes brilliant and sometimes incredibly bad.  for instance, in the leg circles, her opposing hip is swinging wildly - anyone who understands pilates will know this is a big nono.  same with the neck pull front - when she hoists herself up, her feet come off the floor - every time...anyway, i don't recommend.  pit
little nicky.i am an adam sandler fan, but when i saw this movie i hated it. it was boring and stupid, and completely pointless. i don't see a reason for making this movie except for a few dull laughs. i would recommend this movie only to people who don't like full and enjoyable plots.
awful.shambles of an erotic thriller the sex scenes are virtually non existent and the story line is terrible i was very dissapointed with my purchase and encourage all to avoid this film
i've seen infomercials that generated more heat..forbidden games is a perfect example of a softcore film where you wonder what the point of making the thing ever was. the story is as boring and unoriginal as you can get. the acting is not anything to get excited about. the best thing i can say about the cinematography and sound editing is that there aren't any instances of glaring incompetance...but it's softcore, and all that stuff isn't supposed to matter, because we're all watching it for the great sex scenes. right? but there are no great sex scenes! sure it's got amy weber and some other attractive women, but what's the point if all they do is briefly pose for the camera and the "sex" could be more accurately described as "naked people hugging and kissing each other"...this thing was made in 1995, when people were starting to figure out how softcore movies should really be done. this is not one of the movies that they figured it out with...not recommended
could have been better.simply not enough of amy weber in the film. in the scenes she was in she looked lovely, but i was hoping to see more. anyone hoping to see weber get down and dirty will be disappointed
no where near as good as i hoped.after reading one of a kind, this movie gave no justice to the life of stu ungar.  so many important parts of his life were left out and or mushed together in different scenes.  i was really hoping the movie would be as good as the book, but i was highly disappointed
not at all like the real life of sut ungar.this movie did not go with the life of stu ungar. the movie depicted him as an only child when he actually had a bother and sister. his wife was actually named madeline and had a son ritchie before they met. this was a horrible movie and was nothing like the real stu, the actor didn't even look like stuey or acted like him. horrible movi
wack movie.stu ungar was a great poker player.this film tried to take on all the elemnts of his life.highslows. problem is the film is scattered all over. michael imperioli who plays christopher on the sorpranos stars in the starring role which is a big no no.imperioli at best on a good day is a 3rd-4th tier actor.dude is a great creative writer,but as far as acting in a big time picture he doesn't have the chops to pull it offthis film shows his limitations.this film is something you might catch at 3 in the morning when you can't sleep
desperation.controversy courted the release of this film and people went to see it for the actual depictions of sex between the actors, thinking somehow it would be pornographic or titillating. but this film showed two desperate, middle-aged strangers (with all their flaws abundantly clear) meeting once a week for no-strings-attached encounters. the fact that the audience sees graphic moments adds only to the "desperate", tawdry, pathetic feel of their relationship. naturally, one of the two of them becomes too curious and wants to know more about the other partner, one of the greatest pitfalls in the dangerous pursuit of anonymous encounters: sooner or later, anonymity is not good enough anymore.
briefless ! [encounters].just imagine what the trevor howard / celia johnson would  [could?] have been like if they had this freedom???..also imagine the make-up artist ['hair' dresser?];  and the, err ....  focus puller on this one's set ........no, no, no!  although rather brave - who the heck cares?  it's all very natural and somewhat vaguely contemporary, but really - why bother?   as our beloved peter finch [i think] said in "sunday, bloody sunday" - here come those boring old  t..s again!"..as for safe sex?   [the lady during a half-pant or two - breathlessly demands 'protection' from the, err..'intruder' .... unrealistic, regarding the intensity of their meeting{s}, and their obsession with each other's body parts]...simone signoret and laurence harvey were by far more interesting in their plastic raincoats on a windswept beach [ditto kerr and lancaster]...brando/schneider also bogard/rampling were far more tortured in their versions along the same theme...then ... we will always have "intermezzo"/"in the realm of the senses".
below average --.the story is ok, but the acting is a bit off and the movie drags to much... but if your looking for some raunchy sex  there is a non-simulated oral sex scene in it
fox pulls a george lucas.it's clear that whoever was in charge of picking the alleged "best of" material for this disc hoped that no future dvd collections of madtv would be made, as they danced all around the genuinely funny stuff and picked a bunch of sketches that fell flat.  (much like george lucas releasing the original star wars trilogy, but releasing poor versions of it, so now if sales fall flat because fans avoid it, he can say, "well, see, they didn't really want it.")..i am a fan of madtv, and i know the heights they are capable of, but the material presented here isn't it.  even though other reviews called these some of the worst seasons, i know there was still funny material being produced during those times.  why isn't any of it here?..also, please, please, fox, please, release something from the earlier seasons.  the stuff from will sasso's era.  the stuff from nicole sullivan's era.  there are still some talented people around for 7, 8 and 9, but where's kenny roger's jackass?  where's will sasso's steven seagal bit?..put that stuff on disc and i will buy it.  this is easy money for you, fox
i love this cheesey gore flick, but it is stupid!!.i love this movie ,so it pains me to give it two stars but really other than the gore and bad acting,this is one of the worst!!! only for gore fans(like me),other wise stay away!!
one of the worst movies ever, but a must see for gore hounds.this is easily one of the worst movies i've ever seen mostly because it's the most unoriginal movie i've ever seen. most of the the scenes are ripping off stuff from cannibal holocaust, zombie, or george romero's "dead" movies (sometimes even stealing lines from night of the living dead), not to mention that the entire soundtrack was lifted from dawn of the dead. of course there's also the horrible overracting, and the inane storyline, but those pale in comparision to the blatet unoriginality of the movie. ..now on to the good: the gore. if you're one of those types that check out horror movies to see some sweet gore effects and be genuinely disgusted, then you might want to see this movie because the gore is pretty top notch, especially the facial dismemberment in the final scene...what it comes down to is you should really avoid this movie unless you're absolutely obsessed with gore. and if you really must see this movie, i recommend you buy it as part of the "walking dead fright pack" that anchor bay released because along with this movie you'll actually get some good ones like some of lucio fulci's later work and the criminally cheesey "dead heat.
not terrible, but it's pretty down there.once again, national geographic and some producers have gotten together to make a movie. there is so much b-roll of birds, coyotes, bats and whatever else in this flick that if you took it all out the movie itself would be about 50 minutes. also, since part of this movie takes place in the jungle, there's plenty of unga bunga in junga tribes dancing and running around. you can tell the b-roll really did come from some sort of national geographic-esque type production house because whenever they use it, there's a lot more grain than the rest of the movie. now, the movie itself has a horrible dialog and the voice over work doesn't help either. the way the movie flows from scene to scene is absolutley ridiculous too. whoever planned out the scenes must have been a schizo. some of the zombies look really good, but the majority of them look like someone just put grey paint on their face. decent gore, but that's about it
calling this the worst horror movie is kind.this is movie is a nice big pile of warm doo doo.there nothing entertaining about this film horrible acting and serious over acting are just the beginning to this mess.no story to be found super bad special fx .i mean u can see raw meat toss about and the new guinea zombies look like brothers and sisters u find in compton california.and adding stock footage is plan lazy.i don't know if the person who directed this still alive if he is he should be made to work at mcdonald's making fries for lif
one of the worst zombie flicks ever..i'm addicted to bad movies. really bad movies. ones that make you laugh at its pure inadequacy and the ones that are so cheesy that you can't help but be entertained. then there are ones that are so bad you would have to be a masochist to sit throughout the entire duration of it. ed wood's "bride of the monster," "burial ground," and "manos: hands of fate," are three classic horrible movies that i have had the dishonor of seeing and will never forget the pain and boredom that i felt while suffering through the viewing of them. "hell of the living dead" is definitely one terrible zombie flick that certainly and positively belongs among the worst movies ever made. first of all, it basically covers all of the zombie cliches ever created throughout the history of zombie movies. jungle savages, mad scientists, a little gore, a little blood, extremely fake looking special effects, a random soldier dancing in a green tutu, top hat, and cane, and really really bad zombie make up makes this movie well worth watching. also, i can't understand why this movie is on the video nasties list. "i spit on your grave" and "the last house on the left" are much more disturbing than this movie. in any case, you should check this movie out if you want something to make you fall asleep quickly or if you are a true masochist and desire great amounts of suffering and pain
poor quality.this dvd skips quite a bit.  it's kind of hard to sit back for a movie when it skips so much.  i thought maybe i got finger prints on it.  so, i checked and there were none.  i used a disc cleaner and it didn't help
this sequel is horrible!.same actors returned at least but it looked too different from the first one. they should have never made a second one. i'm really curious of what santa clause 3 is going to be like but i bet it's going to be disappointing like the second one. i really enjoyed the first one a lot and it was funnier but this one just seemed too disappointing. the first one is way better do not watch this one it sucks
the worst movie that van damme has ever starred in.a man seeks vengeance against a gang that stole his motorcycle. straight up predictable and undeniably boring. van damme looks so terrible in that beard, i hope he never does a movie with his beard like that again. the movie is stupid, the plot is so lame, and the action is so boring. i don't even understand how a die- hard fan of van damme could like this! this is a movie that doesn't even deserve to be in stores. this definitely ain't worth one cent of its price. if you are a van damme fan, do not waste your hard earned money on this movie. a walk in the woods is more exciting than this. if this movie really does appeal to you, then you obviously don't know your action movies too well
van damme fans only....i struggle with this movie. i'm a die-hard fan of jean-claude van damme, so part of me really likes this movie. but the other part knows that this is a very subpar direct-to-video with a slow script, uninteresting characters, and horrendously bad acting (save for jcvd himself). having said this, i can honestly reccomend it to fans of van damme. they will certainly have a good time watching the muscles from brussles kick the tar out of some low-life hicks while drinking with his indian buddy and pickin' up chicks. if this appeals to you, there shouldn't be any reason why you wouldn't like "desert heat." if even one of this doesn't sound good, stay far away
one of the worst movies ever!!!!!!!!!.why is this movie a classic? the plot line was nonexistent, and the characters were completely unlikeable.the implication that annie hall was a lesbian didn't make any sense! woody allen's character was completely freeky and there was not a single purpose for him being there. come to think of it, there was no purpose for this movie!!!!!! so save yourself and never watch this film
not for epileptics (and not recommended to people who do not want epilepsy).i love this movie - i used to own it on vhs, and got very excited upon finding it on dvd. not as exciting watching the main feature with my epileptic girlfriend, though. she had to walk out of the room. all throughout the film the picture is distorted - full of flashy stripes as soon as any object moves on screen, or as soon as the camera moves or zoomes (phenomenons that occur during approximately 98% of the film.) it's a real good movie, a classic comedy full of satire and lovely disgust, but the disgust of the quality of the picture is not very lovely. hugely disappointing work by universal. must have been amateur hour at the studio that day..disc #2 is fine, though. full of extra features, but it doesn't matter much when you can't watch the main feature :(..(ironically enough, one of the extras include a fake inside look at how the film was restored before digital transer: the pythons finding the film roll in a dump, dropping it out in the street, then putting it in a washing machine and scrubbing it with soap before applying it to a machine for restoration...they probably mixed up these film rolls before the digital transfer.)..from now on i'm going to read more than only one or two reviews before purchasing another universal dvd ...why hasn't this edition been taken off the market, btw - why is being sold !? to keep disappointing costumers !? when i bought this double disc set the price was much higher - now it's only 9.99, and remember - there's a good reason for this ...there should be an official warning, though. there should be a sticker on the dvd case reading "95% off due to one of the world's worst digital transfers."....is there a good dvd edition of this film out there anyway...
stupid, corny, and gross... now this is why the french are worried about cultural contamination!.this movie gets one star for being an excessively thin story, full of nose picking, nipple twisting, and scat depositing gags.  it gets three stars for being funny.  ..i was lucky this was the "free" movie of the "buy two, get one free" routine.  i let a 15 year old pick the third, and this was the result...of course, i am not the target audience for this movie.  it was never designed to appeal to me.  and it did appeal to the teenage set, i could tell.  in fact, i learned after watching the movie that nipple twisting was the "rage" during football this year.  woe is me!  a generation of boys contaminated for life!..and i certainly deserve a slap on the wrist for laughing too many times.  now this is why the french are worried about cultural contamination!  of course, the french were huge fans of jerry lewis...
only sometimes funny.for the most part, this movie tries desperately to be funny with random gags, and rarely succeeds...jon heder does too much of his napoleon routine, and offers a strangled and overall un-funny performance...i thought it was slightly better in the second half, maybe because by then  i got used to the movie's absurd style. there were about three or four really good laugh-out-loud moments for me, and i think they all revolved around david spade...i will probably never watch this again
0.25 stars: buy this movie and you deserve to go home in a box..well, i just don't ever learn.  i cannot believe i bought this crap.  why do i keep buying these movies?  i am looking for a diamond in the rough and i found a piece of crap in "popcorn".  popcorn is about as stupid and as over the top as its name.  this movie is ridiculous and while it is definitely different, you cannot possibly take this movie seriously as a horror movie.  the killer is a dork and the movie just flat out sucks...most of the movie takes place in a movie theatre and the plot is ridiculous.  if you are interested in some silly little movie that gives horror movies a bad name, this garbage is for you.  however, if you are interested in a serious horror movie, don't buy or rent a movie by the name of "popcorn" or you will sorely regret it.  personally, i'd rather eat a bag of burnt popcorn than watch this trash again
why do i need another copy of this?.added.      - 5 whole minutes .      - documentary about how to make a great movie suck by     making it a broadway production...deleted.      - karaoke version of five songs from the soundtrack: hold me now, do you really want to hurt me, every little thing she does is magic, rappers delight, white wedding..worth the extra $13 - i think not..i suppose if you are one of the four people on the planet that doesn't own this classic there is a option of which edition to purchase, for the rest of us, it's just not worth it.
supermarket-quality movie.i first saw this movie on tv (early morning),and wasn't surprised to later see it at a supermarket checkout line...frank whaley plays a schlub who's considering working for 'playboy' (a scary thought,this movie giving fear a new name),and who may (or may not)be in love with annabeth gish,his childhood sweetheart.the story is needlessly confusing,but you know the two will come together because they're meant for each other.awwwwww...
mediocre writing  direction.i like romantic comedies in general, even some that i recognize as being formulaic, but i didn't like this movie.  the weaknesses were immediately apparent--awkward dialogue, lack of visual style--but i hoped the movie would overcome its faults.  it didn't.  unlike, for example, wedding for bella, which had some similar shortcomings and obvious outcomes, this movie never made me care about the lead characters--they were two-dimensional sketches rather than fleshed-out characters.  i liked amy jo johnson, although being a 30-year-old playing "the teenager" suggests a reason for her undistinguished career, and i liked liz vassey who was also relaxed in her character rather than awkwardly acting a part.  otherwise, nothing to see here. move along
what's so new?."christie as you have never seen her before" was a claim that made me a little nervous, but i decided to try these "new" mysteries anyway.  sometimes a new approach can be helpful...alas, i discovered this "new christie" is simply a chance for the writers of these stories to stick their 21st century values on an older generation.  bright young things always claim they are so different from their parents, but they want to paint their grandparents as they are themselves.  ..the first set of this new series was disturbing enough.  there were subtile changes here and there that distracted from the story.  what was a small adventure into so-called "new areas" in the first series is an all-out march into the world of today in this second series...sleeping murder is not longer the story of poor helen who, like the helen of the old stories, could not find happiness in life because of her beauty.  for those who have read christie, this was a theme she used in more than one plot.  the helen of this movie is not longer a beautiful young woman searching everywhere for love, only to have it snatched for her grasp before she can enjoy her treasure; instead this helen is a petty thief with a smirk that always leaves the viewer wondering what she is planning.  the story is not the tale of young newlyweds coming to england to buy a home in which to start their married life, but instead the tale of a summer acting group that were saved from certain career disaster by the arrival of world war ii.  the young newlyweds are not newlyweds but only an engaged gal that demands and snaps at people until her discovery that she knows things about this house that she should not  only give her another reason to complain.  the young husband never appears in the story, in fact he is dispatched from the script in favor of what is supposed to be a flunkie of the company come to help her buy the house and settle in before the wedding.  one wonders at the ending as the flunkie will be out of a job when his boss hears the wedding is off and then where will they all be?  ..the relationships between these characters are what one might expect from a modern day acting group and not from a pre-war one.  the disclosure of the murderer seems to be an: "oh yes, this is a murder tale so we had better make one of these people a murderer."  and the murder itself is silly rather than tragic.  ..these "new" stories center around gay couples and estranged couples and broken-hearted singles.  there are few married couples.  and the writers simply cannot bear to keep christie's love stories within the episodes.  no, those have to be tossed in favor of some "new" approach to the ending.  christie's stories were so much about the character of humans and why they act the way they do.  each detail of her stories helped to express her view on what motivated humans to love and to kill.  the freely changing of some of these details destroys an important part of the story.  one could and should expect some changes to keep the story fresh but those changes should express christie's views and not the popular views of the moment.  the twisted end to 4:50 from paddington in no way expressed the point christie made by developing the relationship of bryan and the new cook.  when that point was removed for the story, then the family became only a group of greedy people grasping for the old man's money, and not a family whose outlook on life had been so changed by their father's character and actions.  with no contrast between bryan and the others, the point was last and watching the story became pointless as well.. .i would say to the writers of these movies:  there is a reason that dame agatha has out-sold god, and you have completely missed the point of that reason.  why is it that you cannot have a married couple in any of your stories?  of what are you afraid?  we expect our elected leaders to have good characters and be upstanding citizens, but the total disregard of some values by the entertainment medium is totally appaling.  christie wrote about life and about people as they are.  the fact that you are using her name and her reputation to tell your own tale tells us so much about you.  and christie taught us how to understand you.  ..let me see if i can explain the basic concept of the murder tale.  evil people kill and/or are killed.  innocent people suffer because of the murder.  if your suffering characters are such that nobody cares about them, then nobody is going to give a darn how much they suffer.  and by the time sleeping murder was over, i had completely lost interest.  her end was understandable.  ..and may i ask why she was buried under a dead tree?
great acting, ghastly scripts.sleeping murder seems to refer mostly to what was done to the original book. obviously considering christie's mysteries too mannerly, the scriptwriters invented a troupe of actors who sleep around with each other, then changed the step-sister in the plot to a real sister so some incest could be added; by the time the heroine breaks off her engagement to her fiance, it is a mild denoument, but at least consistent. ..in by the pricking of my thumbs, miss marple is injected into a plot where she is totally unncessary; and rather than the happy, intelligent couple we know from christie's books, we are presented with tommy as a bumbling, insensitive beaurocrat and tuppence as a depressed boozer (with some unexpected company, since the local clergyman is also an alcoholic, of course)...the moving finger is much better in plot alignment, even though it opens showing the hero writhing in bed with various women (thankfully, only one at a time). but here the costume production details were messed up pretty badly: the (very) busty governess is about to explode from the low-cut cocktail dress she is wearing early in the morning as she oversees her young charges (in which any sudden movement would certainly have added graphically to their education); and when the hero's sister is shown seated at a formal dinner party eating with her gloves on, i laughed aloud; who made this episode, 21st century americans?..all of this is a real shame, since a lot of thought and money obviously went into the period detail, and the acting is top-notch; but the representation of 1950's behavior is so unrealistic that it counteracts all the effort put into the visualization of the small towns and their surroundings. i've added an additional star from my earlier review, since the producers really did apparently try to give us 1952 england; but the production was forced to be so post-modern friendly, that they lost the originality and reality that would have made these episodes much better editions...had they considered a series focusing miss marple's sophisticated nephew, with new story lines, it might have been fascinating; but trying to hang onto some thin thread of the original plots, while taking all the chracters from 2006 and putting them into period settings, was not a convincing combination.
had to put one star.videotest.exe error message is inevitable.  loading video never happens with hd format.  continues til early dawn.  cannot play in hd format even with ati x1900xtx and pentium extreme 3.4.  huge waste of time and money.  don't bother.  however, normal format is okay and the film is pretty good.  not for hd viewing.
don't dub de great movie.for 35 years i have consistently ranked this as one of the greatest movies ever made..having said this, the voices used to replace the italian and spare the subtitles strip this film of its beauty resulting in a juxtapose reminiscent of "what's up tigerlily?" or a reversal of the plotline in "singing in the rain".  great for a comedy, but i doubt it was intended by the producers of this immense film
the showgirls of cocaine movies.i hate to be the dissenting voice here, but the boost is one of the most hilariously bad, cliched and over-the-top pictures i've seen in a long while.  it's so silly it unintentionally wanders into john waters territory several times.  the thing is, james woods acts like he's on coke before his character starts doing coke, so when he actually starts the coke binge, the movie enters a hyperreal realm of ridiculousness.  still, it has its moments, such as sean young falling down a flight of stairs and having a miscarriage, or woods explaining that cocaine "just takes your natural energy and amplifies it".  a good title would be "national lampoon's cautionary cocaine tale of the 1980s"
great movie, lousy lousy transfer.this is one of clint's best, but the transfer is awful.   all dark scenes are grainy, highly pixellated.  the daylight scenes (fortunately the balance of the movie) are ok.  movie 3 stars, transfer 1 star
lots of gunshots, but no credibility.men of a certain age will remember how, when we were kids and this was played on tv in the early 80s, we thought it was so cool when a huge army of police officers fired so many shots into a house that it eventually collapsed, and when a bus was shot full of holes by an even larger army of cops.  but those two over-the-top scenes are all this movie has going for it.  ..the other action scenes are pretty silly and unbelievable, especially scenes involving a sniper in a helicopter, and atop a parking structure, both of whom were in "can't miss" positions and missed anyway.  ..moreover, if you know anything about law the plot is beyond silly.  it involves eastwood being sent from phoenix to las vegas to escort a witness being extradited back to arizona for a trial.  the witness will testify about bad behavior on the part of the phoenix police commissioner, and a corrupt assistant district attorney is involved with the commissioner in a coverup.  assuming a material witness can be extradited, which i doubt, the crime appears to have been committed in vegas, so it would tried in vegas, not phoenix.  and if the ada prosecuting the case was corrupt and wanted to cover for the commissioner, he could just dismiss the case, and there would be no need to murder the witness.  the idea that they would want to draw attention to the case by having 200 cops line up and try to assassinate the witness is beyond ridiculous.  ..in sum, the plot and the action were both absurd,and the only interesting scenes were the crazy firepower overkill at the house and on the bus.  but those two scenes probably can't carry the entire movie for the average viewer.
shocked at amazon's decision here....this is my first real negative experience with amazon.  i would have sworn that they would 'no problem, we're sorry' exchange the psp disc with the extraordinarily deluxe that i and so many others ordered.  deeply disappointed to learn that they're only return-and-refunding. i have heard of them honoring much more substantial pricing errors... this didn't even seem like much of one.  it was a 'good' price, yes ($13.99 pre-order for the new 2 dvd/1 cd grail re-package), but it wasn't such a ridiculous goof that it seemed impossible... ..anyway.  won't turn me off of amazon forever, of course, but it does besmirch the near-perfect record they had going.
bad mistake from amazon.i ordered the new 2 dvd disc special extraordinarly edition and i received this crappy psp version! incredible mistake and bad service from amazon!!
not the dvd shown in picture    - misleading-.i saw this in the store but thought i would order it from amazon , the picture shows the dvd version like i saw in the store and said extroardinarily deluxe two-disc edition (it did say that, but not anymore) now i have to pay more than i would have in the store cause i paid shipping to get here and now i have to pay to ship back then go buy it from store , two payments of shipping for nothin'.   agrivating
not the dvd!! crappy psp version!.this is not the dvd version. amazon has incorrectly advertised this!!! i ordered this before the previous comments were made and now i have to wait until it gets to me before i can return it
not the dvd version!.this is not a dvd, it is a umd version for psp...the dvd is pictured but this not the dvd.  this should be more clearly noted
sesame street christmas was a bummer.i was so excited to get this dvd and soooo disappointed within the first few minutes of it.  i turned it on for my 19 month old, who loves elmo and friends, and her friend.  they were excited when i told them what we were going to watch but were obviously disappointed very quickly.  the story is the based on the christmas carol movie, which is too old for kids who like elmo/sesame street.  ..it was a total waste of money!
not what i expected!.i was really looking forward to this dvd.  it looked like a great concept, oscar the grouch as scrooge.  however, it really wasn't that great.  it basically uses the older sesame street christmas episodes (christmas eve on sesame street, elmo saves christmas, and elmo's world holiday) as the past and present.  i expected more of a storyline with all new footage.  also, the ghosts are not puppets, they are animated (and not that well, might i add).  they seem really fuzzy and don't fit in.  ..i bought it because i have long been a fan of jim henson work and have collected most of the regular movies, etc.  i don't know if kids will even like this.  it just seems geared toward an older age group.  there's very minimal elmo, which some might see as a blessing.  all in all, i was very disappointed.
just a couple of guys holding their breath.a friend and i saw this in the theater when it was released, and found that it compared favorably to andy warhol's "empire" for  "movie where absolutely nothing happens."  the absurdity of "free diving" as a spectator sport is complemented by the surrealism of pianos on the beach, etc.  as we were walking home, my friend asked, "what was the purpose of having rosanna arquette in the movie?"  i coolly replied, "well, she's the love interest.  without her the whole movie would just be about two guys holding their breath."  that last line has been a running joke between us for 18 years
what happened at the last 15 mins.i agree with most of the reviews here that the movie is just so bad. the director had the wrong idea of an art film, methophors and strange incoherrent ending is not the only thing you need to make an art film. i was pretty intrigued by the lead's obssession with the hunky swimmer but it just did not end the movie satisfactorily ... can anyone explain like when did he have the rubber suite, whats with the garbage dump ending, it is just too pointless !!! i felt cheated of 90 mins of my life
even kink can be boring.if you crave a gay-themed film full of brooding obsession, gloomy (and very well done) night photography, the occasional graphic sex scene, and metaphors so obvious even a high school film class could catch them, then this just might be your cup of tea. howewver, if you are looking for a film that sustains its running time and subject, then you are out of luck...to be fair, portugese director joo pedro rodrigues has made some daring choices here. dialogue is minimal--this might as well be a silent film with sound effects. he's working one of the great themes--the boundary between dream and reality and the dangers of ignoring that boundary. there is the further theme of sexual oppression triggering further oppressions. and yes, there is more than a little boundage mixed in. (this is no 50s mgm musical.) it looks good--night photography, lots of backlight and black surfaces, either dull or glittering. sergio (played by ricardo meneses, a garbageman in lisbon, drifts further and further into his obsession with a hunky young swimmer (and sergio is pretty hunky himself). while not obsessing, he drifts from one random sexual encounter to another. finally, he goes off the beam completely (i won't go into all the details in case you decide to see it)...the problem is the same that so many self-consciously arty films, from greed to the unbearable lightness of being, share--their metaphors are too obvious (here, among others, it's human and animal behavior--sergio's best relationship is with his dog and he lapses into canine behavoir periodically) and they are just too long. o fantasma would make a pretty good 40 minutes festival film--at 90 minutes, it just drags, particularly the ending with sergio wandering interminably in a landfill in a rubber bondage suit. (come to think of it, kind of.an echo of the equally tedious final sequence of greed.) i admit it--i really haven't the patience for films that scream out how artful they are and have little or nothing except style, attitude, and angst. style and attitude--think fred astaire--can be a winning combination. unfortunately, in spite of lashings of kink and plenty of existential hysteria, this is not a winning film. basically, it's a bore
undeveloped, unfinished art. don't see it..with no expectations, i joined my partner in watching this movie. i was intrigued, because i share several of the main character's fetishes (including the central, dog/animalism theme). the movie reminds me of a college student's attempt-a movie based on "cool" gimmicks, poor research, underdeveloped ideas, and amateur video and audio work (technically speaking) that i could have done better on my powerbook...there is proof that the director filmed a bunch of disjoint scenes and pieced them together into a movie in the editing room. for those stupid enough to buy this piece of crap, simply compare the "eye candy" section of the dvd extras to the movie itself. stuff is all jumbled out of order in the movie version...too bad. a potentially great film and the only thing worth seeing is the sexy star, who we may see again (as long as he doesn't need to talk much.
beautiful boy, pretentious director.this picture is a mess of misused metaphors and confused imagery from start to finish.  i was left scratching my head wondering who these people are and why they behave the way they do. forgive me for expecting the film to provide any answers.   first the good news - if you like beautiful boys, ricardo meneses as the twisted sergio is one of the most gorgeous creatures to ever stand naked before a lens.   despite the hopelessly confusing script, his acting (such as it is) is amazing, especially if you take into account his age (18) and experience (his first film). it's too bad he had to be "discovered" by a director who thinks nothing of making his audience beg for each scrap of insight, and pretentiously expects the viewer to read their own interpretation into whatever nonsense he sees fit to set up as his next scene. i wanted to give it the benefit of a doubt, so after sitting through one screening of this erotically charged but confused tangle of a movie, i sat through it again, this time with the directors commentary on. cheating, i know, but after shelling out all that money for the dvd i was hoping to gain some idea of what the hell was going on. i emerged from watching it the second time half in love with the beautiful young actor ricardo meneses, but with only a fraction of the respect i had for the director, joao pedro rodrigues, after my first screening. and that wasn't much. ..sergio is a garbage collector for the city of lisbon. he works a graveyard shift with an assortment of other oddballs, and in between collecting garbage he has a series of sexual escapades that seem impossibly jaded for one so young. while other boys his age are swimming or surfing, he's dressing up in a full-body suit of latex, having anonymous sex in men's rooms (including the most explicit act of fellatio i have ever seen in a non-pornographic movie) and exploring s  m adventures with any willing male he can find. just so you know how kinky he is, in one scene he masturbates in the shower while strangling himself with the shower-massage cord. you really have to wonder where all this imagination comes from, until you realize that the writer-director has been harboring some pretty extreme sexual fantasies about his friendly neighborhood garbage men. sergio has a female co-worker who is in love with him, but she's busy having sex with the foreman, and sergio's only interest in her is to tease her sexually and then play cruel jokes on her.  he finally meets a man who doesn't succumb to his charms, because he's obviously straight. this was not the first or last thing in this film i didn't get; when i was that age, and almost as pretty as sergio, i understood that some guys just couldn't be had, so i shrugged my shoulders and moved on.  not our sergio.  he takes obsession to unheard of heights, especially for an 18 year old.  he stalks the young swimmer, goes through his garbage, and steals his torn old swimsuit. of course unrequited sexual obsession in films is not exactly new - remember reflections in a golden eye? in that film, made in 1967 and still considered by many critics to be one of the ten worst bombs ever made, the male object of marlon brando's desire was almost as pretty as ricardo meneses, but that film had the advantage of a script that was at least coherent at times.  in one of the first of many explicit sexual encounters in o fantasma, sergio, while walking his dog, comes upon a policeman handcuffed and gagged in the backseat of a patrol car.  he proceeds to masturbate the cop to orgasm, leaving him tied up in the car and then running off to work, where he spends the rest of the night sniffing his hand and licking the residue.  i was hoping that the director's commentary would maybe explain how and why the cop is tied up in his own squad car, but his sole comment on the soundtrack is, "you don't understand in the film why the cop is handcuffed". excuse me, mr. rodrigues, but i didn't understand it in the audience, either. ..sergio's only tender scenes are when he takes care of the dog, a mascot of the sanitation workers.  in one scene, sergio is busy cleaning the dog dishes and doghouse with a hose, when he turns and sees the foreman standing in the door.  he pushes past, their faces register some indications of conflict, and then the foreman shuts the door. the director's commentary on this action is, "the door closes, and you know what will happen, but you don't see it".  uh, no, i'm afraid the relationship between sergio and foreman is the least developed of all the underdeveloped relationships in this film, so what will happen next is anybody's guess. not that i really cared; sergio is the only character in the script whose personality is even partially explored, and all we ever really learn about him is that he's sexually compulsive and kinky to the max.  the picture goes on endlessly, with sergio refusing to let go of his obsession for the young surfer / swimmer, until he has the most excruciatingly slow breakdown ever recorded in a movie.  at the same time, what little there is of coherence also breaks down.  the director's commentary infuriated me even more when toward the end, after spending most of the commentary praising the cooperation, beauty, talent and maturity of his young lead actor, he proclaims, "it is cruel to say it, but he wants to continue acting, and i think he will not act again. i will not use him in my next film...it's like his body has been used up". i haven't had the benefit of seeing anything else by mr. rodrigues, but if given the choice of viewing mr. rodrigues' next film or ricardo meneses next appearance i think i'd opt for the beautiful boy any day. after botching the attempted kidnapping of his beloved obsession, sergio takes off to spend the balance of the film wordlessly running. the final scenes treat us to a guided tour of the sights, sounds (and by way of commentary) smells of a garbage dump. as sergio wanders through the dump clutching a live rabbit he finds among the garbage ("i saw the rabbits there" says the director on the commentary, "so it's believable") the director, grasping for a final metaphor, remarks "he is like a cross between a bug and an insect" a comment that seems to me to be a cross between the idiotic and the insipid. he then ends this drivel after the slowest twenty minutes of film i've ever sat through by more or less telling us he didn't really know how to end it - like i hadn't figured that out a full ten minutes before the end credits started running. as sergio continues to stumble on into the dawn before the final fadeout, the director says, "i could bring him back to the city, but that would not make much sense". the idea of a scene that might not make much sense didn't prevent him from filming the other 90 minutes of this drek - i dare say he should have gone for it.
***too much and not enough*** o fantasma!.again i took a chance  bought a dvd without first having seen it. its' subject--a young mans' same-sex escapades about town in lisbon, portugal--seems quite provocative when buying a film. i must say its main character--sergio--was a delight to watch  a great choice for this film as he possesses that "brandoesque", untamed sex-appeal that can't be taught or learned. the way he succumbed to his sexual proclivities with such self-abandon was truly believable if not risque  disturbing. the film starts out with what appears to be some form of sm  progresses to anonymous sexual encounters in a car  a public restroom. mind you, these encounters are strictly carnal  devoid of any idealization of sexuality itself. all the while, sergio  madly obsesses over a dude that finds his stalking behavior annoying and incomprehensible. this doesn't deter sergio as he proceeds deeper into his sexual dilemma. the guy becomes a "phantom" in sergios' psyche; the more he avoids  refuses sergios' advances, the deeper sergio falls into his self-created abyss.  the overall scenery of the film is dark  desolate which helped to isolate  amplify sergios' troubled state of mind. overall, the film was not all bad but "too much  not enough".  kudos to ricardo meneses on his debut; he alone made this film memorable
the court-house is the bleak-house..the legal system of lawyers getting rich, and cases dragging on for years, is brought to life in dicken's characters in the 1985-version. by "bleak house", mr. dickens meant the court-house is a bleak place. the 1985-version makes the home of the good, cheerful, characters attractive, and the characters living there are pleasant people; (though the house is named "bleak house", it is only mr. dickens being indirect, to avoid retaliation by the legal community of the time). this 2005-version shows the good character's home with darker furnishings, filmed by candlelight, with abrupt scene changes, accompanied by seconds of scary music, for a bleak home, without reason; missing mr. dicken's point entirely. ..the 1985-version has faults, with too much time on the dreary, not enough personality, not enough cheery activity, yet still the better version. a screenwriter would need to re-write much of the book to make it play well on film...the 1985-version portrays well the court-house as the bleak-house:.since the time of dickens, since the trial of jesus, "there is nothing new under the sun". law attracts those wishing to make a lot of money; often the greediest among us. lawyers are paid up-front, win or lose, good job, or not. lawyers may be expressing their clients lies more cleverly, enabling an otherwise failed case. ..all law should arise from ethics and fair-play. "do to others, as you wish done to yourself". thus, the uneducated, good person should find a law to protect them; and likewise, the evil person, expect a law to punish them. ..the u.s. constitution desires the right of the citizen to represent themselves in civil-court. try representing yourself today, and see what happens. no matter the merits of your case; you are viewed as knowing nothing, compared to your esteemed, attorney-opponent. you are not in the attorney-club, (judges are attorneys). your legal-complaint, no matter how just, how well-written, is likely not even read. lawyers have usurped a monopoly, and are making lots of money. ..you may say, abraham lincoln, was an attorney, selfless and honest. yes, but on the other hand, he was shot for his caring, and the last caring attorney in the history books. ..is dickens true today? had i been a juror in the oj simpson trial; after being locked in a hotel room for 6-months; i would soon only care of getting free from that hotel room. ..the moral of this film is to not spend much time on these things we have little power to change; rather enjoy the company of our loved ones.
go with  less disks...and a less all over the place set.i thought this set would be nice seeing as there are several well known names in it and a complete 5 discs...the biggest problem is until you get to disk 3 you are watching for 30 seconds then 2 minutes then 15 seconds...going thru menu after menu...i cant say anything about disk 4 and five all though it looks like these are for kids and ladies...i have the old bob mann videos which basically run for an hour straight and found them to be much better...sometimes more is not better
an arid technical exercise and not nearly as funny as it thinks it is.despite liking a couple of his movies, i've never been a fan of preston sturges, and a second viewing of unfaithfully yours did nothing to change that. with rare exceptions like frasier or comme une image, most supposedly `sophisticated' comedies are usually either too clever by half or not half as clever as they think they are: this definitely falls into the latter category. it may be slightly more articulate, but it still comes down to pratfalls and clichs clumsily dispensed (not to mention an incredibly one-dimensional role for linda darnell as the wife whose sole reason for existence seems to be to worship her husband). unfortunately it soon becomes apparent that despite his confidence in the early part of the film, rex harrison is entirely wrong for the part: aside from being so incredibly unsympathetic that he simply alienates you for most of the film, he has absolutely no facility for physical comedy, which renders what could and should have been a great comic setpiece where he accidentally trashes his hotel room far more thoroughly than any rock star ever could even dream of rather tedious and protracted. (alfred newman's surprisingly crudely over the top slide-whistle and horn 'comic' underscoring all but stones the scene to death, a surprising lapse of judgment from a great composer in a film revolving around classical music.) in the hands of an actor with a modicum of physical comedy timing it could have been gold, but instead it's almost reduced to a technical exercise...but the same could be said for much of the film. the idea of having the execution and resolution of harrison's fantasies dictated by the pace of the music he conducts (rossini for murder, wagner for mournful forgiveness, tchaikovsky for suicide) is inspired, but it results in scenes that feel forced, as if at the mercy of a galley slave master's drumbeat. that the scenes themselves are so predictable doesn't help, as goodwill and admiration gradually gives way to boredom in the second half...there are, however, two saving graces. one is the scene in private detective edgar kennedy's office, where harrison is furious to discover that the man he has come to castigate is a knowledgeable fan with his own tale of loss. the scene is crudely performed and reads better than it plays, but there's heart and humanity there that's lacking in too much of the rest of the film. but the film's genuine standout moment is the orchestra rehearsal, one of the best pieces of filmed musical performance in the movies, not only showing how the music is constructed but showing the life, character and human soul behind it. the loss of those qualities in the rest of the movie is all the more keenly felt in an increasingly arid and overplayed technical exercise.
"pajama girl case" italian giallo review....i haven't seen this flick yet but a cousin of mine has. this is his short review:     as a die hard giallo fan, i have been greatful to see movies of the genre beginning with mario bava to argento more contemporary giallos.  this is why i was excited to find out that blue underground recently released four new giallos.  in short i have been pleased with three of the movies but one, the pajama case.  it's starts off good but quickly fades into an unsuspensful drama.  even though there is good, charasmatic actors there is no violent deaths of any kind that i have become accustomed to.  this movie is only for the true die-hard giallo collector....
why do i need another copy of this?.added.      - 5 whole minutes .      - documentary about how to make a great movie suck by     making it a broadway production...deleted.      - karaoke version of five songs from the soundtrack: hold me now, do you really want to hurt me, every little thing she does is magic, rappers delight, white wedding..worth the extra $13 - i think not..i suppose if you are one of the four people on the planet that doesn't own this classic there is a option of which edition to purchase, for the rest of us, it's just not worth it.
tic toc...  tic toc....if you're only used to more modern westerns, this one will kill you.  it's is almost shot in real time (meaning that they show the clock constantly, and it's as slow as the movie).  sadly predictable by today's standards...the notion is unique and brilliant, but the movie isn't entertaining.  it's borderline annoying...i'm way off base compared to most reviews here, which is why i started out stating "if you're only used to modern westerns..."
up and down.when  it comes to humor jiminy glick is up and down. glick isnt really funny, instead john michael higgins' eurojerk  character provides most of the laughs. the outtakes at the end are also great. if you give this movie a chance, you'll get some laughs (not many though
stripped.unfortunately, fox skimped on this set more than they did in season 2.  basically all the music video skits are removed.  to me, they were the best part of the program.  without them, this incomplete season 2 is not worth purchasing.  fortunately, i had the forsite to rent them before purchasing, saving myself some valuable money that is better spent on blank vhs tapes to record the unedited versions off of tv
leave to fox to be villianous!  go corporate republicans!.where's the complete episodes for season 3?  after editing season 2, we now get a very edited season 3.  well, fox won't be getting my money
false advertising...?  it seems to be spreading.  we need to stop this!.this review has nothing to do with the show, per se.  it has to do with an inceasingly prevalent technique of editing out portions of the show in question, due primarily, to music rights...nowhere on the dvd box does fox say that the shows are edited.  of course, they'll claim that nowhere does it say the set contains the original broadcast episodes.  bottom line, this is misleading.  if i'm going to spend good money buying series that i remember to be funny/serious/enthralling, etc., i want to buy that series, not some post-edited version - i can get that on tv.  this bothered me some with the release of "tour of duty."  now it bothers me a whole lot more to see the "technique" spreading...bottom line, what can we do to voice our displeasure...?  should we ask amazon (who now probably has enough clout) to demand studios disclose that series/shows are not the original broadcast episodes (they make a big deal of adding content, how about making them disclose edited content)?  should we then demand amazon state on the product listing that the series has been edited...
no offense duke, but this thing was pretty bad.no offense to the duke--he was actually about the only good thing in this movie.  the dialogue was more like a stage play--very stilted and unrealistic.  harry morgan's marshall character was an over the top joke...the timeline was a joke too--it takes place over 5 days, and by day 3, everyone is completely attached to the duke's character...the blood in the gunfight scenes looked like melted pink taffy--it was awful...i don't know why everyone gave this 5 stars--sentimentality for john wayne i suppose, which i can understand.  but it doesn't excuse the terrible screenplay, bad acting, or lousy effects
not even funny-bad......just bad.it's tough to know which is worse in this film:  the directing, the script or the actors.  betty hutton (who ever told this woman she could act???) plays all her scenes as if she were on the stage of the radio city music hall:  shouting and grimacing.  charlton heston is slightly better altho he seems to be tortured and constipated.  cornell wilde simply smirks.  the extras and day players are just as awful as the principals.  is it possible to rate a film less than one star
ok movie but not close to being great.cecil b. demille can bring big flashy expensive movies to life and he dose it in this movie. the acting is ok but not great but mostly becouse of the bad dialoge and the early-career of most of the actors like charlton heston as the circus manager, then there is betty hutton as trapeze artistes who is the best thing about this movie then there is james stewart who steals away allt he sence he is in as he plays a clown who--for mysterious reasons--never removes his makeup. this is not a great film but has moments that are good the best part is the last 15 minutes. james stewert and betty hutton also save this movie with great acting. the movie won the best picture at the oscars.
boring strange, and cheap.this is a the definition of a bad movie.  many argue that asain horror is on a different level than american horror well asia has there flops too and this is one of them.  the whole movie is cheaply made, badly plotted, and overall just plain campy.  there is nothing to like in this movie and no reason at all to watch or to buy
could have been better....finally rented this movie cuz i heard so much about it but i was disappointed. had a good premise but just didnt go anywhere..not really scary but had some creepy parts... i say rent first before buying..
huh?.some guy kills himself on the subway while i video tape it.  now i want to see fear. what he saw before he killed himself. i will go on some psyhedelic mind trip to an underworld and bring back a naked girl to my apartment.  i will cut myself and let her drink my blood.  then she disappears so i go back to the underworld and there she is naked and chained to a rock with a video camera filming me.  ugggggggghhhhhhhh  i'm going crazy.  the end...that's about as much sense as this movie makes.  what a complete waste of my time and i love japanese horror and supernatural films
uhh...lets see.what should i say about this film....certainly not the best japanese movie i have ever seen. i wont say it was totally confusing...but pretty confusing. i must have lost track when i dozed off for like 5min.... my mom told me when i awoke tht i missed nothing. i was totally bored. and they had a slight twist which was soso. i am giving it two stars simply because it had a small twist and  it was by a good director. thankyou for reading
neh.i don't speak japanese and had to watch this movie in english subtitles, i'm thinking maybe something was lost in translation.  the general idea of the nature of fear is an intresting one, however the plot is brutally slow, and all over the map, there are some amusing elements new perspective on hell, as well as a link between fear and sanity/wisdom, however the movie fails to really explore or stick with any of these ideas.  the ending is very perdictible i saw it coming 5 minutes into the film, minues the vampire, come on a vampire, one wonders what the writer was thinking.  there is a mild twist towards the end but nothing as good as the twist in the ring, or the sixth sense...this movie could have been good lots of good ideas, but spread way to thin, but i suppose that is the nature of movies that are made in 8 days.  ..i think this movie is suppose to be a horror movie, i am not immune to fear, i enjoyed "the ring" and found it very terrifying, the movies has images that burn into your mind, some even made me express shock.  marebito i watched alone at 1am in the morning in the dark nothing in this movie will scare you,  startle you, or make you sleep anyless easy.
do not see the movie.beside sorum another tartan asia extreme movie. this is by far one of the worst movie i have ever seen. the movie also has no plot! in another hand if you like to see a movie full of gruesome pictures like a man stabbing himself or like the movie tomie then this is the right movie for you, but i really think this is a very poor movie! so save your money and do not buy this movie
is everyone crazy?.how in the world is this movie getting such great reviews? for starters, it's not a horror film... despite constanly being rated one of the best horror films ever made. i've coughed up scarier stuff than this. ..basically, if you want to fall asleep watching a movie then this is the one to get. there is a pretty disturbing 20 minute gorefest at the end. if you're into that then you might like the movie. otherwise, avoid this movie like the plague
why couldn't this have been a short film?!?.thank gawd for tivo!  it took me 3 days to finish this film.  i'm surprised i didn't delete it after the first stop.  i guess because i thought *audition* would finally have something that would have made it worth watching.  not!..it was long and boring.  the movie didn't get interesting (if you can call it that) until the last half hour or so...7 years after his wife has passed away, aoyama decides to date again.  upon a plan devised with a friend, aoyama holds an audition.  after interviewing 30 women, he chooses asami, a former ballerina with an abused childhood...however, aoyama's friend investigates asami's background and presents the inconsistencies to aoyama.  of course, being infatuated with asami, aoyama ignores his friend's findings.  this is where aoyama gets in trouble...i still cannot believe i didn't delete this movie after the first stop.  sigh..
are you kidding me?.i saw this movie about two weeks ago and i can't believe how disappointed i am for this. i was expecting fireworks; instead i got a truckload of bad karma on my head. not only that but it maybe the most over-the-top film i ever saw and it will be on my list of the worst movies i ever saw. to begin with half of the characters die in this film and i was like 'what is the meaning?' then there's the film's signature moment in which sinatra wakes up from his nightmare and they do it in such a matter that they put his face right at the camera. again i said to myself, 'what's the point?' and then there's the chilling climax which would be totally ripped off a year later by the kennedy assassination-from the scoped rifle right down to james gregory's character getting shot in the head. in one of the documentries to this dvd director william fredkin says that there is no doubt this movie caused lee harvey oswald to kill president kennedy because 'oswald realized that he was raymond shaw.' if he's right that raises the question: did he do it by his beliefs or did someone push him over? then fredkin ends his obseravation by saying that the release of "the manchurian candidate" and the death of president kennedy are the two events that made the 1960's what it is and why people today (including me) are still obessed with that decade. in conclusion, i think this was a big disappoinment. and this movie is on the list of afi's 100 greatest films? please.
pathetic.the plot of this movie is mostly ridiculous, but for the camera "work" i have only one word: pathetic. there must be about a thousand cuts in this film, but i doubt that there are more than seven shots in which the camera does not shake, wobble, totter, or stagger in a most moronic way. incredible
f*ck this dvd.this freaking dvd has about ten minutes of previews that are unskippable and cannot be fast forwarded! dvd skip and needs restarting? sit through the previews again...want to finish the movie a different day? sit through the previews again.....this is unacceptable these days...it is made worse by the fact that this is a rather mediocre movie about an amazing subject
movie doesn't compare to the hottie bettie.i think this movie you don't get a feel of bettie. to me on a scale of 1 to 10 i rate a 3 what made the movie a flop was the black and white trying to make it look old but instead made it look low budget to film to me they also made her seem timid and i don't belive she was at all timid or to incoccent it's kinda giving you not the real thing or image you want to see in her .i feel it was also slow jumping around to much no points or true facts. i was not at all pleased with this film however mol is a good actress funny faces only good thing about this film ...not worth buying ..
nevermore!!!.this movie is so off target. it wants to be a clever thriller/mystery but there are no thrills and the only mystery is when will this junk end. it was written by william katt who's claim to fame is the 80's tv show greatest america hero. unless you thought that was great emmy worthy tv you will not want to see this
a pathetic, juvenile movie.i wasn't going to review this, but once i saw 4 positive reviews, i knew i had to. this is without question the worst movie i have ever seen. the storyline is laughable, the acting is atrocious, and the camera work looks like a 2nd grader did it. a high school football player with a drunk mother graduates from high school going nowhere. he robs a house with his friend and is arrested. his punishment is to block for a charity football team. he doesn't fit in from the beginning. the other players hate him, and his attitude ticks off the coach. not a bad premise. however, it gets worse from there. he falls in love with a girl who works in the cafeteria. she rejects him. .i could go on all day. the point is, riley smith is a terrible actor. i didn't believe his character for one minute. meredith monroe is even worse. her voice tone never changes. she is completly monontone the entire movie. we watched this movie in sociology class, and after one day, our teacher gave up and told us to keep watching it just so we could make fun of it. by the way, even the music they use in the movie sucks. i used to think from justin to kelly was the worst movie i had ever seen, but after seeing full ride, i could watch from justin to kelly nonstop for 3 days. watching this movie was torture.
for song  dance fans only.for those like me who are exploring the world of old movies for the first time, there is an excellent list at the ny times website called "the 1000 best films ever made."  this is one of those films, and i'm enjoying following their recommendations as opposed to just clicking on tcm or amc and seeing whatever's on...but that doesn't mean i always agree with those recommendations.  i'm not particularly a fan of this genre, so it takes something really special to appeal to me.  if this describes you too, skip "silk stockings" and go directly to fred  ginger's earlier films "top hat" and "swing time."  although this film with fred  cyd charisse has its moments (janis paige gets some laughs, charisse has a terrific solo dance number where her dour communist character finally gets into those silk stockings, and this is the only place you'll ever see peter lorre sing and dance), ultimately it just drags.  one could never say that about the above-mentioned fred  ginger classics...even the score by the legendary cole porter has zero memorable tunes...again, unless this type of film is your cup of tea, in which case it'll appeal to you.  as for me, by the final half-hour i was continually amazed the film wasn't over yet, as another scene and then yet another scene started up while i was hoping for "the end."  and it's actually surprising to me to find that this film is considered a comedy; other than paige, i got zero laughs out of it.  and astaire, now middle-aged in 1957, is a shadow of his former self.  ultimately i just shut it off before the ending because i was falling asleep, so even though the film has its moments i give it only one star.  a sleeping pill deserves no more
great film - poor quality master!.received this great musical on dvd the other day to enhance my collection and was disappointed to find the picture quality substantially inferior to my identical television recording and only a slight improvement upon an old video tape of the same film. digital enhancement would appear to be needed in this particular case
silk stockings.fred and cyd were never singers or actors; they should have stuck to what they knew best....dancing!  cole porter was not at his peak when he wrote the score for this amateurish box office failure.  and those accents
very poor, one to avoid.i watched this film after reading a number of positive reviews. even allowing for the fact that eastern european cinema is never going to set the world alight, this is a pathetic effort.  ..the characters are extraordinarily wooden; stereotypes with truly awful dialogue.  other than the main character pulling more and more comical faces as the "horror" unfolds, there is very little to hold one's attention.  the one genuine attempt to capture the true horrors of war, when the germans massacre the inhabitants of a village using the time-honoured (stereotyped?) method of hurding everyone into a church and setting it alight, also fails due to the awful acting and inane attempts by the director to add gravitas.  as a result, the scene basically fails.  incidentally, it is far from clear why the germans spare our "hero" after holding a gun to his head and posing for the cameras (scene from the box front).  ..the direction takes one further dive with the farcial ending scenes following the capture of some german soldiers.  ..overall, this film is total rubbish, certainly not worthy of comparison with other war films that genuinely depict some real horrors. very difficuelt to sit through, but not for the reasons intended. one to miss
come and see.i paid $26.00 for this movie and don't have a clue what is was about, not a clue.  absolute garbage, i own 150 war movie dvds and i won't even let this one take up space on my dvd rack.  into the trash it goes.
don't waste your time !.i recommend you to not waste your time watching this movie. i'm a huge fan of christian and biblical movies, but this "acts" movie is a shame, it's ridiculous! there's an other film that i fully recommend: "the gospel of john", this one worths to be watched. the peace of the lord be with you
mr sam.the whole movie was good and word for word with the bible.the issue that i have is the acting played by james brolin did not show peter as commanding.also it seemed to me that there were not enough back ground actors.it was kind of dull
perhaps the worst movie i've seen in 20 years.let me just start by saying that i am very open to different styles of films and different approaches. i am also a very big fan of the genres of horror or suspence. having said that, this film basically took the approach of shooting several incoherent scenes(since when is it terrifying to just shake the camera around and use lame camecorder type effects to create terror)of it's protagonist walking around or laying in bed. trust me when i say that those who liked this film must have been drunk, and basically chalked up the shotty story to their inebriation(sorry folks no one understands this film, even sober)or simply trying to rectify to themselves their having wasted money and time on this movie...i won't go into what it's about too much as you can read the other reviews on that. let me say that this film fails in all of the following areas...suspense-there isn't much suspense over the initial 45 minutes of the protagonist simply acting weird, thinking weird things, or dreaming of weird things. so what?..story-did these guys write this story in seperate parts, throw them together and kill their editor? this had to be the most inchorent pile of garbage every considered a story to be on a movie screen, or tv screen for that matter. i actually looked at my watch several times and thought, "they don't have much time left to get to some point or go somewhere with this film."..acting-it was overdone and humurous(when it wasn't supposed to be)...direction-convinced there was no director...basically over and over during the film, my wife and i kept saying, "this is really stupid." i think we finished the film as a badge of honor of sorts. we made it into a funny psuedo myster science theater-look at this pile of garbage type event...i've only seen maybe one or two other films in my life that were this bad...i plead with the director, just because you got a camcorder for christmas doesn't make you a movie maker. not a legit one...to wrap this up, the ending of the film was such a freaking predictable letdown, that i laughed out loud, then thought back to all of the ridiculous scenes that had nothing to do with it. ..actually this film did make me laugh. so it got a star for that...should've known better though. any film which has it's packaging try to explain itself so much on the back of the box probably has it's reasons for doing so...because the film will make no sense otherwise
worthless.i'm an avid horror movie goer. my taste in horror flicks may not be the best, i'll admit i am a little picky, but they still have to be worth watching. this movie has no redeeming qualities to it whatsoever. i watched it with a group of people and by the first five minutes none of us knew what was going on, yet the ending was easily predictable. it was one of the worst horror flicks i've ever seen. i wouldn't recommend even renting it
observation.notice how ever single positive review was made on either april 5th or april 11th?  and notice how this movie is the only one each of them have ever reviewed on amazon?  is that not vaguely suspicious?  i guess the only way to sell a crappy movie is by posting fake reviews.
even gina philips can't save this movie!  that's bad!.ring around the rosie is just not that good.  i really don't know if it was the script or the director, so i'll just blame both of them...i've never heard of rubi zack.  not even sure if that's a man or a woman's name.  i see no other films that zack has directed that i have heard of.  i bet there is a reason for that...alex barder, i am not trying to be mean, but maybe you should find another craft.  writing a movie where the same thing happens over and over and over is jut not good writing...ditto to the other writer of this film:  jim suthers..okay, now a bright spot about this movie.  gina philips is beautiful, a good actress, and cannot be blamed for the poor quality of the script or direction of this production.  she works hard to make her character believable; a woman who faces a less than pleasant past with a great deal of uncertainty and anxiety.  her character is always experiencing flashbacks and haunt-backs throughout the film...randall batinkoff turns in the worst performance of his career.  his character, the main character's boyfriend, is not even remotely interesting or convincing.  ..jenny mollen is not so bad in this film...tom who?  rent lock up, sizemore is really good in that!  just kidding, please don't kill me, tom...ring around the rosie reminds me of why i think i have a shot as a writer.  if this script was made into a movie, anything is possible.  however, i guess it is quite possible that the director made this the tragedy it became...see ya next review.
horror-able, just horror-able.what in the world is going on? that's the question you will ask yourself many times during this movie. we laughed so often during this movie at how stupid it was and how little sense it made throughout...save your money. don't waste your time. the movie was seriously bad...just horror-able
fading rosie.sigh....here we go again.  another supposed thriller that leaves everything to the viewer's discretion to determine what the heck we just wasted our money on.  gina phillips stars as a young girl who inherits her grandparents' summer home, where obviously something spooky happened when gina was a girl.  she has a livein boyfriend, of course and her younger sister shows up, as does a mysterious handyman who plays some part in the mystery.  the real mystery is why movies like these continue to get made.  no payoff and what has happened by the end is never explained to its audience.  tom sizemore mimics rod steiger in his performance and randall batinkoff as the boyfriend is wasted.  no shocks..no thrills.  no good!!
good grief.yet another it-was-all-in-his/her-head movie.  i don't know why they classified this as a supernatural thriller.  i'd call it a psychological thriller, though i was not very thrilled by any of it.  it eventually had some interesting parts, but parts are all they were.  the majority of the movie felt like pieced-together bits with a cheap, extremly disappointing ending.  i was hoping the caretaker had some mental powers, like astral projection, which some of the bits would have supported, but no such luck.  i have no love for movies that end up being all someone's psychosis, but i can tolerate them if the psycho trip is at least interesting.  her's was not... except for a few tiny bits.  in short: fragmented, slow, boring, ultimately predictable (regarding what kind of movie it turns out to be), disappointing....  and it took five writers to bring all of that.  i give them each 1/5 of a star
run like the wind.the producers, director, cameraman (i know there was only one), everybody associated with this... this... whatever this is have got to be kidding me, right? for that matter all the reviewers who say how "like totally awesome" it was have got to be kidding me. ..oscar? maybe in the next world...i rented this for 1.50, and i still feel like i was ripped off...run, people. run away
don't be fooled: this is a terrible film.frankly, i was fooled by all the positive reviews.  in short: this film is incredibly repetitive, and relies on actors and computerized imagery. the producers and writers are not well informed about the camps, and appear to be blissfully unaware of all the incredible, shocking footage that is available--for almost none of that footage appears in this film. the writers and producers are also unaware of what led to the creation of the gas chambers, such as the fact that nazi soldiers were breaking down, crying, etc., after hours of shooting innocent people, whereas himmler turned green and nearly got sick when some brain matter splashed on his uniform. himmler decided there must be a more humane way of killing--more humane for the nazis.  likewise, this film completely ignores hitler and fails to address hitler's reasons for hating the jews, and the influence of the defeats in russia on the decision to begin mass extermination. instead, we get banal generalities, computerized images, modern landscapes, and actors smoking cigars, staring at maps, and riding in cars.  the film completely loses sight of the big picture and instead focuses on minutia and the irrelevant. the makers of this film are also obviously uncomfortable with the horrors of the camps, because they try to avoid it and instead focus on the irrelevant.  i've seen several documentaries where witnesses and victims provide incredibly gripping, horrifying accounts of what took place. by contract, most of the "victims" interviewed for this film are not believable and claimed first hand knowledge of events they could not have witnessed or persons (e.g. dr. mengel) whom they could never have met--unless of course, you wish to believe these witnesses were able to freely roam about the camp, offices, and medical labs, as if they were on a college campus instead of in a concentration camp.   i am also sorry to report that linda hunt's (the narrator's) condescending, faux-intellectual voice, in my opinion, is very irratating. i've seen dozens of superior documentaries. don't be fooled into buying this overly long, repetitive, and often quite boring pseudo-documentary.
history from a shy woman's perspective.this documentary should have been called "auschwitz - with all the icky parts removed."  we learn almost nothing about the true horrors that went on in that place.  instead of photos and film clips from the era, we mostly get actors doing reenactments.  one example: the film makers spend an inordinate amount of time trying to engage our sympathies for the poor women who populated the camp's brothel.  true, they lived in comfortable rooms and had nice clothes and plenty to eat, but they (sob) have to have sex (sob) with men!  give me a break.  i kept wondering about all the women who were being gassed and cremated next door, and shouldn't we feel worse for them, but the actual killing of people was one of the icky parts the documentary doesn't talk much about.  candy-ass tripe.
i can see why they weren't heroes.how can a movie be this bad with so much talent? chris farley made movies funny that would have been horrible if it weren't for him  (i liked beverly hills ninja, so there). now here is a movie starring farley, matthew perry, and eugene levy and is directed by comic genius christopher guest (this is spinal tap, waiting for guffman, best in show, a mighty wind), and it is just not funny. its entire base is toilet jokes, and not even funny ones.. anyway, here's the plot: drunkard bartholomew hunt (farley) is about to be hung when leslie edwards (perry) saves his life with a proposal to beat lewis  clark to the pacific. they hire a crude cast of characters as their crew: a jealous frenchman (levy) with a pocahontas-like wife who falls for edwards; a poor man named bidwell who gets mauled by a bear, loses his ear, and basically goes from 'hell and back,' as he puts it; and so many others, one who wants to see the pacific before he dies, another who enjoys a fine helping of sheep sh*t, and a priest who of course turns out to be a coward. these men face bears, rapids, natives, conquistadors (led by kevin dunn, poor man), and protective hawks.. i suppose this could have been funny, since the writers obviously did their homework, knowing facts about lewis  clark and mocking them (the pocahontas character; the man who offers the explorers women, here made of straw, ha ha; the rapids; the sickness, which afflicts edwards, so hunt has to get a hawk egg to save him, and so on). yet the jokes they use to mock it with are lame and obvious. and the ones that are funny are made unfunny by how they are stretched to stupidity (the straw women is funny until they are burned, then one of the men saves one and eats it). i also pity christopher guest's pals who make appearances (levy, lewis arquette as the man who gives them the straw women, harry shearer narrates the opening), but only levy does enough to cause embarrassment (although he has one of the few funny moments, with the immortal line "whose idea was the corn?"). so what i'm trying to say is, why did a funny guy like chris farley have to make this his last movie, lame (...)and feces jokes galore? yet this is only levy's second worst movie (cough, american pie: band camp, cough). that's scary, folks
worst film ever?.it would be interesting to know at what point in the film the actors realised they were making one of the biggest turkeys of all time. they keep looking shocked and saying 'oh my god'- for the first two minutes of the film this comes across as simple overacting but from a few moments in even matthew perry must have asked himself 'what am i doing? i don't even need the money!' this is a truly awful film- on all levels. even the stuffed eagle is dreadful. difficult to find a saving grace in it. if you think it's funny you must be warped. avoid like the plague.
original is better~!.if you want uncut original version, always look for original licensed production. not us release. its a foreign film, it should not be us version to begin with~! hello!!!?? why settle for less with us version where they edit and cut so many excellent scenes especially with jackie's fighting scenes. and us release ruins the speed and sound as well. i have been collecting jet li movies both hk and us release version for quite some time now. i found hk version to be much more in enjoyable, and higher in quality. american market always like to "americanize" and "control". regional code regulation thing is one of the example to control the market. why not let everyone enjoy the same hk original release move the same way rest of the world enjoys it ?? no one makes hollywood american movies to "french version" or "chinese version" ~! this what americans are doing~! well, enjoy the cheap "american version" then~! lo
the master killer vs. some dude in a chicken outfit....this ho-hum actioner from hk starts off like shogun assassin, you know, the kid must choose...blahblah blah.  jet li runs into the master killer, playing some priest of some lotus...blah blah blah....suddenly you are at the end of the movie.  master killer and his lotu crew have taken on a giant centipede costume, defeating all others at some festival.  then jet li arrives dressed as a chicken.  how kfc missed such a product placement opportunity is way beyond me.  my brother loves this film.  i hate it.  it's corny.  the action is mediocre at best, mixing with a tired old storyline.  save your moolah.
great costumes; odd plot-- disappointed at ormewood terrace..i absolutely love period movies and the effort taken to make this film was extraordinary. as much as i am about to share with you my disappointment with the film-- i did not want it to end. but perhaps therein lies the problem. maybe i am missing a disc or so (or maybe amazon should make it clear that it is only making available, in the disc set, the first few episodes of the series) but what was provided in this set leaves a plethora of unresolved issues. the major downfall of the series for me was the role and actual acting of the central protaganist, molly gibson (played by justine waddell). her character was so unrelentingly judgmental and self righteous that i think it comprised the entire enjoyability of the storyline. perhaps ms. waddell indeed played the part of molly gibson artfully but it was without resolution or development. there was no complexity to her character. the last disc leaves you wondering -- so, does it ever come out that molly is in love with the archeologist? does he marry her beautiful sister? i love drama and there was a lot of drama present in the series -- however it was like drama without a purpose. the entire cast was all dressed up with no where to go. in sum, very, very disappointing. the very first 45 minutes of the first dvd is unforgivably boring and then after you will be positively glued to the program. always waiting for resolution of some problem or issue. it rarely comes i tell you and before you know it you will be knogging your brain about the turn out of some new matter. for the money and time investment --maybe take a pass or definitely purchase used. very used.
i gave it a chance but....i have not heard much good about final fantasy unlimited, but i decided to give the show a chance since i am a final fantasy fan. the show did bring in many bits and pieces from the game series such as chocobos, the character cid, many summon creatures, and did a pretty good job with the fantasy setting. another positive for the show is the voice acting is overall, very good. the voices fits with the characters and the dubbing is well done. unfortunatley, these are only good remarks i have about the show...what is wrong with the show- quite a few things. first of all, the animation is odd. the combination of 3d graphics and 2d graphics did not fit together. also, many different animation sequences were used over and over again through the entire show. the show would have been better if all their time was spent on the 2d animation- adding shading, looking to see if characters looked proportional, and definitely better character design. of all the anime shows i have seen, this series takes the cake for the worst looking characters. i'm not talking about the main characters for they are fine, but the secondary characters and enemys look like they belong in a kiddy show. because of this horrible character design, it was difficult for me to get into the show. here is an example- the army of good guys are dressed in gray body suits with bulky black gloves, boots, and hoods; they have no muscle or facial definition at all and some of them appear fat; worst of all were their weapons- long pipes with which they blow darts out of. i often found myself laughing at the characters since they looked too ridiculous to be menacing or realistic...another big problem with the show was it became very predictable. in every single show, an enemy attacks the good guys and kaze uses his weapon, the magon, to save the day. the show quickly became boring. what annoyed me the most was the overkill with the chocobo pulling the little heroine girl's piggy tails. it wasn't funny the first time and it was dang annoying by the tenth time. another predictable thing was each time the show showed the evil emperor, he was eating some odd meal and loosely going over their evil plans. the writers had plenty of things to go more deeply into such as the conflict with makenshi and his brother, kaze's past and romance. i have seen tid bits of the manga and i believe a lot was left out...speaking of leaving things out, this is the last problem i had with final fantasy unlimited. at the end, there are many things i wanted to find out, mostly who died and who survived the final battle. it is left unknown if the kids, their parents, and the other main characters survived the ordeal and return home. also, the show never tells if the destroyed planets are restored. then there is the whole thing about the horrible monster omega and how his crystal fragments are scattered about wonderland. the show needed an extra episode or two to tie up these loose ends...i came with low expectations for the show and even then i was still disappointed. i highly suggest you don't waste your money on buying the dvd set or renting it
this less-than-professional american release from sony should only be rented if you have to have english dubbing.first of all.  i give this movie a rating of 4 stars..it's this sony dvd released version that i give only a one star rating...this movie is a lot better than some of you people (who just want action and not historical drama) are giving it credit for.  and this film is not going to intrigue you if you are someone with a short attention span who only hoped to rely on "dumbed-down" english dubbing...i've rented both the american (sony) release (with 5.1 english dubbing, and 2.0 korean), and the hong kong original (modern audio international ltd.) with no english dubbing but well done english subtitles. as well as the dubbing being 5.1 in both korean and cantonese...a bad video transfer, reduced sound quality, and bad subtitles, can all contribute to making a movie undesirable...so now, this is what everyone probably wants to know:..the hong kong original from modern international ltd (ved19104), is the one that you will want to buy.  the video quality is excellent (sometimes it seems a little yellowed but the definition remains sharp) and the sound quality is in room-consuming 5.1 surround sound stereo in korean and cantonese...here, on amazon, the modern international ltd version is just called "musa"..this sony version is just called "the warrior"..the same film, only a big difference in quality...i can tell on some of these reviews here, that some people have watched the modern version and some have watched the sony version.  but praise consistently goes to the modern international ltd version.  ..try this. rent the sony version first if you have to watch it with english dubbing.  this may help some of you slower people (don't be ashamed) to understand the film, although much of its important intricate dialogue and overall appeal will be lost in this version.  then rent or buy the modern international ltd version.  all the film's true splendor will blow you away, and you'll just have to depend on subtitles to get you through it.  but, it's worth it! ..plus, the modern international ltd version comes in a beautiful multi-fold box with some embossed chinese print.  truly, a beautiful collector's item.
three stars for ambition... one star for execution, let's just split the difference..if you want to see a contemporary teen remake of a shakespeare play, don't bother with this mess that is loosely (very loosely) based on "twelfth night".  amanda bynes is cute, and maybe she's a good actress, but to tell you the truth with the script and direction that she was given to work with, we may never know...the names are the same as the characters from shakespeare, and the basic premise of a woman pretending to be a man is there.  but the elizabethan era viola, sebastian, olivia and duke orsino have a much, much more coherent story line.  here, viola is moved to assume a masculine identity so she can play soccer.  but oops, while she plays well against the girls or in her bikini against the boys, she seems to lose all ability once she tries out for the boys varsity...if watching a goofball comedy, with attractive teenagers is what you're looking for, be my guest, just don't expect even the semblance of believability.  if you would rather see a decent attempt (not a great attempt mind you, but a decent one), check out "ten things i hate about you" for an american teen update on "taming of the shrew."  at least that one has julia stiles and heath ledger!
billabong odyssey.big build-up,but doesn't deliver the goods.even though there.is some big surf,the quality of the surf and surfing is very.mediocre
last stand at saber river.we never got to see the movie as both copies of this dvd that we ordered had problems and would not play on any dvd player we owned.  amazon.com was very kind in crediting us for both bad copies and even gave us a coupon for a discount on a future purchase for our inconvenience.  (great customer service!)  you might like to know that we found a copy of this movie at a local retailer and it would not work either.  maybe it's a manufacturing defect.  ..thanks for asking.  it's nice to be able to voice an opinion.
bad dvd printing.purchsed this item as a gift for christmas. the dvd was bad, and would not play. amazon sent another right away, so customer service was excellent. however, the second one did not play either. this time, amazon failed to follow up after we notified them of the failure of the second dvd. we still have a dvd that does not work. and after requesting a label to send it back, we have not heard from amazon since..first time we ever had a bad product, and also the first time amazon has failed to assist us in getting a replacment or refund.
dolby digital 1.0 audio does not cut it..the single star here goes to warner. i was so disappointed with pat g.  billy the kid and its mono soundtrack. here you have dylan and that great music in "glorious" mono. doesn't cut it for a special edition disk in my opinion. others may not care...just know what you're paying your hard earned dollars for. no doubt we'll see another release in the future with "all new digitally re-mastered audio". after all, it seems the industry is all about making the consumer buy the same product multiple times...5 stars for sam, 1 star for warner
disappointed.i bought this dvd for my boyfriend who wants to do yoga with me but is not as flexible as i am. i also purchased it because of the high rating it received and the fact that it was given a positive review by yoga journal. i was really disappointed with the production quality and the sequencing of of this dvd. it's hard to focus on getting the pose right when the the description the voice is giving doesn't match the picture on the screen. i ended up listening to the instructor and ignoring the picture on the screen...i do like the fact that they show you different angles of the pose so you can see the shape that you are working towards. ..i will keep the dvd for reference purposes only when i have questions about poses. i like the yoga zone series much better. they have a nice flowing series of 20 and 30 minute sessions that i can easily fit into my busy schedule.
0 stars.this is one of the 2 very disappointing purchases of yoga dvds i've made in the last few months (the other being introduction to yoga: gentle, for extreme beginners or something like that).  although the dvd identifies yoga poses, i would not go so far as calling this a yoga dvd.  yoga is more than just a collection of poses presented in a lifeless manner by a lifeless model and voice-over, which this dvd does.  when i first opened it and put it on, i thought i received the wrong dvd...aside from being lifeless and extremely slow, there is no flow at all.  there are no warm-ups, which are very important if you want to avoid injuries, nor cool-downs, which are as important as the warm-up.  the viewer will not progress, even if he uses this dvd everyday. ..it would make better sense for the dvd to have been called a description of some yoga poses, so that at least one is advised that this is not a dvd for serious yoga practice.  ..if i had begun my yoga with this dvd, i would have been forever discouraged from pursuing, and thereby missing out on, one of the healthiest and oldest fitness philosophies and sytems.  if you want to start practicing yoga, you are better off buying a well-written book to study the poses and then going to a yoga class or buying well-thought of, well-made, well-presented and real yoga dvds.  ..if i could give this 0 or negative stars, i would.
misleading title.i may have misunderstood the title, but i thought that it would be for people, who are not as agile, as they once were..in this video, you need to purchase items from them, to do the excercises with any success. i have tried it 3 times, and it will go to a yard sale
bad tv at its best!.thank goodness this show was cancelled. this is one terrible show, full of bad language, blasphemy as well as a repetitive storyline. the main character cant get beyond the point that she is dead and episode after episode you have to look at bad acting. is it a funny show? if only, i didnt even give a grin at the stupid jokes. this is one series you can definitely do withou
long extended trailer for book.seems like one long advert for the book. the fast mtv-style editing doesn't allow the viewer to grasp the details in various techniques introduced. save your money on this one ladies
ultra-stylish modern-day noir with a too convoluted story (and a surprise twist).they say brian de palma's `femme fatale' has a very tricky plot. it is true that the plot has a big twist, but i am not allowed to reveal it, so let me only say this. whether or not you like the film depends on the incredibly convoluted story. i thought it is overcooked, way too much for me to take. but you might feel differently. well, but who can tell? ..all i can say with confidence is that `femme fatale' is a noir, or dark crime thriller that features a beautiful but dangerous woman laure (rebecca romijn-stamos). at the 2001 cannes film festival (and the scenes were shot during the real premier showing of `east-west') laure and other robbers try to pull off a heist. ..after outwitting other gangsters, laure becomes another person named lily. but how? you might not believe me, but she was so lucky that she could find an exact look-alike of her, and no one suspects the truth! well, seven years later laure is still doing this masquerading game successfully until one cameraman nicholas (antonio baderas) takes a photo of her face, which makes the cover of a magazine. now intrigues, blackmails, shootings, etc. ensue...as the film's title suggests, `femme fatale' has references to crime thrillers like `double indemnity' some might remember hitchcock's `vertigo' for the very obvious reason. watching someone through a camera is a familiar theme to this genre (`rear window') and brian de palma himself has used it several times in his career. there are interesting details - laure's hair, repeated images and hidden meaning of water and clock, for instance - and there is even split screen, signature technique of de palma. like his previous films (no, i'm not talking about `mission to mars' or `mission impossible'), `femme fatale' needs repeated viewings. ..but for the following two reasons, i don't think many would watch it more than once. one is the weakness of the acting of the leading lady rebecca romijn-stamos. i hear the contrary opinion about her, and i confess that my judgment about acting is totally subjective, but it is clear, i think, that she is no barbara stanwyck. i am not saying that rebecca romijn-stamos is not sexy - she is - but not good and seductive enough to call her femme fatale who can seduce a man and a woman alike (yes, look at the opening sequence, where some might have guilty pleasure like me)...and the other reason is the twist that comes later in the film. please see for yourself. for all the smooth camerawork of de palma, and the beautiful photography of thierry arbogast (`the fifth element') and score of ryuichi sakamoto (`the last emperor') i felt i was cheated in the end. i never thought it is coming. but is it my fault that i didn't expect it? ..`femme fatale' has stylish images and good soundtrack, but the script is too smart for its own good
a disaster..this film has many, many interesting ideas in it. i think it has an original cast of characters. i admire brian depalma for making his own brand of films...unfortunately, "femme fatale" is one of those films that will do anything to twist the plot in an alternate direction --disorienting the audience and supposedly giving the film depth. alas, you need a strong plot in order to do this (see memento) effectively. what's worse, other than the major twists (the biggest of which is just goofy), there are way, way, way too many coincidences and visual gags which just pollute things further...depalma has had this problem with many of his films. one that comes to ming is "obsession". twists work best when there are 1,2, maybe 3 -- such as in "dressed to kill"...the set-pieces themselves do not approach his best work, and stamos is unendearing, almost irritatingly vulgar and nasty at times. in order to be a "femme fatale" she should be able to work both sides flawlessly
near sighted marketing.....if sony was really serious about giving spider-man 1 and 2 a great dvd release, why not just a three set dvd boxed set.  with the first two disks being the movies and the thrid disk would have all the bonus features on them.   to release this, while seperate dvd editions of the movies are already on the market, is both foolish and  stupid.   foolish and stupid is what i would call some of the comic book artists reviewed on these dvd's.  in "spider-man; the mythology of the 21rst century, most of the "talent" reviewed are either artists who have not worked at marvel in years (what makes them fit to talk about spidey?) or they did spider-man comics that were not well received by the readers.  a few were even fired from marvel for trying to take the comics in directions that were not in the best interests of the company.   thankfully on the spidey disk two; they stuck more with just the production of the movie and only about three comic book writers/artists were reviewed.  these were the real talent at marvel and cared both about spidey and his fans
promises more than it delivers.tonight i "made it through" macumba sexual. ..actually, it's not the worst franco i've seen (oasis of the zombies), but in an 80 minute sex film you know your in trouble when your longing for more shots of the beauteous landscapes. ..i'm open to debate about franco's talent or maybe lack of effort at this time in his career, but lina romay just doesn't have whatever enigmatic allure franco assigns to her in these roles, and this time it's all the more apparent since ajita wilson as the voodoo sex queen, is kind of a trip to behold. by contrast romay is dumpy and unconvincing as she schleps about in camel-toe shorts, writhes in endless ecstasy wearing only a thrift-store wig, or periodically shrieks in horror at a constantly reappearing voodoo fetish, which honest-to-god looks like a splayed rubber chicken with an erection. i think we're also supposed to be spooked by it too, but it's hard for me to imagine anyone not giggling at it's absurd appearance...scenes of the towering wilson walking her leashed, nude sex-slaves across the desert sand-dunes are great, and i can see why they chose that image for the box cover, but that's pretty much the best of it. i guess since i heard of this outing as being one of franco's "fever dreams" i was expecting some more visually bewildering, disorientating fun. franco's pan-and-zoom technique doesn't bug me the way it does some, and he does swing some pretty nice compositions of desert terrain, which the quality of this transfer admirably displays.
i gave it a chance but....i have not heard much good about final fantasy unlimited, but i decided to give the show a chance since i am a final fantasy fan. the show did bring in many bits and pieces from the game series such as chocobos, the character cid, many summon creatures, and did a pretty good job with the fantasy setting. another positive for the show is the voice acting is overall, very good. the voices fits with the characters and the dubbing is well done. unfortunatley, these are only good remarks i have about the show...what is wrong with the show- quite a few things. first of all, the animation is odd. the combination of 3d graphics and 2d graphics did not fit together. also, many different animation sequences were used over and over again through the entire show. the show would have been better if all their time was spent on the 2d animation- adding shading, looking to see if characters looked proportional, and definitely better character design. of all the anime shows i have seen, this series takes the cake for the worst looking characters. i'm not talking about the main characters for they are fine, but the secondary characters and enemys look like they belong in a kiddy show. because of this horrible character design, it was difficult for me to get into the show. here is an example- the army of good guys are dressed in gray body suits with bulky black gloves, boots, and hoods; they have no muscle or facial definition at all and some of them appear fat; worst of all were their weapons- long pipes with which they blow darts out of. i often found myself laughing at the characters since they looked too ridiculous to be menacing or realistic...another big problem with the show was it became very predictable. in every single show, an enemy attacks the good guys and kaze uses his weapon, the magon, to save the day. the show quickly became boring. what annoyed me the most was the overkill with the chocobo pulling the little heroine girl's piggy tails. it wasn't funny the first time and it was dang annoying by the tenth time. another predictable thing was each time the show showed the evil emperor, he was eating some odd meal and loosely going over their evil plans. the writers had plenty of things to go more deeply into such as the conflict with makenshi and his brother, kaze's past and romance. i have seen tid bits of the manga and i believe a lot was left out...speaking of leaving things out, this is the last problem i had with final fantasy unlimited. at the end, there are many things i wanted to find out, mostly who died and who survived the final battle. it is left unknown if the kids, their parents, and the other main characters survived the ordeal and return home. also, the show never tells if the destroyed planets are restored. then there is the whole thing about the horrible monster omega and how his crystal fragments are scattered about wonderland. the show needed an extra episode or two to tie up these loose ends...i came with low expectations for the show and even then i was still disappointed. i highly suggest you don't waste your money on buying the dvd set or renting it
worst anime tv show i had seen in a few years.the only other ff material i've see is the movie and i didn't play any of the games yet so i'm not basing this review on that. after watching the first 3 dvdsand about 1/2 through the show i can say for me this show sucked. . the animation was bland and ugly looking. the c.g animation which was produced by gonzo was poor and didn't blend in at all.  (if you want good works by gonzo check out full metal panic, vandread, hellsing, gatekeepers and a few others).. the plot was seemed to aimed at kids under 12. 2 kids and an adult woman get on a train in an abandoned train station that leads them to a different world. there they meet a strange man(strong silent type). each episode goes something like this. the kids and woman get off the magic train at a strange place. the bad guy(kid??) sends his minions to where they 3 are. the man in black shows up(approx 7 min left in ep) and does nothing until the kids are in real danger then a light on his gun(attached to arm)turns on and he says "it has moved??" yells "soil is my power" (cue in 2 minute transformation sequence where he puts 3 different colored shells in it and shoots ) a creature pops out of the smoke and defeats the bad guy, then he goes away. the kids and woman then get back on train and the show is over.. that happens every single episode and there is very little plot development. come on at least pokemon has more of a plot.. this show is clearly aimed for kids 10 and younger which from what i understand is not a big "final fantasy" demographic. . strongly recommend a rental to see if you like it.
don't  waste your money.the writers used the character names, and the book name, but nothing else.the explanation of the 3 laws was ridiculous.the art work of the robots was good.will smith did his usual fantastic job as an actor, but the writers gave him poor material and where comedy was called for it went over like a lead balloon..i robot is part of a series of asimov books resolving around both human and robot characters.  the human and the robot both evolve and explore the meaning of life and humanity.  none of this appeared in the movie
go home smith.this is a terrible missues of one of asimovs greatest novels. the relevance to the novel is only marginal.  .will smith is (as usual) doing a terrible job at being an action hero. he should have stayed with the sit-coms
beware this "bootleg" dvd.royal wedding isn't on dvd yet. that's because the owner of the film, warner bros. hasn't released it yet...but several other companies have, under the "guise" of public domain. the original copyright on the film was not renewed properly with the library of congress, so the film is perceived to be public domain, although the music is very much copyrighted and every distributor of this movie is participating in copyright infringement by selling these "bootlegs"...the companies make the money, because they're selling other people's property...the people who ultimately suffer are you, the consumer, unknowingly buying products of inferior (worse than professional vhs) quality, thinking you're getting the real thing, because it's a dvd...save your money. wait until warner bros. gives us the real thing.thing.....and by the way, the movie gets 4 stars, it's the cheapo bootleg dvd that gets 1 star!
nice dancing and music, but very dull.this movie would have been a complete failure if fred astaire hadn't starred in it. i found it to be exceptionally dull. except for "i lost my hat in haiti" and "you are", and footage from the actual wedding of a member of the british monarchy, this film is pretty terrible
back woods.the plot description gives you what this movie is about.  the only thing that i can say that is positive about this movie is the cover to the dvd...otherwise save your time and money.  low budget, extremely boring,  special effects for the gore left me laughing.  i thought this movie was put together by a group of kids who had nothing better to do in an afternoon, then try to attempt to make a horror flick.  if you think that this movie is up your alley find someone who owns it and like i said save your money.  if you want to laugh at a very poor attempt of a movie that i would rate lower than a "b-movie" this one fits the bill
someone involved with the movie.some people have far too much time on their hands. lots of bitterness here. we made this movie in 3 days for $900. it was a fun experiemnt for a bunch of friends to get together and have a good time. someone at dead alive productions saw it and made an offer. would you turn down money? no, that would be stupid. too bad these reviewers got none of the jokes. zilcho. if you wanted to watch something good, you should have watched something else. oh, thanks for the sale... i love royalty payments...for the forty year old virgin living in his mother's basement (see review below) that wants to smack me in the face: i relish the thought of you taking a day off of work from your 7-11 assistant manager job and doing the deed
trying to choke down eaten alive.initially the movie seemed to have some of chainsaw massacre's nonlinear slant and manic energy, but the lack of focus ultimately destroyed everything. the movie's random maniacal edge seemed overly contrived---perpetrated in the absence of any recognizable storyline. and hell, the crocodile just didn't get enough screen-time. let's face it. the best actor in the entire movie was reprehensibly underplayed...this whole swamp-laden mess roughly revolves around the picturesque starlight hotel, conspicuously built to overlook a croc-supporting deluge. at one point, an estranged family shows up and pays for a room. what follows next is a pointless psychotic diatribe between husband and wife. the wife, by the way, is sally from chainsaw massacre. the husband ends up dead, the little girl ends up running and hiding, and sally ends up tied to a bed in her underwear---which may have been provocative in some tawdry way were it not for the eyeliner and snot running down her flushed heaving face the entire time...there's just no central drive or consistent storyline, and too many non-essential characters. at one point you do see a belligerent pre-freddy-freddy as he is gobbled wholesale by the expeditious crocodile. pre-freddy-freddy's girlfriend looked to me like the same girl who played the recalcitrant member of the cannibal tribe from the hills have eyes, but don't quote me on that, because i was quite drunk at the time. ..ultimately, the hotel's owner, judd, deviant/killer/crockmaster/entrepreneur, ends up doing the headlong dash into the croc's gullet, and the mourners in judd's tumultuous wake are very few and far between. as a villain, judd translates to a queasy and unsatisfying hybrid between and estranged member of the leatherface clan and one of the blacks widows from every which way but loose...i don't know. this movie isn't like trying to sit through hatred of a minute or las vegas blood bath or michael bolton concert footage, but it's definitely not one of tobe hooper's crowning achievements. still, you know, give the guy a break.
boring and stupid.ok. this is the tobe hooper movie following "the texas chainsaw massacre". the script was co-written by tcm writer kim henkel. the movie features a good cover and a good synopsis on the back. so, where does this film go wrong? where doesn't it? i want to start off that it's obvious that quentin tarantino has seen this movie because the opening scene's dialouge was used in "kill bill vo.1". my name is buck and i'm here to f**k. in the beginning we're introduced to a hooker who refuses to have sex with buck (a very young pre-freddy krueger, robert englund) and is kicked out of the whorehouse in which she resides. she ends up at the starlight motel, a dark motel hidden in the depths of the bayou. in a horror movie made in today's times, this would be the part where you would turn the film off. anyone who has seen a horror mvoie should know that this is not the kind of motel you walk into. the starlight is kept by judd (a very creepy neville brand) who acts sane and then suddenly the exact opposite and ends up killing the hooker. oddly enough, living right next to the motel is judd's alligator, hence the title "eaten alive". the movie continues with a few other people who pass through, including a family of 3. the father is killed, the mother is tied to the bed, and the young daughter hides from judd beneath the house. then the family of the hooker show. oh and buck shows up and judd shows an odd distaste in him immediately. this movie should've been good and it definitley had the makings for a good horror movies. the 70's was arguably the decade for horror films. looking at horror movies nowadays there is clear inspiration from 70's horror movies. this movie has a grainy look to it, there's blood galore, and it's pretty disturbing. brand is one of the best horror film heavies ever, but he's not anywhere near as creepy as the infamous leatherface. "eaten alive" was inspired and a lot of hardcore horror fans will enjoy it. i love horror films and the more graphic they are, the better. this movie just lagged though. in between the scenes when judd was killing people, it was just really boring. it was cool seeing robert englund, who as a kid looked nothing like freddy krueger. and the film also stars marilyn burns, the actress who escaped in tcm and made a cameo appearance as the anonymous woman at the end of "the texas chainsaw massacre: the next generation". i'd recommend another horror film, but if it sounds good to you. go for it...grade: d
don't  waste your money.the writers used the character names, and the book name, but nothing else.the explanation of the 3 laws was ridiculous.the art work of the robots was good.will smith did his usual fantastic job as an actor, but the writers gave him poor material and where comedy was called for it went over like a lead balloon..i robot is part of a series of asimov books resolving around both human and robot characters.  the human and the robot both evolve and explore the meaning of life and humanity.  none of this appeared in the movie
go home smith.this is a terrible missues of one of asimovs greatest novels. the relevance to the novel is only marginal.  .will smith is (as usual) doing a terrible job at being an action hero. he should have stayed with the sit-coms
poor quality.this video is a waste of time.  it looks like it was filmed with a home video camera and the sound quality is like listening to a concert through a cell phone. ..do not waste your money.
the postman is a very seriously boring movie.the postman is a very seriously boring movie with terrible story line. one of the most conspicuous flops of its decade and there is good reason for it. i had to write this review when i saw that there were several people actually rating this movie at 5 stars. seriously guys you forgot to take your pills this morning and your friends will the white coats will be visiting later to check on you, until then please refrain from using your pc as we are in danger of obliteration of good taste
there must be a conspiracy....something fishy is certainly going on if the average review for this movie is 4 stars.  this is truely the worst adaptation of a novel ever made.  costner should be tried for crimes against cinematography.  this movie is far beyond awful
nice dancing and music, but very dull.this movie would have been a complete failure if fred astaire hadn't starred in it. i found it to be exceptionally dull. except for "i lost my hat in haiti" and "you are", and footage from the actual wedding of a member of the british monarchy, this film is pretty terrible
no subtitles or close captioning.despite the fact that this is an awesome and humorous movie (the best monty python ever made). this gets a 1 from me for having no subtitles or close captioning since i am hard of hearing. are there any versions with subtitles?
a tedious affair.persons looking for gratuitous titillation from bombshells denise richards or daryl hannah will be disappointed. those looking for a story line will similarly be disappointed. in fact, anyone seeking any entertainment at all will not find much of worth in here. all is not lost, though. persons looking for short interviews from people in the sex industry might find something of interest...ostensibly, this is the story of two women. denise richards plays a doctoral student who trying to get through school. daryl hannah plays an older woman in her apartment building with no visible means of support. when richards has a hard time making her rent payments, she asks hannah how she pays the bills. her answer is simple. she's a hooker and she offers to help richards into the business. she does with mixed results. that's virtually the entire story line but i would be surprised if it is even a quarter of the film...most of the film is taken up with short interviews of people in the sex business. some are truck stop hookers; some are high priced call girls. some are pimps and madams. some are customers. few of them speak english and the interviews are subtitled. there seems to be some unity of theme with the interviews. similar questions are asked of various people within the same segment. these segments have nothing to do with the story line. they are merely interspersed throughout...its all kind of sad. one gets the impression that a truly fascinating documentary could have been made. one also suspects that a really fine movie could have been made. this is neither.
a complete waste of time.my objection was the implication that the "stars" played a part in the film.  i felt that the picture was completely deceptive. ms richards and ms hanna had less than 15 minutes (maybe a little more but not much and possible even less) and were clearly there to fool the viewer.  it was an interesting documentary about prostitution and it might have been an interesting and revealing film if the the stars had been left out and it was done only as a documentary
pointless.the film starts to run, people talking about their sexual adventures and experiences with occasional glimpses of the friendship of hannah and richards , hannah is a high profile whore and richards is a college student who needs money to continue her studies and shes desperate for that reason however the story is pontless too, people interviewed keeps talking again and you see no point, and continues and.......no point, and continues and.........no point and then i get disturbed watching an idiot fourthysomething with teenager attitude and he states (nobody asked him by the way) that he is 24 years old!!!!!! what an idiot!!!! i dont know how the person who interviewed him could not laugh till a heart attack risk, im not saying all films have to come to a conclusion but this subject requires at least one. .this film sucks!!!!!!!.hm
"yawn boring" debbie does salls is much better.i hate these titilating movies, bit a pube, some t+a..do yourselves a favor, either try and get hold of the old 70s pornos like debbie does dallas, jade pussycat, good girls of godiva, taboo. these old movies have a story plus lots of hard core thrills.
i gave it a chance but....i have not heard much good about final fantasy unlimited, but i decided to give the show a chance since i am a final fantasy fan. the show did bring in many bits and pieces from the game series such as chocobos, the character cid, many summon creatures, and did a pretty good job with the fantasy setting. another positive for the show is the voice acting is overall, very good. the voices fits with the characters and the dubbing is well done. unfortunatley, these are only good remarks i have about the show...what is wrong with the show- quite a few things. first of all, the animation is odd. the combination of 3d graphics and 2d graphics did not fit together. also, many different animation sequences were used over and over again through the entire show. the show would have been better if all their time was spent on the 2d animation- adding shading, looking to see if characters looked proportional, and definitely better character design. of all the anime shows i have seen, this series takes the cake for the worst looking characters. i'm not talking about the main characters for they are fine, but the secondary characters and enemys look like they belong in a kiddy show. because of this horrible character design, it was difficult for me to get into the show. here is an example- the army of good guys are dressed in gray body suits with bulky black gloves, boots, and hoods; they have no muscle or facial definition at all and some of them appear fat; worst of all were their weapons- long pipes with which they blow darts out of. i often found myself laughing at the characters since they looked too ridiculous to be menacing or realistic...another big problem with the show was it became very predictable. in every single show, an enemy attacks the good guys and kaze uses his weapon, the magon, to save the day. the show quickly became boring. what annoyed me the most was the overkill with the chocobo pulling the little heroine girl's piggy tails. it wasn't funny the first time and it was dang annoying by the tenth time. another predictable thing was each time the show showed the evil emperor, he was eating some odd meal and loosely going over their evil plans. the writers had plenty of things to go more deeply into such as the conflict with makenshi and his brother, kaze's past and romance. i have seen tid bits of the manga and i believe a lot was left out...speaking of leaving things out, this is the last problem i had with final fantasy unlimited. at the end, there are many things i wanted to find out, mostly who died and who survived the final battle. it is left unknown if the kids, their parents, and the other main characters survived the ordeal and return home. also, the show never tells if the destroyed planets are restored. then there is the whole thing about the horrible monster omega and how his crystal fragments are scattered about wonderland. the show needed an extra episode or two to tie up these loose ends...i came with low expectations for the show and even then i was still disappointed. i highly suggest you don't waste your money on buying the dvd set or renting it
worst anime tv show i had seen in a few years.the only other ff material i've see is the movie and i didn't play any of the games yet so i'm not basing this review on that. after watching the first 3 dvdsand about 1/2 through the show i can say for me this show sucked. . the animation was bland and ugly looking. the c.g animation which was produced by gonzo was poor and didn't blend in at all.  (if you want good works by gonzo check out full metal panic, vandread, hellsing, gatekeepers and a few others).. the plot was seemed to aimed at kids under 12. 2 kids and an adult woman get on a train in an abandoned train station that leads them to a different world. there they meet a strange man(strong silent type). each episode goes something like this. the kids and woman get off the magic train at a strange place. the bad guy(kid??) sends his minions to where they 3 are. the man in black shows up(approx 7 min left in ep) and does nothing until the kids are in real danger then a light on his gun(attached to arm)turns on and he says "it has moved??" yells "soil is my power" (cue in 2 minute transformation sequence where he puts 3 different colored shells in it and shoots ) a creature pops out of the smoke and defeats the bad guy, then he goes away. the kids and woman then get back on train and the show is over.. that happens every single episode and there is very little plot development. come on at least pokemon has more of a plot.. this show is clearly aimed for kids 10 and younger which from what i understand is not a big "final fantasy" demographic. . strongly recommend a rental to see if you like it.
the greatest movie ever.my goodness, this movie is pure gold. i mean the character and plot development almost enticed me to watch past the first 30 minutes, unfortunately a voice deep within my soul beckened me to gouge the eyes out of my head with a rusty screwdriver rendering me blind and unable to see the film's ultimate climax
i wish no stars were an option.i believe catching every disease on earth at once would be more pleasant than watching this movie. it's not even worth a penny, which is probably how much they spent making this film. save yourself time, money, sanity and i.q. points run away!
crap movie, but adam sure can sing..this film is insane.  plot, what plot. the plot is total crap.  this film is the worst film i ever saw in my life and that is saying something...the only good thing in this movie is to hear adam singing...i cant believe how adam became a such a big star ather this movie.  this movie should have killed his acting career.  this show us how much of a talented actor is adam to go on to have a very big acting career and became a very big star in hollywood ather this movie.  if any other less talented actor had been the main star in that film, that person acting career would have been over...that how bad this movie is.  if you dont dont believe me, check out your self...i bet adam is looking back on this film and saying, "what was i thinking of staring in that film.  o well actor has to start somewhere"
dont do it..people are not joking or exaggerating when they say this is one of the worst movies they have seen.  it is actually on imdb's worst movies of all time (#21).  its not even worth describing how unfunny this movie is, even for adam sandler fans
join the club.this is not just the worst adam sandler movie. it is the worst movie of all time. in highschool me and some friends saw this at the store. we rented and watched it. we were mortified that they had actually made this movie. we then decided we were going to make a club. the only way you could get in was watch this movie. that is if you did not kill your self while watching and/or thinking about this film . awful, awful, awful.
what is this???.what a waste of time and money. why did i buy this? i don't know, maybe because adam was in it. what i found out was that they must have grabbed him before he even decided to become a star. this looks just like something you would see as a college project with a subject as what not to do to make a successful movie. ..adam sandler fans stay away. this will ruin your taste of one of the greatest comics out there
crummy crummy crummy.this is the worst movie i have ever seen! i turned it off it was so bad! i got it at wal-mart in like their $3 bin or something... they should have paid me to get it!
a definate low point in adam sandler's career.back in the late 80's adam sandler was on a mtv game show called "remote control".  he played various quirky roles.   you would have thought that some of that talent would have made it to this film.  ..this film is definately the worse movie that adam has ever been in.  adam's acting leaves a lot to be desired.  this film is a comedy with no laughs.
one of the worst movies i have ever seen..i like sandler..i couldn't even finish watching it. i purchased it, and actually took it out of the dvd player and broke it in half..the general public should be able to sue the actors and distributors when stuff like this is foisted upon us..truly horrible, not funny, taped together. they must have spent fifteen bucks filming this abortion
relaxing viewing time.a dvd of clear good photography and quite pleasant to watch but a little embarrasing in family company.  really only suitable for watching in private
skip this and go for something harder..reading some of the reviews, it's hard for me to believe that we are all referring to the same movie;  some decent soft-core stuff, but the overall acting/plot completely sucks.  the action was tolerable, but you'd be better off skipping this and going for something harder if you want better satisfaction and/or follow-through
just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they're...arrghh, watch out!.having finished a viewing of this film, my friend turned to me and said, "there was a good film in there somewhere, but that wasn't it.".  one element which severely detracts from the film as it stands is the lack of depth to tim robbins' character, jacob singer.  beyond a little biography, we learn almost nothing about him in the two hour stretch - of course things happen to him, but he is the passive victim of events, much like the cardboard protagonists of slasher films; if, after ten minutes of the film and then again at the end of it, a viewer were asked to predict what jacob would do in the face of a moral dilemma, or a personal tragedy, then the answer would likely be the same (and just as uncertain) in both cases.  no other character fares any better - they all remain static..*.interest, then, is shouldered by the plot.  as often remarked, the film-makers try to make things confusing.  but they also feel obliged to tell you some things unambiguously.  most egregious is the appearance of mr.newman, who identifies himself as a chemist, conscripted by the us government to run experiments on the soldiers - in a five minute scene he explains the movie to both jacob and the audience, confirming everyone's suspicions.  armed with this explanation, the movie is then a ride through jacob's deranged mind, and if some things remain ambiguously poised between being his hallucinations and being reality, then this is less interesting than it might be, for often it makes no difference to our understanding or experience of the film whether things prove to be real or not..*.likewise the twist ending is quite impotent.  if it is meant to raise the possibility that the entire film represents the dying thoughts of a soldier that never returned from vietnam, then one can legitimately ask if such thoughts would plausibly occur to a man in such a situation - dying, far from home, would one concoct a tale of govenment conspiracy and mind-altering drugs for one's last reflections on life?  you dream about leaving your wife and children and shacking up with a girl from the mailroom? no thoughts of friends or parents, school or university years? the twist is plain stupid, and it's gratuitous because it does not force one to see the film in a new and insightful light - in contrast to other films that use the same device, such as brazil and the sixth sense, and other stories for that matter (for an old obscure one, try "baron bagge", by alexander lernet-holenia (i'm not kidding, that is his name))..*.as far as the craft of film-making goes, the film is just passable.  adrian lyne's heritage in advertising is evident, with the cinematography echoing the style of 'sophisticated' liquor and lingerie ads of the late eighties.  music videos are another influence.  it's eye candy of the ridley scott variety, and it's fine as far as it goes.  the acting is as good as the directing and script allows.  tim robbins embodies the spirit of being caught in a waking nightmare..*.how to improve such a film?  a suggestion might be to show jacob in his pre-war days relating to his family, perhaps in a flawed way, tempted by adultery or greed, and with other influences bearing upon him, say from parental or societal expectations, and only then, with some definition of his character, cast him into the horror of vietnam - once there, the film-makers could raise the possibility of exposure to hallucinogens, and make it ambiguous whether it was the war experience itself, or a chemical, which damaged and deranged his subsequent life.  the vietnam, and post-vietnam, experiences then become 'a waking nightmare' - there might even be a chance to fashion a redemptive ending, or alternatively a truly unredemptive tragedy, depending on one's intention.  yes, and all this would start to resemble, albeit in a potentially more surreal way, born on the fourth of july.  well, that might not be a bad thing, since for all its weaknesses that film was far more satisfying than jacob's ladder which, for me, remains a bit of a mess.
transfers poor.if you just want to follow the plots, this set is a cheap way to see 10 good films. i think  the richness of deep blacks and whites are a major component of the film noir experience and and for me they add immeasurably to the viewing. after all, the black/white nature of the films contribute to the whole noir culture. if you agree with me on this point, don't buy this set. the transfers are a washed-out wimpy grey. i found this annoying and trashed the set. you may not care so much about the richness of the transfer, and in this case you will be pleased with some of the selections
sort of blah.i bought this one and dr. laurie anderson (which is very good). i thought shiva rea was not that challenging. i have seen the same moves on other pregnancy dvds. but it is a good one if you do not do a lot of yoga.  anderson's was just better and you can still do anderson's even if you do not regularly practice yoga.
trying to choke down eaten alive.initially the movie seemed to have some of chainsaw massacre's nonlinear slant and manic energy, but the lack of focus ultimately destroyed everything. the movie's random maniacal edge seemed overly contrived---perpetrated in the absence of any recognizable storyline. and hell, the crocodile just didn't get enough screen-time. let's face it. the best actor in the entire movie was reprehensibly underplayed...this whole swamp-laden mess roughly revolves around the picturesque starlight hotel, conspicuously built to overlook a croc-supporting deluge. at one point, an estranged family shows up and pays for a room. what follows next is a pointless psychotic diatribe between husband and wife. the wife, by the way, is sally from chainsaw massacre. the husband ends up dead, the little girl ends up running and hiding, and sally ends up tied to a bed in her underwear---which may have been provocative in some tawdry way were it not for the eyeliner and snot running down her flushed heaving face the entire time...there's just no central drive or consistent storyline, and too many non-essential characters. at one point you do see a belligerent pre-freddy-freddy as he is gobbled wholesale by the expeditious crocodile. pre-freddy-freddy's girlfriend looked to me like the same girl who played the recalcitrant member of the cannibal tribe from the hills have eyes, but don't quote me on that, because i was quite drunk at the time. ..ultimately, the hotel's owner, judd, deviant/killer/crockmaster/entrepreneur, ends up doing the headlong dash into the croc's gullet, and the mourners in judd's tumultuous wake are very few and far between. as a villain, judd translates to a queasy and unsatisfying hybrid between and estranged member of the leatherface clan and one of the blacks widows from every which way but loose...i don't know. this movie isn't like trying to sit through hatred of a minute or las vegas blood bath or michael bolton concert footage, but it's definitely not one of tobe hooper's crowning achievements. still, you know, give the guy a break.
boring and stupid.ok. this is the tobe hooper movie following "the texas chainsaw massacre". the script was co-written by tcm writer kim henkel. the movie features a good cover and a good synopsis on the back. so, where does this film go wrong? where doesn't it? i want to start off that it's obvious that quentin tarantino has seen this movie because the opening scene's dialouge was used in "kill bill vo.1". my name is buck and i'm here to f**k. in the beginning we're introduced to a hooker who refuses to have sex with buck (a very young pre-freddy krueger, robert englund) and is kicked out of the whorehouse in which she resides. she ends up at the starlight motel, a dark motel hidden in the depths of the bayou. in a horror movie made in today's times, this would be the part where you would turn the film off. anyone who has seen a horror mvoie should know that this is not the kind of motel you walk into. the starlight is kept by judd (a very creepy neville brand) who acts sane and then suddenly the exact opposite and ends up killing the hooker. oddly enough, living right next to the motel is judd's alligator, hence the title "eaten alive". the movie continues with a few other people who pass through, including a family of 3. the father is killed, the mother is tied to the bed, and the young daughter hides from judd beneath the house. then the family of the hooker show. oh and buck shows up and judd shows an odd distaste in him immediately. this movie should've been good and it definitley had the makings for a good horror movies. the 70's was arguably the decade for horror films. looking at horror movies nowadays there is clear inspiration from 70's horror movies. this movie has a grainy look to it, there's blood galore, and it's pretty disturbing. brand is one of the best horror film heavies ever, but he's not anywhere near as creepy as the infamous leatherface. "eaten alive" was inspired and a lot of hardcore horror fans will enjoy it. i love horror films and the more graphic they are, the better. this movie just lagged though. in between the scenes when judd was killing people, it was just really boring. it was cool seeing robert englund, who as a kid looked nothing like freddy krueger. and the film also stars marilyn burns, the actress who escaped in tcm and made a cameo appearance as the anonymous woman at the end of "the texas chainsaw massacre: the next generation". i'd recommend another horror film, but if it sounds good to you. go for it...grade: d
mixed feelings....i can definately see how this show could seem interesting to pre-teens because they haven't been through puberty and been opened up to newer,more exciting emotions that this show doesn't portray. the kids try their best most of the time but you can tell that these kids should be in a different feild; maybe commercials would better suit them. but the actors are not the only problem with this borderline show...the writers have to take a chunk of critisim as well. the writing is trying to make the show intense but then they throw in cliques or childish scenes that sometimes make you wonder if the crew had put together a drama and an after-school special in one show. sometimes these elements are a match made in television heaven..or they cancel each other out, so that you can't enjoy the good-parts of the show because of the overshadowing cloud of below-average acting and storylines that can be annoying and cumbersome. .    ..     this first season is devoid of decent storylines, so you will basically be watching a show with the subliminal message: "don't do sex, drugs, or try to be normal because you'll be happier being different. if you don't beleive me watch this incident...(episode starts)." sorry but these childeren are trying to stand out so much so that they are not being different but just trying to be different, so that they can be the loner-cool type. and trying to fit in, isn't that one of the most normal thing we as humans share. different? no, they're normal all right....           seasons two, three, and four are more intense .           and less 'subliminal' but they convey the same.           message. watch something else, another adult-.           teen drama, and compare the two shows: the .           answer is right in front of you.....spinner: "dude, my bat's wood; i've got a boner". (with dialouge like that, just think of the annoying storyline(s) that will follow.) how sad............
yesterday. that was yesterday..there will always be the question of importance between sports and money.  which is more important?  do today's players participate because they love the game, or is it because they are thrown millions of dollars to play?  it is a question that will continue to be a part of our culture as long as million dollar contracts are signed.  i couldn't help but think of this concept as i watched this film.  in 1919 the players of a winning chicago baseball team decided to throw in their chances of a world series title just to earn some extra cash for their pockets.  the results of this game lead to interrogations, an appointment of a baseball commissioner, and a decree that would punish these ball players for the rest of their lives.  for those of us that were not around in 1919 to experience this event first hand, director john sayles has decided to show us the events first hand through dry cinematography, horrific acting, and a drama that is lacking in ... well ... drama...one of my favorite john sayles films is sunshine state.  in it, sayles takes characters and gives them so much emotion and spirit that you are literally pulled off your couch and glued to the television for the entire two hours.  i wish this were the case for eight men out.  sadly, where this film lacks is confident actors and a intense and knowledgeable screenplay.  you could tell from the beginning that this topic was a passion of sayles, but that he also had trouble directing it.  it didn't seem to move as smoothly as some of his other work.  i think one of the main reasons is due to the players that are under his lead.  these are not dramatic actors, but instead some of the "hottest" talent that 1988 had to offer.  i kept thinking that he was trying to compete with the 80s teen idols film that was released the same year called young guns.  he wanted to have a film that brought those normally not interested in a film of this kind into the theater.  hey, it worked for me.  john cusack is not a dramatic character, while later in his career he reaches this level, at this point in his life he is still has that persona of a imaginative teen.  this causes his "big" dramatic scenes to seem less and less relevant when they are presented.  charlie sheen's accent faded in and out throughout this entire film, while d.b. sweeney couldn't shake the clich ways of his character's lack of education.  instead of being dramatic, i found myself full of laughter.  i needed stronger actors to pull this film from out of left field...finally, for those seeking a gritty drama about the hardships of "rigging" a game, do not look in this direction.  this is not an oliver stone film, this is john sayles, which means that he is incapable of pushing any buttons.  there were so many directions and dark alleyways that he could have taken us with this film.  i wanted to know more about how these eight men won the trial, i wanted to know more about the confessions, i wanted to know more about the industry, but nothing was handed to me.  i just had to deal with ignorant characters that were about to get five years in prison for their crimes, and nobody was worried.  it infuriated me when the ball players walked into the courtroom and it was nothing but a joke and media frenzy.  it seemed like they didn't care about the trial at all, so which left me no choice but to not care either.  i dislike sports films immensely, and this film is one of the reasons why!..grade:  * out of ****
a few good movies here,but most of the transfers are very poor.i own many of the 50 movie packs and have liked most of them,but even though i am very willing to except a little drop of quality on the sets because of the price, this is one set that is not done very well. the set has some good films on it but most are unwatchable so maybe look at other sets that may have the same movies in them. you have been warned
at a first glance it might seem like a good buy but......my mom and i bought this collection after buying the 50 movie pack family classics which we thought was pretty good.but this one was awful!there were only a few really good movies in it his girl friday,my man godfrey and steamboat bill,jr the last one is a silent film by the way so in this case it did not matter that the film had rather poor sound quality.this however did affect the movie in the case of films such as his girl friday,where dialogue is so important,also this film had been cut and was missing a several minutes in different parts of the movie.some of the silent films such as the ones in the buster keaton festival and buster keaton classics were horribly blury and i suspect they might have been cut.many,true not all but a good many of the films here were pretty dull,or had such poor picture and sound quality that it was difficult to make out what was going on even if the movie seemed like it might be interesting.most of these films if you were to look them up in a film guide would only get about 2 1/2 stars some only get about 1 star,there are few 3 stars scattered throughout whose picture and sound quality isn't too bad but not enough in my opinion to justify buying this collection
unwatchable.afterlife would have been more interesting as a 1 hour drama, than what it is. it is boring and tedious to watch and the characters are uninteresting. ..the movie is filmed almost as a documentary, and the people portrayed are given rich histories, especially since they have to describe them to employees of the after life who work in an abandoned office building. these recently decreased are given 3 days to remember their best memory which they will take as they either go to heaven or hell. the employees will recreate the memory for them. ..we are introduced to up to 22 characters, and 4 or so employees. they are all serene and have different issues and they talk a lot. i'm surprise that the employees didn't fall over asleep listening to the memories of these boring people. it definitely doesn't help that all these people talk in monotone. ..the problem with this movie is that beyond it's interesting premise, we have nothing of interest here. the movie is broken up by days and basically we have people talking. the problem is that if this were a real documentary, this could have been interesting, but i was always aware that they are actors and they are basically reading off their lines. their stories have no substance because we only get to hear them, not experience them. ..this is an incomplete review because i could not watch the rest of the dvd (i fast forwarded it). the performances were too contrived, the director obviously didn't have the budget to show the lives of these people and the whole picture is like being forced to read a classic piece of literature which everyone says is really great, but no one actually reads. the worst part of the movie was the ending, where these poor souls were forced to relive more memories from more boring dead people.
yogasculpt.i love karen voight, but was extremely disappointed with this dvd.  it is the exact same dvd as yoga  sculpting even though they have different release dates, 4 years apart!  the cover on the dvd is different but she's wearing the same outfit and does the same routine.  they don't tell you that in the advertisement.  because i liked karen voight, i ordered another dvd and then ended up with 2 dvds exactly alike.  i was so upset about this that i emailed her company and told them about it.  they knew they were the same but don't tell you that in the advertisement. they were nice enough to exchange yogasculpt for another dvd for me.  but it was a pain because i had to send them yogasculpt and wait for them to send me something else
terrible.do not waste your money purchasing this movie. wait until it shows on tv, if you're unlucky enough to see it. the music for the story was inappropriate and totally threw off the entire story. instead of following the story my husband and i kept concentrating on the terrible music. dont waste your money
not a good elmo movie..i got this movie for my 18 month old twins since they like elmo and love the "kids favorite songs" dvd.  unfortunately, elmo is barely in this movie and there is more non-singing/dancing material than there is singing/dancing material. too much time is spent trying to get a dressing room door unlocked.  my kids lost interest after 2 minutes.  if i show it to them now, i have to "fast-forward" to all the dance and song routines.  and even some of them are kind of boring.  shawn colvin and kenny loggins for 2 yr olds?  not very exciting.
not the best of john carpenter.this film is really sad. sad because if you look at it closely you can find a lot of good ideas ultimately ruined by poor delivery. and knowing this is written and directed by john carpenter, i have to wonder why it isn't any better...in a mars of the future, a team of police are going to a mining village to get a prisoner and escort him back to civilization for trial. upon arriving they find the village mysteriously empty. investigating further they find corpses hanging from the cielings, weird objects. as they try to do their mission they realize that some strange force has overtaken the miners, who have begun killing people, wearing their flesh, and having savage, native-like tendencies. the force controlling them? weird ghosts released from an ancient tomb, ghosts that go into the human body to control them. killing the person will only release them to go into another...wait wait wait...a weird alien force that possesses people and turns them against the heroes and when the person is killed it goes into someone else? that's "the thing!" and wait...a drugged up force of psychos attacking people in a building? that's "assault on precint 13!" john carpenter - you're ripping off yourself!..one problem i had was some serious miscasting. pam grier was wrong for this role - it's not that i don't think she can act, i just think she's unbelievable as the leader of a combat squad. natasha henstridge was another bad choice, because i really could not believe her as a strong heroine. hollywood needs to realize really skinny women with model-bodies generally cannot do much in a fist fight. in "species" it was ok because her attractive exterior was just that - and exterior - but here we're supposed to believe as she (quite often very laughably) beats up all these people five times stronger than her. if you still disagree with me, try to imagine calista flockhart beating up the rock...i also have to say that john carpenter's filmmaking, usually fitting to the subject matter, is in this incredibly annoying. for one, whenever characters are walking down a hallway or approaching something they will dissolve between different points of the scene - what was the point? also, consider that this story is essentially one big flashback, told by natasha; some parts are still taken from other character's perspective as told to natasha's character - some parts still are taken from accounts from accounts told to natasha's character! that's right - some parts of this movie are flashbacks within flashbacks within flashbacks. also, the "ghost p.o.v" was just ridiculous: imagine taking normal film and giving it a weird, wavy red tint. ..besides all this, there were some little moments of "ingenuity," and i've composed a list detailing them..* mars has a weaker gravity than earth, being smaller than our own planet..* women are supposedly the dominant gender now. then why do all the male characters still act egotistical? shouldn't men be subservient and the women forceful now?.* while looking at a vehicle with a struggling man inside, pam grier hears a noise, yells "who goes there?" and walks off. natasha henstridge doesn't notice her leaving and doesn't see where she goes...even though she's like five feet away from her!.* we find out ice cube has taken the shotgun from one of the rookies, who claims he was "too fast." ice cube was like ten feet away from him - did he move with super sonic speed?.* during the jericho flashback, when he goes to find pam grier, he takes a few steps from the vehicle and sees a crazed native carrying pam grier's head. this means within the minute and a half that happened between pam walking off and jericho looking for her, a native ambushed her, cut off her head, and all right by the scene!.* in a stand-off between miners and the police, the miners say, "drop your guns!" and the police, despite outnumbering them and having superior firepower, do so. this is the classic "drop 'em!" rule of movies: whoever says "drop your weapons!" first, the other group has to do it..* i find it amazing in movies that no matter how far in the future you get, radios are still crappy, never go far in distance, and are always easily clouded by a dust storm or any other large form of nature..* here's great military strategery: you're outnumbered by a larger enemy and your route of departure is late, so instead of defending your only way out you charge into your larger enemy allowing yourself to get surrounded and your route cut off..* a guy crawling on the ground grabs a stick of dynamite, and when it blows up it propels him forward headfirst in the air...wait what?.* if the ghosts take over the bodies of whoever attacked its host, then how come when ice cube and natasha henstridge are taking out like thirty of the possessed humans there aren't thirty ghosts coming after them?.* ghosts can't go through doors and walls, by the way..* the film gives a cliche plot turn: "let's go home." / "no. we have to go back and kill them all." uh...wouldn't it be simpler to go back to your superiors, tell them what happened, and have them bomb the place instead of doing it yourself? oh wait, then the film would be over..* is it just me or do a lot of characters get hit by spears and sharp objects and the weapons don't actually stick into them?.* why is it everytime a grenade goes off near someone, the resulting blast makes them hop? yes, hop. ..i'm having trouble believing this was done by the same guy who did "big trouble in little china," "escape from new york," and "halloween." i hate to say it, but "ghosts of mars" has the look and feel of a sci-fi channel original film. at the same time i want to like this because i've always been a john carpenter fan, because i like how a lot of these sets seemed traditional instead of poorly done cg, and as previously stated i liked a lot of the ideas. its sad to see the movie come out like this, but it just goes to show you that everything that looks good on paper can be undone by a bad script
2 stars because it made me laugh.the absurdity of this movie made me laugh quite a bit. the sets were cheap, the plot (if you can call it that) was clunky, and the direction stank. a lot of people who have reviewed this already are railing on the actors, and the only reason i don't is because i have seen most of the main cast (the ones on the front cover) do very well in other roles. it is evident that they really weren't given much to work with...if you're looking for a horror flick to laugh at and make fun of in mystery science theater 3000 fashion, this would be a good one to pick up. if you're looking for good sci-fi/horror, look elsewhere
utter tripe - do i have to give it 1??.this film is one of the worst i've ever seen. amatuerish in dialogue, acting, plot direction etc etc....sure it's bubblegum for late at night but it's really breathtakingly awful
even more proof that john carpenter has gone senile..it's becoming a more distant memory with each new john carpenter film, but there actually was a period in the late 70's/early-to-mid 80's when he was quite a good director. most of his films from that prolific period rank among some of my favorite films of all time: assault on precint 13, halloween, escape from new york, the thing, big trouble in little china. i grew up with those films and they still entertain me to this day. ..but somewhere around the time that his 1987 disaster prince of darkness came out, things started to go seriously wrong with john carpenter. just look at the crap that he has churned out since then (with the exception of they live and in the mouth of madness which i actually liked though they are far from great movies): memoirs of an invisible man, village of the damned, vampires, and now, his latest debacle, ghosts of mars......i'm sorry, make that john carpenter's ghosts of mars!!! i'm not sure what has happened to him, but he seems to be walking proof that somewhere along the line he went senile, or insane....take your pick. ..ghost of mars involves a group of military personnel led by pam grier and natasha henstridge. they are going to an outpost on mars to pick up a prisoner, played by an annoyingly stoic ice-cube, who is being charged with murdering a bunch of people on the train. of course when they get there the place is deserted and they quickly find corpses that have been either decapitated, dismembered or disembowled. they find some prisoners, including ice-cube and they proceed to tell, in flashbacks, how a group of miners accidentally unleashed some sort of evil dust that contains some sort of evil spirits that take over people and make them go insane and on a killing spree. ..actually, the first hour of the film's 93 minute running time is basically nothing but each character saying what they were doing when the massacre took place. i found it particularly amusing how many flashbacks occurred in this movie. in fact, my friends and i invented a drinking game in which everyone downs a shot whenever a character has a flashback scene. and to add insult to injury, there are actually flashbacks within flashbacks!! ..when they finally meet the possessed people from the colony, i couldn't help but laugh until i almost cried. all of the bad guys literally look like marilyn manson clones. the leader, who is billed in the credits as big daddy mars (lol!!), speaks in some kind of gibberish and walks around scowling and occasionaly getting set on fire. ..the last half hour or so is basically a yawn-inducing battle in which natasha and the military group trying to get away from the outpost alive. all of the fighting looked extremely stiff and faked. it was especially annoying that whenever an explosion occurred, you could count on 2 to 3 people flying through the air after obviously bouncing off of an off-screen trampoline (watch the behind the scenes featurette for evidence of this.) ..by, the time this movie finished, i felt like someone had taken my brain out of my head, attempted to bounce it on the floor close to a 100 times, and then sloppily tried to put it back in. this movie really is that bad. ..all of the actors involved looked like they were only interested in getting paid. and it wouldn't be a true natasha henstridge film without a scene of her in some really tight fitting underwear. .the sets look like something left over from the old star trek series from the 60's and the special effects mainly consist of a few poor looking decapitations and dismemberments. ..any john carpenter fan can see that all he did was combine elements from assault on precinct 13, the thing and prince of darkness into this movie. ..the dvd consists of a commentary track featuring john carpenter and natasha and i was especially disheartened as to how unaware john was about how awful this movie actually turned out. he was completely happy with the final product!! john claimed that he wanted to make a futuristic version of an old-fashioned western. so why did this get marketed as a horror film then?! it seems that he has completely lost the ability to look at his films from an outsider's point of view, so that he can truly see what he has created. i'm not sure what is going on with him. but this movie and his last, the equally bad vampires, gave me a one-two punch that nearly caved my head in. ..it will be interesting to see if john will have any sort of a career after this one. they spent close to 30 million making this movie (it doesn't show) and it made back 1 or 2. he needs to really take some time off and reflect back on his career before he tackles his next project.
im glad i rented this first!!!!.watch out folks, this movie is overhyped, and you might just get fooled. this movie receives a firm 2.5 stars from me! dont be fooled by these other comments here, because they dont know what their talking about. they dont know the difference between a square and a triangle!..the good points: the actor playing "akira"(oldest sibling) is phenominal at his roll! ummm..... and thats pretty much about it......the bad points: this movie had the potential to be great but the direction/videoography/music placement was horrible. i heard the same theme song at least 4-5 times throughout the movie. thats ridiculous! the scenes and angles the director chose were boring, and inaccurate. the director had a huge fetish on shooting at peoples feet!!! what the hell!?..the director did not even let the characters build a relationship. throughout the movie, you felt like everyone was just friends and not family. the whole film felt like it was rushed...the only touching thing about the movie is when it was nearing its end. this movie is overhyped and definitely belongs back on japanese shelves. i am never going to watch another film from this director ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!
defense of jamie gertz.i'm writing because i thought fine's review was bad..i was interested in this movie because it has jamie gertz, who has proven to be a durable, dependable character actress.  mr. fine may or may not have talent but he is not spectacular.  waspishness insults are passe and not becoming to a serious reviewer.  ms. gertz, by contrast, turns an abundance of personality to good account through her career.  i just don't know what "untalented" means in the context of this silly movie, but it was twenty years ago.  is the insult intended to be forthe movie or for her whole career since?  kbad form and fuzzy thinking...i think the movie is an attempt to imitate features of flashdance: upbeat background music, meaningless but interesting visuals, skill display, romance,  people with aspirations surviving at a humble level.  jamie gertz is the "face" girl
new york stock trader to messenger?.i don't think so.  contrived movie with a little cycling thrown in to make up for a poor script.  think about it: take a dump on a stock and get wiped out; now you are a messenger?  i do not think so.  i know of a few new york stock exchange brokers who blew themselves up on trades, but this is crazy.  thank goodness they kept the new york scenes to a minimum.  yes, he was suppose to be at the nyse and not the pacific stock exchange as a previous reviewer wrote
great production...rotten dvd.the two poirot tales in this set are great tv productions, but are given are rather poor dvd release. the actual picture quality is fine, but the image format leaves a lot to be desired: being reformatted from the 16:9 ratio down to the quot;normalquot; tv size of 4:3. unfortunately this often results in very odd looking pictures where two halves of characters chat to each other either side of the screen! and despite the correct running times of 100 minutes being displayed on the cases, both stories have been edited down to just 95. aamp;e - you could, and should, do so much better...
meanwhile, back in the 60s..this is just like an updated b movie from the sixties and i enjoyed it.  it's real comic book stuff.  the effects are not bad, the pace hardly flags and the cast seem to be enjoying themselves so it's easy viewing.  i enjoyed this more than big budget films such as evolution or jurassic park 3.  but i think the absence of big names will put people off, not that it matters because the cast here do a fine job.  and if big names don't matter to you then you could do a lot worse than watch this
steer clear.absolute junk, one of the worst films i have seen. you will be doing well just to stay awake for the duration
inept!.the horror anthology format was one which had been most successfully utilised by british cinema. from ealing studios atmospheric and brilliant dead of night to the films of amicus in the 1960's and 70's. the form was rejuvenated  in the usa, when george a romero finally gave in to hollywood and collaborated with stephen king on creepshow. creepshow worked because it was  an unabashed and unashamed tribute to the ec horror comics of the 1950's. the visual qualities of the film, coupled with its trite speech bubble dialogue and thin characterisation  gave it a comic book feel that perhaps only sin city has since replicated to any degree of success. ..this sequel is odious, pointless and a simple money spinner.  the strength of amicus' anthologies was usually the narrative framing device and the attempted twist to the tale. this is severely lacking in creepshow 2, which has a rather dour and crudely animated sequence involving a boy besting his bully tormentors. the stories themselves are dull and uninspired, the only exception being the great ending to the raft segment.  of the three tales of supposed terror, the hitchiker works the best, simply because it is so utterly daft, that it becomes amusing. some notable actors wasted their time on this film and director michael gornick (most noted for his work on other romero productions such as dawn of the dead) fashions a tv movie style feature, which is both boring and inept. both stephen king and george a romero who just a decade before had rewritten the genre and terrified audiences, put their names to a movie that would give relief to insomniacs the world over.
lame.me and a couple of friends wanted to rent a scary movie and somehow  we picked this one. what a mistake. it wasn't one bit scary/creepy, and most of the acting was sub-par. we found ourselves laughing at times, which isn't good. the first story was just plain boring. it's about some indian statue that comes to life. 30 minutes of torture. the 2nd story was the best, but that doesn't say much. its about 4 kids who swim out to a raft and some killer blob chases after them. pretty funny stuff. the last story is called the hitchhiker. some parts were funny, but it dragged on way too long. overall, creepshow 2 doesn't live up to the first. 2 stars for making us laugh
a truely "creepless" show.this sequel in name only is the low end of horror anthologys and the bottom of the river as far as scares. all the fun of the first is gone and what we are left with is this at 90mins.,much to long movie that just sits there and goes nowhere. no stars for this junk!!!!!
mediocre, dull, and uninspired.not as good as the first one and pretty forgetable....it has none of the "living comic book" charm that i loved in the first one. that and there are only three stories and more animation. only the blob in the water one was worth watching. if you see it, watch for the joint that the blonde guy pulls out of nowhere after swimming to the raft in a speedo! funny. romero and king seemed to not be as enthused as they were when making the first one...i just didnt like it...skip it and get the first one
lame as hell.3 short films?!?!? thats it?? i feel severly ripped off even after i picked this up used!  it feels like the skits that didnt make creephow 1 were mushed together onto this. chief wooden head isnt scary at all. if you think that is scary, you are easily frightened. the raft is defiantely the best on here by far. that blob thing does creep me out i shall admit. especially the ending to it!! the hitchhiker is so stupid i felt moronic for viewing this. there is nothing scary or funny about a bloody zombie that says "thanks for the ride lady" over and over. i just want to know why anchor bay released a stellar edition if this heap of scrap when they could have done creepshow 1 instead. that one is better...two stars for "the raft"..if only they all held up like that story..
three hours i will never get back.some critics have said this film is painterly.  i spent three precious hours of my life watching the equivalent of paint drying on the wall. three hours i'll never get back.   three hours i could have spent painting one of my own walls.    ..this is the dreck truffaut railed against when he wrote "a certain tendency..." for cahiers du cinema in the early fifties. this is the dreck that people with absolutely no taste find artful.  i've seen home movies of graduation parties that were more interesting then this travesty. ..burt lancaster was once in a much better film called crimson pirate... a film with more life in any of its sixty seconds than visconti manages in three hours
eh....after seeing this movie, i don't see all the hype. i bought the extended version with the english subtitles which bored me to death. i really hate it switching languages intermediately. granted, the film did have me guessing all the way through, and it did have one good scene -- in my opinion, when the dancing doll busted through the door -- but beyond that, it's pretty boring. i won't suggest avoiding it since people have varying opinion's and tastes, but be prepared for loads of dialogue and drawn out scenes.
which version is this?.there are two versions of deep red/the hatchet murder here but amazon has stupidly replicated the same set of reviews for both of them! is this the uncut version with the italian language scenes that all the reviews speak so highly of, or is this the cut-to-crap not-even-worth-watching american version
subtexts.on the surface this film is a pretty good courtroom drama...underneath, however, the director seems to have a couple of other themes going. one thing that stood out to me is that the film is full of people who are "caught between a rock and a hard place". right from the start, where childers has to choose between following the rules of war or saving his best friend. he has a similar choice on the wall in yemin - fire into the crowd or let the attack on his people continue. i think he knew at that moment that his career was in the crapper. jones' character said as much during the trial: "whatever happens here, this man will never command marines again". the "bad guy" national security advisor was in a bind: do what is best for america's interests or back up the colonel? the ambassador had to make a hard choice: lie on the stand or lose his job, his status, his reputation? even his wife had to decide whether to tell the truth or stand behind her husband's story. biggs, the prosecutor, got caught up in it - he started out with the intent to prosecute what he was convinced was a legitimate case, then got tossed a 'hot potato' by the nsa right in open court. childers' second-in-command, captain lee, had to decide whether to tell the truth or back his colonel. and so on...the court-martial itself seems to pit logic against emotion (shades of star trek!). the differences are clearest in the closing arguements - biggs is the joe friday "just the facts" type; he presents the panel with a. this happened, then b this happened, and so on.  hayes' whole arguement is based on emotion - and then, finally, the jury is left with yet another hard decision...i found the movie very interesting in terms of what is going on with the characters - a lot of films are like this, if you look a little deeper, there's more there than the surface story.
space madness.dark star is as if the ren and stimpy episode, "space madness" were made into a live action film and extended into feature film length. like george lucas' debut thx-1138, it is a film that would be forgotten if the director had not gone onto bigger and better things. it might pass if you have a fetish for cheesy 70's sci-fi such as soylent green and logan's run. for the rest of us all i can say is give me a break. the talking voice is lifted straight from hal in 2001. the effects are so terrible that its hard not to burst out laughing when one of the main characters have a dialogue and a fight with a beachball (!). otherwise, it just seems as if everyone is stoned. i can forgive john carpenter, because after all its just a student film and he went on to make halloween, which is probably one of the best horror films of all times. i just wouldn't rush to watch this. you'll feel as if you're trapped in space with the characters the whole time. as one of them says, "i like it up here"
only because you can't choose 0 stars (or minus stars).this movie is terrible.  the synopsis is completely misleading.  don't waste money or time on this one
warning, stay away!!!.this movie is bad on every level. bad acting, bad special effects, bad storyline (freakin boring).  i love the scifi/horror/comedy medium, but this film is just a straight up bomb.  it's not like, so bad it's funny. it's just, so lame and uneventful that i fell asleep faster that my friend who floated a keg full of nyquil. i'm telling you, please, watch anything else. .    from the very first scene you will be able to tell the quality of film that you are getting yourself into,(crap) and it never gets better from there. froget about the big names like john carpenter  dan o'bannon.  this was a school project of theirs! how many school projects have you ever done that were even remotely interesting? that's right, none! there is an alien in the movie, prepared to be scared, oh wait no, prepare to laugh, oh wait no, try neither. the alien is just a beach ball with feet. i'm serious,a beach ball, and our heroic characters are deathly afraid of it. what's worse is that more than a 3rd of the film is dedicated to this inflatable menace. i just can't go on, reliving anymore of this film is bringing back the desire to play russian roulette. do yourself a favor and pass on this one, you'll thank me...tom in san antoni
boring.i didn't find this dvd too bad to watch, but i wouldn't watch it again. it had tons of good artists but i dont wanna have to sit down and watch a whole bunch of interviews. i think this dvd needed a lot more action of rappers on the streets or somethin, just my opinion
dead dolls don't play.man i hate to get negative when it comes to bands as great as the dolls, who in there day were every bit as cool and influental as the press has reported.  this is really not the dolls though.  3 dead members and many years might make one skeptical and it should as this performance is uninspired, tired, and lifeless and a really bad idea and performance. if your an old fan you already know, and new fans looking for a glimpse of what made the dolls great had better keep looking. crummy crummy crummy crummy crummy crummy crummy crummy crummy crummy crummy crummy crummy stuff!
"frustration and heartache was all i got!".as a huge new york dolls fan, i rented this dvd with high hopes.  unfortunately i was left with only frustration and heartache watching it.  i was fortunate enough to see johnny thunders (original dolls lead guitarist) and jerry nolan (original dolls drummer) play max's kansas city as the heartbreakers in 1979.  they put on one of the rawest and most powerful rock performances i have ever seen.  their guitar/drum combinations influenced many bands that followed the dolls, including steve jones and paul cook of the sex pistols.  "how" i asked myself, "can you have a dolls reunion without johnny and jerry? wouldn't that be a bit like mick jagger reforming the stones without keith richards and charlie watts?"  watching this dvd i soon had my answer...surprisingly it is thunder's stand in steve conte that saves this dvd from being completely unwatchable.  he is an excellent guitarist and has some of thunder's fire and sound.  he even looks a bit like johnny. unfortunately he is a little too technically accomplished as is drummer gary powell who fills in for nolan.  they are both better musicians than any of the dolls ever were. perhaps that is why the sound doesn't quite work.  thunders and nolan locked into each other like one organism when they played.  nothing fancy, just rock solid, kick-ass rock and roll. conte and powell, while good, do not capture that same single-minded intensity of purpose. ..news flash for david johansen and syl sylvain. you are neither funky nor chic.  in fact you're both just pathetic. too much prattling between songs guys.  nobody cares. hey syl stick your tongue back in your mouth. nobody wants to see that thing.  oh yeah and stop kissing killer kane (r.i.p.).  it gets old after the 10th time! go back to driving a cab.  at least you can still do that. i seriously doubt davie joe can do anything productive anymore. he certainly can't sing. he's up there looking like a beat up 12th avenue hooker who's about ready for the mortician's slab. his "i don't care" attitude used to be cool. now it's just lame. he's up there swallowing st. john's wort and telling us he's "so depressed." so am i davie.  watching you...david johansen broke up the new york dolls when he told johnny thunders and jerry nolan they could be replaced. he finally made good on his threat 30 years later.  where ever thunders and nolan are right now they must be laughing their asses off!!!!
johansen disspointment....david johansen has been one of my all-time favorites since teenage years. i just thought his voice was like a wolfman, and his solo band for live it up was a revelation for me in my formative music listening years.. i have been a johansen fanatic all these years.. and i just got to ask.. is david ok? is he having drug problems? is he sick? is he eating right?? i saw him about two years ago for a solo show, and he looked nowhere as bad as this.. and, he gives the most lack-luster performance i would have never expected him to give.. souless most of the time.. incoherent.. it is so sad that this performance is the one saved for posterity.. i can not sit through this..
great movie, horrific transfer.this review is related to the 'tai seng' release of 'il mare'.  i actually think 'il mare' could be one of my top ten favorite korean movies but i will have to wait until a watchable version of this film is released on dvd in this country.  this release was horrible.  truly atrocious.  do these people watch the dvd's they produce?  the screen is stretched, aspects/ratio's anybody.  if that wasn't bad enough the gloomy haze of the picture prevents you from enjoying what may or may not have been beautiful scenery of the korean coastline.  if you've ever been victim of one of those bootleg dvd's where the screen is off-kilter and people suddenly start walking in front of the screen, well this isn't any better than that.  still, i watched the movie through and even through the haze  distortion i could discern that i liked the movie but will wait for a watchable version.  i know there's a region 0 double disc edition out there but i think that the transfer on that one sucks too.  i'm hoping that with the american remake with sandra bullock this lovely little film will get the dvd release it deserves. ie: watchable.  i gave my copy away to a friend at wor
not worth your time.the title says it all.  not scary, not good, and awful plot.  don't waste time or mone
another cheapo dvd from lions gate/artisan.my rating is for the dvd, not the film, which is one of the best lovecraft adaptations ever put on screen.  unfortunately, the cinematic morons at lions gate didn't deem the film worthy of a special edition, which shows you just how much they know about the horror genre: zero!  instead, they give us a bare bones dvd with a full screen transfer, which means you get only slightly better quality than the old vhs.  who the heck watches full screen movies anymore?  lions gate had no business releasing this film.  they should have licnensed it a dvd compnay that knows what they're doing, such as blue underground, anchor bay or synapse to name but a few
mediocre at best.i had nothing better to do on a saturday night so i watched this. truth is i miss tv movies a bit. over the past few years they've been reduced to types like these and those only of political/historical epic proportions. i miss ones like a friend to die for and no one would tell. but normal networks have stopped showing these so i go to this. .in she's too young because of peer pressure a girl has sex with a boy. then soon enough syphilis spreads like wildfire in her school and the community must take action. it's sad that an established actor like marcia gay harden has to go to this for work. i hope she got paid well.  the issue of why the main character has a computer in her own room and not out in the open is never brought up. i thought that was weird.
missed the target, on this one.....okay, this was an okay movie. i mean, leslie nielsen is a truely great comedic and legendary actor. but, this movie has a very lame storyline. it's just pure cheese.
watch "upstairs, downstairs" instead!.this is a very, very poor imitation of the outstanding series "upstairs, downstairs." yhe acting is not nearly as good, and it even borrows a bit of plot here and there.
oh, those poor racists lost their slaves, how sad!.(1) scarlett o'hara is the least likable "heroine" i've ever seen. she has no redeeming qualities..(2) we're supposed to sympathize with the south and feel nostalgia for the good old days when white folks could own black folks?.(3) this movie is way too long and dull..(4) i'm glad they burned atlanta to the ground..(5) there was nothing honorable or respectable about the old south and the plantation way of the life. the "gentlemen" were nothing but racists who thought they were aristocrats because blacks did all their work for them..(6) i'd rather watch "mandingo" than this racist garbage any day of the week
waste of money.this dvd is filled with 3 or 4 of the same cars that seems to be more of an advertising commercial for these tuners than anything else. complete waste of money if you are actually looking for some mean street machines. the film lacked substance and their novice approached is obvious, i actually switched it off after 20 mins
fantastical let down.unlike many, i hadn't seen this film when it first came out.  so it was with much anticipation that i recently sat down to watch it.  well, it stunk.  what a disappointment.  the only really good thing in there is leo mckern, who shines forth like a beacon in a fog of wooden acting and stilted dialogue.  show 'em how it's done, leo.  ..michelle pfeiffer is beautiful to look at, but her role is limited.  matthew broderick is clearly inexperienced this early in his career, and delivers his lines without any panache whatsoever, which hampers the film, since his character is supposed to be a quick-witted thief.  fortunately, he has come a long way as an actor since then.  rutger hauer is just plain bad...in defense of the director and crew, the film is prettily shot (with the exception of the poorly choreographed climactic fight scene) in well lit, scenic locations...otherwise, i would not recommend this film to anyone with expectations.
don't waste your money on this repeat!.i love callanetics (basic?).  i bought the vhs original in 1986 and have used it off and on for almost 20 (!) years.  the callanetics - stomach dvd doesn't offer anything new from the basic / original callanetics.  if you are interested in callanetics, buy the basic/original or super callanetics.  the stomach dvd is a waste of money
grandma's boy.i thought this movie would be hilarious. it has great veteran actress' in it. i was thoroughly disappointed with the movies drug and sex theme. it wasn't funny except in a couple spots
edited?!?!?!?!.why are werner/carsey so greedy??? the editing is inexcusable! and whoever hates this show, as roseanne said in one episode, "may they rot in hell!" i'm very glad that seasons 2-9 will not be edited. see, this isn't roseanne's fault. it's anchor bay's/tom werner's/marcy carsey's fault. i will, however, still buy this but only because i feel like i absolutely have to have it
use your vcrs/dvd recorders instead.i would like to add my voice to the outrage that this show was released in its edited form.  roseanne was a good show, and does not deserve to be treated like this.  alas, this seems to be a recurring pattern.  the first season of "the cosby show" was also released in its edited form, as was "alf."  the good news is that the future seasons will be uncut.  but do not buy the first season.  instead, fire up your vcr or dvd burner and get the episodes for free off nick at nite, or whatever other stations happens to play it.  you don't need to pay money for the same shows you can see for free every day.
won't buy edits!!.would you buy a meal if it edited the cheese from your burger and the ice from your drink? i wouldn't. maybe if enough of us voice this outrage we can make a change. i own season two and it really is very good. the best parts about roseanne are actually the dramatic moments, so let me be dramatic and say, i will never own season one if the way it is presented right now... even if it were given to me
great show, but i won't be buying season 1.edited?!?!?  no thanks.  i'd gladly pay for the original, uncut episodes on dvd (along with the "golden girls", "roseanne" was/is one of my all time favorite tv series), but there is no way i'm going to buy this set...someone at anchor bay should lose their job over this snafu.  seriously
unfunny and stupid.i'm going to weigh in on these dreadfully unfunny films.  these films are both stupid and terribly dated.  i can't understand how even a contemporary audience, back in the 1920s, could enjoy this unfunny nonsense.  i wanted to stay til the end, but i found myself fast forwarding because i just couldn't take it.  there is absolutely nothing funny about buster keaton or either of these terrible waste of time flicks
this film is an outrageous sacrilege!!!!!!!.many people will consider giving this movie such a low rating a sacrilege.this is understandable because so many people have grown up watching this film.i too loved this movie at a certain period of my life.the period between my birth and when i turned ten.that was when i read the book.the book is perhaps one of the greatest literary works ever created.it has now been awhile since i first read it,but i still remember the excitement i felt with each new chapter.i finished it in a few short hours.since then,i have reread it several times,and each time it has been just as enjoyable.it is a true classic that people of all ages can enjoy.my brother reads as little as possible, but even he loved it.the movie,on the other hand,has gotten worse with each subsequent viewing.it deters from the book in almost every way possible.it makes a mockery of each character through a combination of poor writing and horrible acting.judy garland is an absolutely abominable choice to play the plucky heroine,dorothy gale.in the book,dorothy was a little girl of about eight or nine and she was brave and clever.in the film,she is whiny,cowardly,fretful,and slightly stupid.she is also portrayed as being around fifteen.making her this old distorts the book and her older age doesn't fit with her childish behaviour and appearance.besides wrecking the book,this movie when looked at clearly is a terrible film.don't misunderstand me,i am a fan of musicals.however,this film made for an atrocious musical.practically every single song was annoying!!!!!also,the "somewhere over the rainbow" number did not suit the plotline as it was in the book.this brings me to the biggest,most awful,distortion of them all!!!in the book,dorothy really went to oz!!!!!not only that,she returned to oz several times in other oz books.eventually,she even moved there to live!!!in making the whole experience a dream,the entire story of oz was destroyed.having said that,this movie receives a 1 in my opinion.even so,i realize that many people will persist in liking this movie despite my words of wisdom.if they do sill consider this movie a favorite after reading the book,then the 3-disc dvd is the edition to purchase.the features look good and the picture is restored.as for me,i will spend my money on better things.
i fast-forwarded as fast as i could!.i saw this film when it first came out in the early 80s.  i was not impressed with it then.  i recently had a chance to view the video and thought i might feel differently.  well, no, i still think it's an awful film.  though i admire alot of jill clayburgh's work, i don't particularly care for films that glorify the agony of mental illness. also, this film needed a better director, casting, and script. i would give it zero stars if i could.
allen's tip of the hat to american middle class values.it's no wonder the writer and director of this film, woody allen, publically disparages this film every chance he gets.    middle class america loves this film. "why bother to seek answers to questions that are unanswerable?  just go about your business of raising a family and making money to the best of your ability."  and where has this led america?  it's this kind of thinking, this kind of belief system, that has americans on record as one of the most unhappy people to ever occupy the face of the planet. and it's this belief system that allen ultimately espouses in this film.  looking back on this film, in interview after interview, allen has essentially asked the question of himself, "what was i thinking??"    ..but in the evaluation of this film, i suppose there are other matters to contend with, like a great cast, wonderful camera work, a magnificent musical soundtrack, and some of the best humor to be found in any of his films...i thank my lucky stars, however, that allen went back to dealing with the real world after this film. i don't watch woody allen films for a portrayal of fantasy america.  i can watch just about any hollywood film for that...this was the last allen film to do big commercial business.  it makes sense. to reiterate, after this film, he went back to dealing with the real world.  most filmgoers are not interested in films that deal with the real world. i am very thankful that commercial success means very little to allen.  i highly respect him for this.
not what i expected.i bought this movie based on it's reviews and i have to say that i was disappointed. i really thought that it was going to be a great movie, but it wasn't for me.  i really wish i could get those two hours i spent watching this train wreck back. i say if your interested in purchasing a woody allen film rented it first, then buy it if you like it.  just because it's a woody allen movie doesn't mean it's a great movie not all of his movies are gems. if you've watched some of his formula romantic comedies this one is not for you and you can take that to the bank.
i'm waiting and waiting and still waiting to laugh.i knew what i was getting into when i sat down to an evening with "waiting."  i knew it was from the school of moronic, gross out humor.  but a friend passed the dvd on to me, so with respect, i emptied my head and put it on.  i expected some sophomore pranks, some groaning one liners, and maybe a few chuckles--but i was completely blindsided by a mind-numbing boredom that set it from this film...the setup was cute enough and the cast seemed appealing.  "shenanigans" is a great name for the establishment--and there is certainly plenty of humorous material in the corporate world of restaurant flair (already impeccably handled in "office space").  but any hopes of a sly satire or a witty commentary on that world were soon abandoned.  in fact, go watch "office space" again!  the few brief moments in that film set in a similarly themed restaurant are funnier and have more to say than all 90 minutes of "waiting."..so, as we are introduced to everyone through he eyes of a new employee played by a likable john francis daley i still had some hope.  but then we are introduced to "the game," a sophomoric exercise where employees flash their privates.  it was enough to make me smile, once.  but they beat this not-so-stellar joke to death almost immediately and proceeded to batter and kick and mutilate its unfunny carcass for the rest of the movie.  i'm not kidding, eliminate this one clunker of an ongoing joke and "waiting" probably would have been about 22 minutes!  now that would have been a real treat!   ..there is one scene near the end of the film when daley blows up that i enjoyed.  but one scene and a promising but unfufilled setup--do not make up for the other 89 minutes i was waiting and waiting and waiting to laugh. let me make this perfectly clear--in no way was i offended by the content of this film--i'm only bothered by it's incapacity to engage me in any humorous way
funny and bizarre.this movie is so bizarre but funny in certain ways. take a chance and rent it, just for laughs.
way  overhyped!.after reading all these reviews i decided to pick it up and after viewing this overhyped piece of junk i regret buying it.  this movie was not suspensful at all or scary, it was like watching a bad 70's after school special.  the ending was predictible from very early on.  i just don't understand why a lot of people give this movie 5 stars and i've seen it on a lot of peoples list of best horror movies of all-time and trust me, you will be dissapointed, it's not that good so save your cash.
buyer beware......check out my review of the companion set to this one called "50 western classics".  i have not actually seen this "gunslingers" collection, but if it is as bad as "50 western classics" (also issued by the same company), then you might want to think twice before you buy this.  buyer beware...  check out my review of "50 western classics"
i gave it a chance but....i have not heard much good about final fantasy unlimited, but i decided to give the show a chance since i am a final fantasy fan. the show did bring in many bits and pieces from the game series such as chocobos, the character cid, many summon creatures, and did a pretty good job with the fantasy setting. another positive for the show is the voice acting is overall, very good. the voices fits with the characters and the dubbing is well done. unfortunatley, these are only good remarks i have about the show...what is wrong with the show- quite a few things. first of all, the animation is odd. the combination of 3d graphics and 2d graphics did not fit together. also, many different animation sequences were used over and over again through the entire show. the show would have been better if all their time was spent on the 2d animation- adding shading, looking to see if characters looked proportional, and definitely better character design. of all the anime shows i have seen, this series takes the cake for the worst looking characters. i'm not talking about the main characters for they are fine, but the secondary characters and enemys look like they belong in a kiddy show. because of this horrible character design, it was difficult for me to get into the show. here is an example- the army of good guys are dressed in gray body suits with bulky black gloves, boots, and hoods; they have no muscle or facial definition at all and some of them appear fat; worst of all were their weapons- long pipes with which they blow darts out of. i often found myself laughing at the characters since they looked too ridiculous to be menacing or realistic...another big problem with the show was it became very predictable. in every single show, an enemy attacks the good guys and kaze uses his weapon, the magon, to save the day. the show quickly became boring. what annoyed me the most was the overkill with the chocobo pulling the little heroine girl's piggy tails. it wasn't funny the first time and it was dang annoying by the tenth time. another predictable thing was each time the show showed the evil emperor, he was eating some odd meal and loosely going over their evil plans. the writers had plenty of things to go more deeply into such as the conflict with makenshi and his brother, kaze's past and romance. i have seen tid bits of the manga and i believe a lot was left out...speaking of leaving things out, this is the last problem i had with final fantasy unlimited. at the end, there are many things i wanted to find out, mostly who died and who survived the final battle. it is left unknown if the kids, their parents, and the other main characters survived the ordeal and return home. also, the show never tells if the destroyed planets are restored. then there is the whole thing about the horrible monster omega and how his crystal fragments are scattered about wonderland. the show needed an extra episode or two to tie up these loose ends...i came with low expectations for the show and even then i was still disappointed. i highly suggest you don't waste your money on buying the dvd set or renting it
worst anime tv show i had seen in a few years.the only other ff material i've see is the movie and i didn't play any of the games yet so i'm not basing this review on that. after watching the first 3 dvdsand about 1/2 through the show i can say for me this show sucked. . the animation was bland and ugly looking. the c.g animation which was produced by gonzo was poor and didn't blend in at all.  (if you want good works by gonzo check out full metal panic, vandread, hellsing, gatekeepers and a few others).. the plot was seemed to aimed at kids under 12. 2 kids and an adult woman get on a train in an abandoned train station that leads them to a different world. there they meet a strange man(strong silent type). each episode goes something like this. the kids and woman get off the magic train at a strange place. the bad guy(kid??) sends his minions to where they 3 are. the man in black shows up(approx 7 min left in ep) and does nothing until the kids are in real danger then a light on his gun(attached to arm)turns on and he says "it has moved??" yells "soil is my power" (cue in 2 minute transformation sequence where he puts 3 different colored shells in it and shoots ) a creature pops out of the smoke and defeats the bad guy, then he goes away. the kids and woman then get back on train and the show is over.. that happens every single episode and there is very little plot development. come on at least pokemon has more of a plot.. this show is clearly aimed for kids 10 and younger which from what i understand is not a big "final fantasy" demographic. . strongly recommend a rental to see if you like it.
could've, would've, should've..the novel of the same name by joyce carol oates on which this movie was based is beautiful, moving, transcendent, heartbreaking, lyrical, and unforgettable...the movie, on the other hand, felt like the after-school special version of the book...do yourself a favor and read the novel instead. .."make them regret all they ever did to you and your sisters...
short but good nude scene, disappointing movie.well if you want to see angelina jolie young and naked in a short one time scene this is the movie to buy, if you don't then leave the movie alone it's just another teen rebelion movie
the medium contradicts the message.i was disappointed with this movie for a number of reasons. first, the choice of setting--which most people fall in love with--wrongly and ideally associates buddhist practice with lovely, isolated pastoral places, where peace of mind is the result of a post-card environment. the practice of buddhism would have been better illustrated in a more everyday setting, say, a seoul slum, or worse yet, in the house of an average, humdrum salaryman. those who are familiar with the films of ozu will know exactly what i am talking about. or, as wallace shawn puts it in my dinner with andre, why should we go to the peak of mr everest, when, if we just had our eyes open, seeing the contents of the cigar store next door would be enough to blow our minds. .secondly, i thought two of the subplots were totally "air-dropped" into the movie to satisfy the expectation of movie goers rather than to conform to any kind of realism. can someone explain to me why a woman would deposit a young, attractive girl in the care of two men on a floating platform in the middle of nowhere? monks or not, how could a mother expose her daughter to testosterone in a cloistered environment? why couldn't the sick patient have been a pimply teenage boy?  the other incident that "dropped" into the movie was the martial arts dance.  throughout the whole scene i kept questioning its relevance, and even wondered why the director didn't make the old master blind and call the young man "grasshopper" and challenge him to grab an object out of his hand. it seemed at this point that the medium had so overwhelmed the message that all that was really left was a pretty movie with a forced love plot, solitary kung fu, and some contrived, ham-handed lessons.
simply boring.ok,i know these are low budget movies and the main interest is seeing lana clarkson nude so i keep forwarding the disc until i had some skin scenes.i must say the torture rack scene in barbarian queen is quite good fact that doesn't occour in the sequel.poor acting and dialogue,bad staged sword fights,lots of extras and awful clothing.a set of flicks to see with your friends on a boring and rainy friday night
hum drum with dick and jane--ho hum with carrey and leoni.let me start out by saying that the idea of remaking "fun with dick and jane" actually seemed like a good idea to me.  the original was a pleasant romp, but not a "classic"--so an updating might be in order.  i was even cautiously optimistic when jim carrey was cast.  and then i started to hope, maybe this will finally be tea leoni's breakthrough.  this had hit written all over it...sadly, not so much success.....first, let me plug leoni--an actress with great comic sensibilities who keeps getting stranded in substandard fare.  dramatically, she has been in insufferable and contrived films like "house of d" and "spanglish."  she has also appeared in mediocre comedies like "the family man and this.  and she's done the action thing in the tepid "jurassic park 3," the laughably inane "bad boys" and "deep impact" (not necessarily a great movie, but at least she retained her dignity).  only "flirting with disaster," a terrific comedy by david o' russell, used her to full affect...jim carrey, i'll say right now, is a talented performer.  but he's also his own worst enemy.  he needs a director who can restrain him and actually make him turn in a performance.  here, he's bellowing to the rafters and screwing up his hammy face in hyperdrive.  well, i've seen this before, all too often.  there's no real character here--it's just carrey doing the carrey shtick that we're all supposed to love so much...as for the plot, it's all a bit silly.  after losing their jobs--leoni and carrey can't get work anywhere doing anything!  even though they are seasoned, successful professionals--carrey can't even hold down a job as a store greeter.  so, naturally they turn to a life of crime.  with a total lack of concern for anything ethical--they rip off individuals, neighborhood stores, corporate entities--all for a laugh.  heck, we wouldn't want them to lose the hot tub or big screen tv or maid!..cast as good guys, they are playing the villains.  there is no justification for their actions, they never question anything or display integrity.  they are not real characters anymore, they are bodies standing inside this picture so the script can play out to it's prolonged, preachy conclusion.  jim, i beg you--your popularity is waning--choose to be an actor--you've got it in you.
as dumbed down as the characters in the title.about the only memories i retain of the original "fun with dick and jane" (which i saw when it was released in 1977) are the grass-reclamation scene and jane fonda sitting on the toilet doing her business while she and hubby george segal discussed what next to do with their lives.  well, i'm here to report that, while the sod-recalling scene managed to find its way into the remake, the chat on the can did not.  under normal circumstances, i would hail that as a triumph for shrewd editorial judgment and good taste, but in this case at least, a bit of cheap potty humor might have gone a long way towards elevating the comic level of this current film...dick and jane harper are an upwardly mobile couple who fall on hard times when jane quits her job and dick loses his when the company he works for goes under due to a corporate scandal.  after trying to make ends meet as best they can, but being thwarted at every turn, dick and jane decide to turn to a life of crime, holding up convenience stores and coffee shops like a modern day version of bonnie and clyde.  eventually, however, they realize that they are aiming too low in their targets, so decide it's time to turn the tables on the ceo (alec baldwin) responsible for their woes and come up with an elaborate plan to hit the big boy of business where it will do the most good...what with the ken lay/enron scandal still fresh in our minds, the time would certainly seem ripe for some bright satirist to take on the subject of greedy ceos and general corporate malfeasance as fodder for ridicule.  but "fun with dick and jane" is certainly not that movie.  instead of finely-honed wit and sophistication, the screenplay (credited to no fewer than five writers!) gives us inane slapstick routines that cater to the lowest common denominator audience imaginable.  perhaps, if this hadn't been fashioned to be a starring vehicle for jim carrey, the film might have been able to provide more in the way of humor than some cheap mugging and endless mindless pratfalls.   carrey has rarely been more annoying than he is here, and even the normally appealing tea leoni is at a loss as to how to make this hopeless material work.  in short, this is a dreadful, drearily unfunny travesty that makes the original "fun with dick and jane" look like "dr. strangelove" in comparison...i never thought i`d miss that toilet scene so much
tries too hard.fun with dick  jane is a so-so remake of the 70's original with george segal and jane fonda.  updated in the era of enron and high-tech electronics, it loses a lot of the innocent, free-spirited fun of the original.  carey, as usual, has some scenes that have no other purpose than to showcase his rubber-faced expressions and leoni seems rather tired of the whole thing. i actually fell asleep two-thirds of the way through; for a comedy, that's not a good thing
dvd transfer quality, or lack thereof.i'm a big baumbach fan so i thought i'd grab this dvd to put in my collection. unfortunately it's almost too horrible to watch because of the video transfter quality. the vhs copy isn't like that, i rented it from bb just to see. anyway, i wouldn't suggest buying this dvd unless you want a horrible ...  peice of work
tape i received was defective..sorry, i cannot write a review for this product because the one i received would not play.  all other tapes i have received from amazon have been very good
ummmmm.so sad. someone get her help....please? i have never felt this way even after watching the worst soft core, skin-a-max porn,. this has pushed me to a limit i have never experienced. and not in a good way. man, what has this world come to. no wonder she is tweeked out after starring in this dreck.
read my review for skyscraper it's the same thing.....even though it's not a quot;moviequot;, everything i said on my skyscraper/to the limit review applies her
not even so bad it's good,just bad!!.i thought this would at least be funny! wrong!!! just bad and the print is the worst!!
disgusting!.the viuals were good, the actors were bad and the story line just blows
great visuals but couldn't stomach the horrible dialogue.i am a big fan of frank miller's work and i loved reading the graphic novels the movie was adapted from. when i saw this film i was blown away by the visuals. it had an amazing graphic style that was very different than anything i had seen in a movie before...having mentioned it's good points i have to say i was enormously disappointed with the dialogue and some of the story adaptation to screen. it seems to me those involved in the screenplay and production were too concerned with adapting this in an overly faithful manner from the graphic novel to the big screen. for the most part the bad dialogue and some of the terrible acting in parts were just too painful to sit through. i had to keep checking to see if my ears were bleeding yet...each extraordinarily bad line or horribly acted sequence made we wince like i was being mugged. what works in a graphic novel doesn't necessarily work as well when adapted directly to screen without a bit more adaptation than you'll see here. all the characters were severely and tragically 2-dimensional with none of the depth you get from reading the graphic novel and very little attention was paid to developing better dialogue suitable for a big screen experience. also, many of the big name actors in this movie were capable of much better performances than they displayed here...purists and rabid fans of the graphic novel may be capable of somehow finding a way to look past all the terrible acting and awful dialogue that is rife throughout the film. however, my bottom line opinion is it's a good film to watch for the visual look only, but you will almost certainly enjoy it far more if you keep the 'mute' button on. this film had the potential to be truly great but it is extremely disappointing that it fell so far short of that mark
only for historian.talked very little about the planes themselves and their development respectively.  instead it focus on the history of the company.  make thing even worse, the company history part repeats on both section (b747 and 777) which makes the tape extremely boring
it'll never get off the ground.the 747 video, produced in 1989 is incredibly dated, with poor video quality and too much background information on the boeing company and not enough on the plane itself. the 777 segment reuses much of the same content and has many glaring errors where the voiceover does not match the video. for example: the british hermes airliner is discussed as footage of a lockheed constellation is shown, and the manufacturing process of the 777 is discussed while showing footage of a 747 under construction. it's obvious that the producers of the 777 segment did not bother to research their subject matter and merely hacked the show together with footage they had available to them. avoid this video and visit just planes videos for serious commercial aviation videos produced by true enthusiasts for true enthusiasts
very little information, emotions not details.this dvd has very little info about the planes, and material is repeated in 777 section
aghghhhhh, this is awful!.this has got to be one of the worst films i've ever seen. the characters are pointless and one-dimensional. the guy is a jerk and inspires no sympathy. they have sudden fights over apparently nothing. in fact, there is no cause-and-effect in this movie at all! things just happen randomly for no apparent reason. there's no real story. the takes are boring; most scenes hum along endlessly making for quite boring viewing. the violent ending wasn't even believable! instead of inspiring any kind of shock or sympathy, i was left just thinking "what the...???" really, really pointless all around
nonsene in the worst french way.david, one of the most annoying actors you'll ever encounter, and katia, a red-haired frenchwoman who has had a lobotomy (i think) travel the california desert in their red hummer, scouting for "locations" and then have loud, not very appealing sex in their motel room.  then three madmen appear out of nowhere and sodomize david.  their appearance is like the viewer's wish granted: characters so willfully uncompelling should be chastised, although the real punishment should be dished out to the director.  he apparently watched a few michaelangelo antonioni films in his youth and thinks he can do it too.  he can't.
curious, unsettling, and highly questionable.when i rented twentynine palms, i knew it would showcase bruno dumont's taste for dispassionate portrayals, violence of various sorts, and shock. in spite of this mental preparation, this very atmospheric film built to a grotesque resolution that left me, a seasoned viewer, rattled. unfortunately, the shock and awe that the film achieves is short lived. twentynine palms is modeled on the horror film, but, like many of its american cousins, the horror it achieves failed to haunt me. the film as a whole left me with an unsettled feeling, as if a cynic had just talked my ear off.  i also had the sense that this was more about the worldview of the director, rather than the world his film creates...sam peckinpaw's straw dogs is in ways a similar but superior film. i can admire straw dogs based on its many strengths, so long as i avoid viewing it as the man-as-animal fable that peckinpaw intended. it isn't that i disagree with his view of humans as domesticated animals. i see the film as a rare example of violent drama and technical virtuosity transcending the simplicity of its maker's defense. whether peckinpaw has a point or not seems beside the point. of course, the trick with any argument is in having good evidence. in pressing one's point of view, there is, almost inevitably, an artful description of a scene, one that reflects the viewer's position. in this way, films have the strange ability to create their own myths; their own arguments. to invest a film with one's views too forcibly can dull the work's independent life, its peculiar logic, with the sententiousness of fables. ..watching twentynine palms, it seems impossible to avoid questioning dumont's personal views. this is because so many of the events described in the film are implausible. lacking believable characters and action, one naturally develops a sense that the director is revealing something to us that we haven't seen; something unique to his vision. if the strange behavior of the two principles was about their uniqueness and their relationship (e.g. as outsiders) then why would dumont undercut their characterization, denying us a belief in them as individuals, or, more profoundly, as points of identification? i gradually came to view the two principles as an every-couple, with private rhythms and misunderstandings that might appear absurd if made public. this seemed like a worthy focus, but dumont forces it to play against a theme of violence, both seen and unseen. the violent atmosphere of the film was something i couldn't account for until the resolution, and even then with difficulty. ..toward the end of film, we're given a horrific equation of two orgasms: that of the male protagonist and that of his rapist, the film's principle antagonist (aside from the desert). both orgasms are shown to be dangerous, powerful, and unspeakable (or, at least, not clearly worded). this equation discounts the context in which the orgasms occur, leaving the viewer with no reliable distinction of the protagonists from their insanely hostile environment. clearly, the bourgeois, carefree lifestyle of the couple is set up to be cut down (a horror convention), but dumont makes the attack personal in the most perverse way. from early in the film on, the protagonists suggest an inner horror, which is unmitigated by their lovemaking, and perhaps even feeds on their relationship. the irrationality of their environment makes the couple our most recognizable guides on this strange road trip, but they demonstrate their own measure of insanity. the male half of the couple betrays an undercurrent of sadism that eventually explodes as an act of sexualized murder. the female's deviance is less clearly defined, but there are several scenes in which she is shown inviting harm. if our trip, as it seems, is through a kind of anti-eden, and our guides are an every-couple, with no structured identity of their own, then their deviancy would suggest a kind of universal infection, or nature, rather than an aberration of character. this would also render the criminality of the final scenes uncertain, in light of their amoral setting...some would say that the best criterion for judging a horror film is whether it horrifies, regardless of how. this is an unsettling film. it is also an especially tasteless one. in watching this dvd, it may be useful to some viewers that dumont can be found rationalizing his use of violence (indeed, his violence as an artist) in an interview, in a director's statement, and in the course of the film itself
weak girl/girl scenes in an otherwise lame video!.i guess back in 1980 this one was groundbreaking, but today it comes across as a very so-so women-in-prison film.  the scenes involving women with other women are disappointing and not at all erotic.  yes, there's some nudity, but not much else.  there's a lot of violence, but it's mostly stupid stuff that is supposed to look real but looks pathetic instead...there's one interesting scene near the beginning where the female warden entertains a wealthy woman, showing her a pretty female inmate she can purchase for her own pleasure.  a great idea, but later, once she actually owns the girl, their scenes together are bland and unimaginative.  and finally, after the girl has tried to run away one too many times, she drowns her in a really fakey scene on the beach.  like i said, unerotic and pathetic.
i was disappointed.yes, this was a good workout for your heart.  but i felt stupid doing it.  i felt like i couldn't follow along very well, and that i was like a chicken flapping my arms and feet around, lol.   the yoga section i really liked, but the dancing part i was not so fond of
lame.its very boring and unrealistic. you baciscally got to be tripin balls to get the point. its wird that the grim reeper would be a perky up beat girl that rides a padle. the hero is a greasy street punk with wird hair. basically the only reason i gave in two stars is because sometimes they say funny things. if your a little kid you might like it but if your older you might want to expand your horizons.
what's the point?.play this movie at 2x speed with the subtitle turned on and you won't miss a thing. it has minimum dialog (the main female character being mute) and is painfully slow. ..the dvd cover photo is misleading--this is not a beautiful movie. the characters are unattractive and the cinematography monotonous. ..the people who say "noone goes to the movies to have a bad time or to learn anything" were proven wrong by the success of united 93, which is not enjoyable but riveting. the isle, unfortunately, is neither entertaining nor educational. i am not a prude and appreciate a good erotic thriller, but the only thing i'm left with after watching this one is revulsion. those who gave this movie 5 stars are describing the emperor's clothes.
doesn't live up to its promise.i am an asian cinophile, and i love suspense and action films.  i can also appreciate the asthetics of quiet, space, and subtlty.  this film really didn't move me on any of those levels however.  the eroticism was fleeting, suspense soggy, and drama weak.  not recommended.
spring summer fans...give this a pass.i have never written an online reveiw and never intended too, but this film was so terrible, brutal and boring (which is an amazing combination in itself) that as a service to other people who enjoyed this directors later film "spring, summer, fall, winter...and spring" i felt compelled to issue this warning. ..  this is perhaps the worst film i have seen in years.  in this film you will see the following: several live fish caught, thrown onto a dock and hacked to pieces with a knife as the flop around, a bird drown in its cage, a woman insert fish hooks into her vagina and yank on the fish line to set them in, a man deficate (shot up from below so you miss nothing) another fish thrown on the floor and having battery cables attached, a dog beaten, women slapped and degrated, and a frog having his brains bashed in as he is slammed against a rock and then skinned...  and in spite of all this sadistic stuff going on, i was bored. this is truly a piece of crap. i will not even address the plot as it is already reveiwed many time. but if you are looking for horror, look elsewhere, every death, man and animal, is shot in a slow drawn out distant way. not scary... is there nudity and sex, yes shot in the same ditracted slow boing way... i am not sayiny that this movie isn't making some kind of statement, just that the statement is brutal and slow and shallow... oh and i forgot to mention the fish that is cut into sushi and eaten while alive, but not enough to kill it, and then allowed to swim away with huge gashes of flesh missing on either side... i am not some peta vegan liberal tree hugger but the cruelty inflicted (not fx) on the animals in this film just to try to fill up boring gaps in this boring piece of crap is disgusting... there are better films than this to see, try "vertcal ray of the sun" for instance.
great costumes; odd plot-- disappointed at ormewood terrace..i absolutely love period movies and the effort taken to make this film was extraordinary. as much as i am about to share with you my disappointment with the film-- i did not want it to end. but perhaps therein lies the problem. maybe i am missing a disc or so (or maybe amazon should make it clear that it is only making available, in the disc set, the first few episodes of the series) but what was provided in this set leaves a plethora of unresolved issues. the major downfall of the series for me was the role and actual acting of the central protaganist, molly gibson (played by justine waddell). her character was so unrelentingly judgmental and self righteous that i think it comprised the entire enjoyability of the storyline. perhaps ms. waddell indeed played the part of molly gibson artfully but it was without resolution or development. there was no complexity to her character. the last disc leaves you wondering -- so, does it ever come out that molly is in love with the archeologist? does he marry her beautiful sister? i love drama and there was a lot of drama present in the series -- however it was like drama without a purpose. the entire cast was all dressed up with no where to go. in sum, very, very disappointing. the very first 45 minutes of the first dvd is unforgivably boring and then after you will be positively glued to the program. always waiting for resolution of some problem or issue. it rarely comes i tell you and before you know it you will be knogging your brain about the turn out of some new matter. for the money and time investment --maybe take a pass or definitely purchase used. very used.
horrible.this was one of the worst films i've ever seen. i had a movie review show when this movie came out and i gave it the worst review of any movie i saw in the 3 years i was on the air. i very nearly left the theatre...tasteless and unfunny jokes that capitalized off the o.j. simpson trial. that was about it...the only good thing about jury duty is that it gives young fledgling actors and writers hope that they too can make a movie. if studios are making junk like this, they'll make anything...why in gods name do we have a dvd release of jury duty and still no dvd release of gems like: monster squad, night of the creeps, spellbinder, trojan war, double cross, love is a gun, hardbodies, the legend of billie jean, dark tide, listen, amanda and the alien, a house in the hills, swatters, gross misconduct, shotgun love dolls, private school, the inside, andy richter controls the universe, get real and i could go on and on and on... ..if you're wondering what happened to pauly shore's career... watch this movie and you'll have your answer
pauley's 5 but the movie's a 1.i agree with the previous reviewer that this is a terrible movie but thats where the agreement ends because i disagree with him that pauley shore is a shame to the acting community! i really like pauley shore and think he has made some darn funny movies and he was very good in them especially encino man, biodome and son in law. what i didn't like about jury duty wasn't pauley shore, i thought he was good but it was what he had to work with that wasn't good like a terrible script and humor that just wasn't very humorous so the 1 star is for the movie but pauley shore himself would get a 5
pauley is a 5 but the movie's a 1!.i agree with the previous reviewer that this is a terrible movie but thats where the agreement ends because i i disagre with him that pauley shore is a shame to the acting community! i really like pauley shore and think he has made some darn funny movies and he was very good in them especially encino man, biodome and son in law. what i didn't like about jury duty wasn't pauley shore, i thought he was good but it was what he had to work with that wasn't good like a terrible script and humor that just wasn't very humorous so the 1 star is for the movie but pauley shore himself would get a 5
pauley is a 5 but the movie's a 1.i agree with the previous reviewer that this is a terrible movie but thats where the agreement ends because i i disagre with him that pauley shore is a shame to the acting community! i really like pauley shore and think he has made some darn funny movies and he was very good in them especially encino man, biodome and son in law. what i didn't like about jury duty wasn't pauley shore, i thought he was good but it was what he had to work with that wasn't good like a terrible script and humor that just wasn't very humorous so the 1 star is for the movie but pauley shore himself would get a 5
pauly shore = a shame to the acting community!.man, this was bad, i mean bad! the movie had the potential to be a vry good comedy, had the protagonist been anyone othen than the obnoxious, untalented, the big ex-mtv guy called payly shore.there are some funny jokes in the script, but most of them are ruined when they are in the mouth of the lousy performance by shore. the guy seems to be moking the audience, it's hard to describe...anyway, the movie is not a total loss, there are good ideas and a solid supporting cast
disappointed..ok i don't mind a dumb comedy once in awhile, dumb and dumber, the mask, and billy madison were dumb but they were funny but i was disappointed with jury duty i just didn't find it funny at all! i had bought this tape from a video store because it was a previously viewed tape they were selling for a really inexpensive price and since i did enjoy another pauley shore movie i decided to buy the previously viewed jury duty tape but when i watched it i was very disappointed, i was so bored and barely made it to the end! i gave the tape away to a relative who liked the movie so it wasn't a total waste of money
so disapointing!.let me premise this review by stating that i love leisa hart and her dvds. i am used to getting either a solid cardio workout or solid sculpting workout from her, but this dvd delivered neither. if you're looking for some sexy stripper moves, then this is a good one, but if you want a workout, then skip it
disappointed in illinois.i have been exercising (pilates  low impact cardio) regularlly (five days a week) for several months.  i wanted to purchase a few dvds that would target specific areas that we women deal with: buns, arms, and abs.  i have purchased two leisa hart dvds: sexy arms and sexy buns.  i love the sexy arms dvd but i really do not like the sexy buns dvd.  the exercises are quickly paced and very difficult to follow.  as soon as you figure out the exercise leisa switches to a new exercise.  each exercise is only done for 2-3 reps.  this is not enough reps to even warm up the buns, and definitely not enough to tone them.  proof is in the workout: i was excited to recieve the dvd and thus did the entire work the first day.  i felt no burn and no soreness.  although the filming is good, the background colorful, and instructor cheerful; the workout is disappointing. use your money to buy an effective dvd. sorry, i can't recommend one, i'm still looking
junk food for the retarded mind.it is quite simple to summarize this movie. stupid, mundane comedy void of intelligence coupled with ignorant red-neck jargon. if you are one of those dumb people who actually "think" on occasion, then this film is not for you. .  the seemingly endless popularity of this garbage is indicitive of the continued decline of intelligence both on screen, and in the seats of theaters
not that good, unoriginal, i've seen better !.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------.hi.. .i just finished watching invasion a few days back, i saw the show on dvd, and to tell the truth i was expecting an excellent series after reading all those positive reviews, but i was quit dissapointed with it, it wasn't good at all, in fact most episodes were boring. .no wonder it has been canceled, because it had no potential of getting any better soon and was really really boring and unoriginal. ..* some spoilers* .first of all, i thought the whole idea of the show was unoriginal and we've seen this idea in many many movies and tv shows ( examples include invasion of the body snatchers and the faculty ) actually it was very very similar to the movie the faculty, same idea with the whole aliens and thier preference to water ! .the episodes were very slowly progressing, at many times boring, nothing really happens ! one episode, someone falls into the water, he comes back changed, people are uncomfortable with that change. then, next episode another person falls in the water, comes back and the cycle continues, nothing new really happens in the first few episodes. .the final episodes weren't that good either and very predictable, actually the whole show was predictable, i mean i knew where it was going from the start, ( people changing and being taken over by aliens, more and more join in and eventually aliens want to take over the world, hmmmmmm, i didn't see that coming ?! ) ..im not sure why fans like this show and keep asking for it to come back, if it were for me i wouldn't watch a second season of this show, and im glad there isn't another season, because it really sucked ! .there are several other shows that are far more superior to this boring show, ( examples include : x-files, millennium, miracles, 24, lost and battlestar galagtica ) .actually, im very dissapointed in wasting my money on this show, if you haven't seen this, my advice is don't buy it and save your money, because it is not worth it ..i gave it one star because of some good acting by some, and good sepcial effects, but overall, it is a failure
underwhelming.i remember when this ran on espn2 during the week between christmas  new year's back in 2000. i'm a huge fan of the microgenre of football movies...but this one stays at the bottom of the barrel. ..pettine sr. seems like a class act  worthy of the respect "local legend" high school football coaches deserve. his son, pettine jr, coaches at the rival school but lacks the charisma to make this documentary work.  maybe the footage of him not seeming like a dolt didn't record right  thus we have no reason to root for him or his program at the finale. rather than having a bittersweet moment at the ending after the dad plays the head-to-head season finale against the son, pettine jr seems kinda clueless giving the old guy a half-hearted handshake.  so much for paternal respect  love...had the potential to be great w/the setup. but don't let the glowing summary trick you...there's no emotional payoff to speak of for "the last game."  football, after all, has driven grown men to tears on numerous occassions. your time would be better spent watching brian's song, rudy or the nbc series "friday night lights." even reruns of mtv's "two-a-days" about hoover of alabama would be superior if you prefer the doc/reality tv style
lol~!!!.if you want uncut original version, always look for original licensed production. not us release. its a foreign film, it should not be us version to begin with~! hello!!!?? why settle for less with us version where they edit and cut so many excellent scenes especially with jackie's fighting scenes. and us release ruins the speed and sound as well. i have been collecting jet li movies both hk and us release version for quite some time now. i found hk version to be much more in enjoyable, and higher in quality. american market always like to "americanize" and "control". regional code regulation thing is one of the example to control the market. why not let everyone enjoy the same hk original release move the same way rest of the world enjoys it ?? no one makes hollywood american movies to "french version" or "chinese version" ~! this what americans are doing~! well, enjoy the cheap "american version" then~! lo
like crack: addictive, but rots your brain.(note: the following comments apply to all seasons)..this is a really awful show. i mean, it's not as bad as most of the crap on noggin, but it's still pretty awful. which is sad really, because the writers do try to make it a good show in their own eyes. and, apparently, the eyes of any 12-year-olds who are dumb enough to believe this crap, which is nothing more than propaganda cheaply disguised as drama, encouraging kids to eat all their veggies and stay virgins for their whole lives. ..okay, enough trash-talking. it's time for me to explain why this show is so awful. sadly, it's not one big simple thing. it's a whole bunch of big simple things. i'll start with the one that bugs me the most: unforgivably inaccurate representations of every single "issue" (translation: newspaper headline) that the show "deals with" (translation: poorly uses as a plot device). for example, take the season 1 finale "jagged little pill". in this episode, a character named ashley (the only tolerable one in the bunch) takes one hit of ecstasy and starts speaking gibberish, losing motor control, and doing a few other things. the problem here is that ecstasy doesn't do any of the things that happen to ash in this episode! ash then spends the entire summer in rehab, which no one in the real world goes to unless they're addicted to something. example number two: a character named toby, downcast about being circa 50 pounds overweight, forgoes solid food. he lasts about 2 or 3 days at the most before fainting. sorry, but in the real world, you'd have to get to well below 100 pounds and stay there for a while before you pass out from a lack of calories. in this same episode, a girl who must weigh at least 200 pounds gets a job as a plus-size model and lays the smackdown on a fast food clerk who mocks her physical condition. what's the moral of the story here? that it's okay to be morbidly obese? ..alright, second problem. the characters are all horribly one-dimensional stereotypes who lack the brainpower that god gave a jellyfish. whenever a character is placed in a situation that involves any kind of decision-making, they can always be counted on to take the stupidest, most irrational course of action that the writers can get away with. said characters are as follows: the big dumb immature jock (spinner), the glamour queen with minions (paige), the class clown (jt? or is it tj?), the clueless crusader (emma), the token angry black guy (jimmy), the token fruitcake (marco), the bad boy from a broken family (sean), two smart people with glasses who are horribly out of shape (liberty and toby), and two people (ashley and craig) who almost resemble real, normal people. there's also manny, who originally had the personality of a toaster and was only on the show to give emma someone to talk to other than her computer; later, the writers decided to make her the official tramp wannabe. every single one of these characters has been seen on at least a dozen sitcoms before, and almost as many real-world high schools. ..problem number three. everyone gets busted. always. for everything. this makes the plots extremely predictable, and predictable plots are never a good thing. jimmy takes spinner's ritalin prior to a basketball game? gee, he got kicked off the team, what a shock! craig cheats on ash with manny? oh, i'm sure ash will never find out... so boring. it's counterproductive, too: the characters never regret their actions out of guilt, only out of punishment. what's the lesson? it's only wrong because you got busted? ..fourth problem. lack of realism and balance. for example, the two smartest kids in the school, as previously mentioned, both wear glasses and are horribly out of shape. smart people in the real world are just as physically fit and can see just as well as the rest of us. also, i've noticed that the only time the characters ever have sex is in the context of cheating. nobody ever has sex with the person they're actually dating. why? because god forbid that anyone who watches this show get the impression that losing your virginity in high school won't totally ruin your life. ..anyway... i have a million and one other gripes with this show, but i think i've said enough. i will admit that this show is extremely addictive, even for someone who hates it as much as i do, and it's a bit better than the likes of boy meets world or beverly hills 90210. and i do kind of have to respect what the writers are trying to do with all the aesop's fables b.s. but really, if you want a quasi-realistic high school drama, watch boston public, or at least freaks and geeks (a very overrated show imo). but for the love of all that is good and holy, if you don't want your brain turned into grape pudding, then stay away from degrassi.
i hate degrassi.listen to me well, my friends. by doing what i say, you will save yourself alot of pain and money. i hate this show with all of my heart and i cant bear to have another person be stabbed in the eye by this show. the plots are absurd, the charecters inforce negative streotypes and labels, and the acting is so horrible you wish that the actors were inanimate objects. now, ont listen to what these other idiots who are telling you about how "realistic" this show is. save yourself and your children alot of pain and boycott degrassi. this show needs to be put in the ground.
disjointed....sadly, it could have and should have been something...instead it is nothing more than a mess..joe unger and  the actor who played the perverted gas station attendant with the white film over one eye.are very good. this, however, is hardly enough to recommend the flick.
sucks eggs!.what, another stupid sequel to a crappy horror mess? i did not know that studios were this desperate for some lousy cash. this franchise needs to be destroyed. skip this and look at another product
why? why god why?(this is not a religious review!).im a huge horror/slasher flicks, but why the hell would you go so far as to make a 3rd texas chainsaw movie when the 2nd was bad enough. this 1 of the worst horror movies ever to be seen by human eyes. the plot is terribly stupid, the charectors are completley hateable,the location is dull, and the whole movie all togeather a boring peice of $hit! i feel so pathetic to waste 2 hours of my life on this $hit. writing this review makes me feal a little better wich is why im doing it. please dont make the same mistake. not even if your the biggest tcm fan, dont do it. actually attepting school would be funner. buy or rent the first tcm and just end it
overacted and overdramatized.i have no issues with the substance of the film; its interpretation of the intentionally vague surviving record of the wannsee conference is as plausible as any other. however, especially when compared to the earlier german production "die wannseekonferenz" (available in this country only on vhs), it is seriously defective as a historical reenactment. it starts with the silly overflight scene at the beginning and the waiter dropping the dishes at the beginning and then gets worse. many of the characters are ridiculously overacting  and become almost caricatures, especially the vulgar, pork-faced klopfer, but also kritzinger, who would be great playing an english aristocrat, but fails utterly at the portrayal of a faceless german bureaucrat. to add drama, the meeting seems to be interrupted constantly by food breaks, and eichmann puts more effort into his role as catering manager than anything else. the breaks, none of which seem documented during what was a very short meeting, also give the director plenty of opportunity to add more fictional tension, bathroom discussions, and interaction between characters. there is little indication that there was as much interpersonal conflict as depicted here. the german version has some of the same weaknesses, but much milder; in "conspiracy", they become much too distracting
a stunningly weak season.i love smallville.  i have since season one.  it seems to me that it's been decreasing in quality since its first season, though.  season one was excellent.  season two was great through most of it, but the clark-lana relationship began getting a little ridiculous toward the end of the season.  season three got off to a fantastic start, but it had a very weak midsection.  with the infamous season four, smallville hit rock bottom.  it's pretty lame television; there's poor acting, poor directing, poor photography, poor music, horrible writing ... i found myself thinking throughout the season, "if you fail in the land of television, you join the crew of smallville."  i wasn't pleased to be thinking it, but i was...it's clear what the season's major problem was - creators/executive producers alfred gough and miles millar knew how they wanted the season to begin and end, but didn't know what to do in between.  sure enough, the first five or so episodes of the season are wonderful, particularly the season premiere, which introduces the character of lois lane, played by erica durance.  that too, is one of the season's problems - lois lane.  durance is an excellent choice for the role, but lois should not be here.  it's problematic enough having lex luthor know clark kent as a teenager; having clark kent know lois lane, and - even worse - hate her, is going to take some incredible writing to fix up later.  this is just one of many ways that gough and millar have f****d up the superman mythos; their biggest problem (why, guys, why?) is making jor-el (voiced by terence stamp, who played general zod in superman ii!) send clark to earth not to protect and guide its people, but to conquer the planet.  why?!..as i've said, the writing is terrible.  the whole "kids in smallville have been affected by kryptonite and are now mutated" storyline was growing old by season three; it's really worn its welcome by season four.  the storylines for the episodes aren't always so bad; it's the dialogue that really catches the writers.  also, the characters often feel one-dimensional and boring.  clark becomes rather oafish, while chloe deals out cringeworthy one-liners.  lana becomes nothing short of a moron, thanks to some very weak acting from kristin kreuk (whom i loved in season one).  i couldn't help thinking of buffy the vampire slayer throughout this season; how witty the dialogue was, how ingenious the storylines, how utterly flawless the show was.  but not smallville.  how stunning this show could've been if someone with joss whedon's talent had had a hand in it...the acting does have its moments, like everything else.  michael rosenbaum is consistently good as lex luthor, and john glover is, as always, fantastic.  jane seymour guest stars in numerous episodes of the season, and she is terrific.  unfortunately, her character's storyline is rather silly.  the story for this season involves three ancient kryptonian stones scattered across the world.  reuniting them supposedly does something great.  naturally, everyone's after the stones, including clark, who is warned by jor-el not to let the stones enter human hands.  there's a little subplot in there, however, about lana lang's ancestor being a witch who now takes to possessing lana frequently.  it's very foolish...for all its faults, this season does have its share of good episodes.  like i said, the first five or so episodes of the season are great, particularly the premiere, "crusade".  "devoted", in which smallville high cheerleaders are spiking the football players' drinks with kryptonite to make them be more faithful, is very fun.  "run", which introduces the character of the flash, is good but not great.  "transference", however, is great.  in the episode, clark and lionel luthor switch bodies.  it's a very well-written and -directed episode.  "spell" is the most notorious episode in the show's history, in which lana, chloe and lois are possessed by the spirits of three ancient witches.  "unsane" and "pariah" feature the return of alicia (from last season's "obsession"); they're both very good episodes.  "onyx" is one of the season's best episode, in which lex is split into two parts by black kryptonite - good lex and evil lex.  "blank" is the series' inevitable memory loss episode, and it's surprisingly good.  the wb apparently decided to cash in on the semi-success of warner bros. remake of house of wax by making an episode in which a smallville student creates a replica of the high school complete with students; that episode is titled "forever" and would actually be quite good if it wasn't for the whole wax storyline.  the real reason to buy the season is the finale: "commencement", a stunning 50-minute episode filled with explosions, revelations, and cliffhangers galore.  it's quite possibly the best episode of the series yet...was i happy with smallville season four?  no.  i was disappointed to the point of tears.  i love this show, but what had it become?  a joke, weak in every aspect.  however, i know that some people enjoyed this season, and it does have a number of fine episodes.  fortunately, the series made up for this terrible season with the subsequent one
around the world in 80 days (two-disc special edition).excellent...cantinflas y david niven just only excellen
great panoramas. repugnant story..i do not like movies or stories where people get in trouble by doing things they know they should not do. i like them even less when they hurt innocent people by doing things they know they should not do...summary: two people use their lust for each other as an excuse to fall down on their jobs, break commitments they make to their spouses, and hurt people they love, but their long-lasting love for each other helps them avoid depression...if these two people had been a man and a woman, this would be just another adultery movie. but because this is a mainstream movie about gays, it shocks people into ignoring the fundamental theme of abuse. if two lovers make the mistake of marrying other people, they should either live with the mistake, or get a divorce (preferably before having children). they should not punish their spouses and children for their mistake...[...]...other people obviously enjoy watching stories of abusers. i don't
cheyenne the complete first season.its got subtitles at the bottom of the screen,my brother is upset over this
disappointed!.commercial studio releases are not suppose to be missing 20% of each original episode!  these episodes run as short as 40 and half minutes!!!!!!!!!!!!!.great series - pitiful release - especially for a major studio! even worse,.the original song with lyrics has been replaced by an instrumental track - my vote for the worst release of a great series by a major studio - the amazon facts say running time of 780 minutes - the boxset actually says 630 minutes.- like i said - short about 10 min of each of the 15 episodes! amazon should correct this error also - it's misleading
basic  (2003).director:  john mctiernan.cast:  john travolta, connie nielsen, samuel l. jackson, timothy daly, giovanni ribisi, brian van holt, taye diggs, dash mihok, christian de la fuente, roselyn sanchez, harry connick jr..running time:  98 minutes.rated r for violence and language...john mctiernan's (the mastermind behind "die hard") "basic" opens up in a rain-drenched panama jungle at night on an army training mission headed by sergeant west (samuel l. jackson). flash forward to the next day. an army chopper picks up two men from the training mission, one injured and one very much alive. the injured man, kendall (giovanni ribisi), is sent to a hospital, and the alive man, dunbar (brian van holt) is sent in for questioning by the very sexy and very southern osborne (connie nielsen). dunbar refuses to speak to anyone except a ranger. so in comes ranger tom hardy (john travolta) to piece together the events surrounding the death of sgt. west and his team.  most of the film takes place at night, during a rainy hurricane, and adds to the nonexistent plot. what is so intriguing is that the plot isn't really there, but the writer tries to manifest one, and we feel as if we are staring at some nonexistant, material wad of words and flashbacks and images thrown together in a blender, the writer hoping for it to come out smelling of roses.  ..the writer of "basic", james vanderbilt (whose screen crudentials consist of "darkness falls"), has so many twists and turns that the film is impossible to keep up with. it becomes hard to seperate present from past and what's real from what's not. so many revelations happen that the audience will feel they are in the middle of the writer's mind, as he comes up with new ideas and tries to squeeze them in time after time after time. there is a limit to how many times you can use "surprise" revelation endings. vanderbilt uses three of four in a row, piled on top of each other, time after time after time. just as we think the plot twists are done, and we start to smile because we think we might finally understand the basis of the plot, something else happens, and we zoom in suspensefully on john travolta's face as he, along with the audience, realizes something.  the performances of basic's cast are a mixed bag: travolta is watchable as usual, and he brings a believable sense of self-assured cool to hardy, but he is frustratingly unable to contain his hammy instincts. the quality of a travolta performance appears to be inversely proportional to the volume of his voice.  when he's quiet, he's very good; when he yells, he quickly becomes a cartoon. this movie has enough credibility problems; it doesn't need a cartoon hero...if travolta is mixed news, connie nielsen is plain bad. it's not so much that she can't seem to make heads or tails of the convoluted story - heck, no one can. but she seems less to be stymied than just exceptionally stupid. the scenes that are supposed to establish romantic tension between her and travolta fall laughably flat. to top it off, she is saddled with some hollywood nimrod's notion of a southern accent, which blinks on and off like a turn signal. the smaller roles, though, fare much better. van holt as the prisoner does especially well, flavoring his defiance with feral intelligence. there is also nice work by taye diggs as the unit's misfit and tim daly (where has he been since "wings" folded?) as the base commander. the most memorable, though (and you sort of knew this already) is jackson. he has the lunatic drill instructor bit down pat, and delivers it with relish. his is the one character in basic who is supposed to be larger than life, in part because he is seen in flashback, which means that we are seeing not the man himself, but other people's impressions of him. in his commando sweater and poncho thrown over one shoulder like a warlord's cape, he looks twenty feet tall and invincible. still, one of jackson's great talents is his ability to project nuance and smarts to even the most unsubtle characters. his sgt. west is the shadow leaning over the whole incident, and the movie would have been smart to take more advantage of that.  the real disappointment in the supporting cast is the normally talented giovanni ribisi as the wounded survivor, a hospital-ward weirdo who is supposed to seem mysterious but mostly comes off as jokey and annoying. ribisi seems to have shoplifted his performance from gary oldman in "hannibal", down to his marble-mouthed line deliveries...though "basic" is shabbily conceived, it is at least presented well by john mctiernan, who manages to wring what tension may be had from the loopy script. the movie is lacking in the action set-pieces mctiernan usually employs, but he nails the atmosphere just right. the use of weather to convey emotion is certainly overdone, but it is still effective when done right, as it is here. the pounding, ever-present rain and the dim, shadow-tinged interior lighting gives the movie the feel of an approaching end, a kind of despairing resignation to horrible things. it's a shame that the drama can't keep up with its own visual metaphor.  it has its merits, but strains your suspension of disbelief beyond the breaking point, and washes its credibility away like bloodstains in a rainstorm.
john travolta and samuel l. jackson, again....so the first thing you need to know about this movie is that it sucks. it really does. i'm not sure who their military consultant was, but if samuel l. has specialist pins on his collars, you don't call him sargeant. women aren't allowed in the rangers (nunez), not my rules ladies, colonel styles looks a little young to be a colonel (even for the army), the army doesn't issue tiger stripe bdu's (mueller), the list goes on and on. this may not seem that important, but if you're gonna make a movie about the army, you could at least get some very basic (soory, could't resist) things correct. ...  yes, it's true that there are many twists and turns in this 'plot', but all that really means, at least in this case, is that they can multiply a weak and thin screenplay. hey, if we tell the same story a couple different ways, it makes the story really interesting, right? not so much. oh, and that scene where "specialist" west is standing on top of that shack with his pancho blowing like a villains cape? wow, who decided that was a good idea? i don't want to ruin the ending for you, because there's no point in even seeing this movie, and anyone with enough brain cells to operate the remote will figure out the 'finale' long before it makes its belated arrival. by the way, how do you follow someone in an army humvee w/out them knowing? seriously. please spend these 90 or minutes talking with your kid's, reading a book, excercising, writing a review... i dunno, something worthy of your precious time. you've been warned...by the way, connie nielsen looks hot w/ short red hair
the wayans family, j lo, and kelly left when they did and fast!!!!.ok, this season had a few funny sketches such as def strawberry jam commercial, dirty dozens, and some of the music video parodies such as snow, ike turner, and michael jacksons' billie jean or lil' timmy's not my lover - thats all you get!!!!  any true in livin' color fan would agree with me knowing that season 5 was what really cancelled the series for good.  it's bad enough that the series got butchered by many unfunny sketches, but the new actors were not funny at all (except for anna marie johnson from whats happenin' now),  the entire wayans clan dissappeared and kelly coffield (she was really funny -why she leave!?) and j lo left too.  besdies the fine deedra, you won't see any orginal fly girls and music guest attendance that come out at the end of each episode (shaq, eazy e, and patra)..warning - the fly girl's hip hop music will be switched to the generic techno crap on this release.  i will warn you that sketches will be removed, such as all of the music video parodies (like what was done for seasons 2-4)..these are really good reasons why not to get this because you will waste your hard earned money on a bad season and a half-ass dvd.  do not pay attention to other reviewers that think seasons 3 to 4 dvds plus this are good because they are not.  if they want to waste their money on half-ass dvd releases, then let them!!  as said before, you can tape the sketches that you want on bet at low low cost because at least you get the privilage to to filter out crap.
horrible, not challenging.with an quot;advancedquot; title, i thought this would be difficult.  instead, i did not even feel like i worked out.  the tape is very rushed and only does 1 or 2 reps before quickly moving on.  if you are looking for a challenging pilates tape, i would not recommend this one.  instead, check out the stott pilates tape
this is unwatchable..this movie makes me want to vomit. watching bio-dome is physically painful to the overwhelming majority of people
what were you thinking big bertha!.this movie doesn't even come close to as great as son-in-law was, i guess thats all i have to say
the worst movie i've ever seen.ok, judging from everyone else's review, a lot of people like this movie.  i can't figure out why.  there is absolutely nothing interesting or funny about it.  there is no plot whatsoever, no characters and no story.  it is just 2 hours of random people crossing the screen, never to be seen again.  what is possibly interesting about that
amazing movie, terrible "remastering".this is a review of the "ultimate collector's edition," not a review of the film itself. if you're considering the purchase of a two-disc special edition, you probably already know that the film is great; you just want to know if this slick package is worth the pricetag. ..in short, it's not. and let me be absolutely clear about one thing: i have known and loved this film for years. a few sequences look properly spectacular, but after watching this dvd on two separate (and high-quality) televisions, i'm amazed that all of the low-light scenes have been rendered almost completely dark. like, too dark to tell what's even *happening*. for instance, the scene where brad (harry carey, jr.) runs off to his death, the scene where marty's (jeffrey hunter's) "bride" is serving coffee along the river, and even the pre-dawn scenes leading up to the final storming of the comanche camp, are utterly lost in the dark. by contrast, the bare-bones 1997 dvd release features noticeably richer colors in the daytime scenes and total clarity in the low-light scenes i've just mentioned. don't waste your money on this special edition; you'll be much happier if you just shell out the $10.99 for the 1997 release.
don't waste your time !.i recommend you to not waste your time watching this movie. i'm a huge fan of christian and biblical movies, but this "acts" movie is a shame, it's ridiculous! there's an other film that i fully recommend: "the gospel of john", this one worths to be watched. the peace of the lord be with you
mr sam.the whole movie was good and word for word with the bible.the issue that i have is the acting played by james brolin did not show peter as commanding.also it seemed to me that there were not enough back ground actors.it was kind of dull
exciting true story?  a mere fiction really..if you are expecting an somewhat fun but fictional video about the competition for the fighters around 2030, then check this dvd out.  however, if you want to know the truth about this competition, might as well just do some research instead, because about 50% of this video is made up.  couple of examples :  first of all, on the boeing's side, none of the guys who acutally have the guts to design the triangular wing were on this video.  most of the footage were interviews to those 'politicans' and the managers.  second of all, some of the events described in this video were just plainly made-up.  boeing took the front nose-piece off not because the plane is too heavy.  acutally the navy changed their requirement and the new design was on the way, so that the front nose piece has to be taken off while the plane is tested at the same time.  the engineers on both sides spread blood and sweat for this, however, none of the details of at their work were shown.  ..for me as an aeronautical engineering student, it's a dissapointment.
yuck, lizard has made another crappy movie.i really don't know where to begin what was wrong with this stink fest. i was ready to quit watching the movie, and almost did, after the first ten minutes. besides the crappy acting and the false and really bad british accents, the movie has a bad plot that is very predictable to every horror movie fan. they give into every cliche and stereotype a horror movie can have. i knew everything that was going to happen before it did. i really don't know what's worse, this or  house of the dead. at least house of the dead is so bad it's funny, this is just sad. the movie is definitely not scary, i know what you did last summer is even scarier. overall, once again, b. lizard has managed to disappoint me.
at least there were plenty of boobs.this movie was awfull.  supertroopers was awsome and beerfest was even better, so i suppose they can be forgiven for this cinematic abortion
these guys made super troopers?.i disliked this movie almost as much i loved super troopers.  not sure if i would say it was awful, but it came close
the worst ever?.this is surely one of the worst movies ever made, and may indeed take the title.  no one can act, the plot (was there a script?) is absurd, the music is dreadful, and the director must have been high much of the time.  this comedy/horror film is neither funny nor slasher-enjoyable.  it's simply stupid.  have we as a people actually reached the point of cultural degradation symbolized by this film?..i saw this in prime time on the independent film channel.  it has permanently forfeited its reputation
kinda dumb.question: if you don't have a story or much talent, but you then throw a bunch of pretty young actors together on a tropical island, and introduce a lot of blood... will it make for an interesting movie? ..answer: no.
i would give this 0 stars if i could ....this was the biggest waste of money and time ever. we usually love foreign movies, but this was movie was the most boring, the absolute dullest, stupidest, biggest yawn ever. don't waste your money and time on a movie that depicts a stupid girl who makes dumb choices. to me, story is king. the movie has no story. nothing. if you want to try a foreign movie, look for these instead. you'll be glad you did. .* cinema paradiso (not the director's cut, the original).* jean de florette and manon of the spring.* billy elliott.* waking ned devine.* chocolat (well, not sure if this was "foreign" but it was sweet
fooled again.once again, i let other folks bs delude me into buying a piece of junk like this film.
universal appeal minus one.each of the seven cuts on this dvd explore combos of imaginative robotic instruments playing interesting, if not memorable, music..some of the instruments are ingenious, and you will certainly find favorite cuts that you will want to revisit.  the problem i had with this video is the lack of continuity.  based on the reviews, i expected to be more drawn into the video.  i hoped to be mesmerized for about an hour.  didn't happen!  i highly recommend this video for those of short attention-span
save your money!.this movie is not worthy of seeing.  don't waste your money on unimportant drivel like this...kate greenhouse stars as samantha goodman, a doctor at a psychiatric facility.  she learns in the first few minutes of the film that she has an inoperable brain tumor whose progress has only increased over the past year.  she has hallucinations and occasionally will blank out and see people's mouths moving, but hear no sound.  that's the first sign of things to come.  hmmmm....doctor....growing brain tumor....regular hallucinations....welcome to the stupid and predictable plot of the dark hours.  ..sam calls up her husband on the phone (she hallucinates that he's in her office talking to her) and tells him she wants to spend the weekend with him.  he knows she is sick and has a tumor, but he is not aware of the results she's gotten from the most recent tests.  he tells her that he is busy and he has to finish writing his book, so he can't.  he will be too busy with her younger sister, who is apparently jobless and still living at home.  she helps him "edit" his work...sam leaves and proceeds to join them anyway at their cabin in the woods.  not long after she arrives, there is a knock at the door, and a stranger comes into the house.  then the unthinkable happens--a patient of sam's who was in a coma and not likely to live suddenly shows up at their door too.  apparently the first guy is his accomplice, and they are out to torture and terrorize sam and her family...what's going on here really?  will sam be able to escape with her life?  and what will happen to her husband and her little sister?..you can find most of this info out from reading other reviews.  i just thought i would add my 2 cents worth.  i thought this movie was boring.  the acting was poor, especially sam's sister.  the psychopathic drifter, the madman's apprentice, was also very corny and poorly acted.  the plot twists were all supposed to be shocking revelations, but really they were simply predictable and staid.  they've been done before, and better, in many other films.  there was not a single moment of anything even resembling tension or scariness in this film.  ..i got this film for free, so i can't complain about wanting my money back.  however, to those of you who have not yet offered up your money, don't bother!  it's a huge waste of time.  go see something else that's more worthwhile, and leave this on the shelves where it belongs
for the best image quality, stick with the previous releases.warner bros really blew it with these new special edition releases of the chaplin films.  instead of transferring them to dvd from the original film sources, they merely converted some pal versions to ntsc.  so, while the new warner's dvds have better sound than the previous versions released by image entertainment, they are also slightly sped up due to the pal to ntsc conversion.  but, worst of all, as the laser examiner website noted, "the picture quality during normal playback is noticeably softer and less defined in texture as well as detail, and the overlaps make the motion fuzzy as well."  so, if you're a visual purist, you're probably better off grabbing the original image entertainment dvd releases of the chaplin films
what are the other reviewers on?.i got this film by default as it was coupled with the "legend of 1900" in a 2-dvd pack. i thought goodie ... i really like tim roth and in "1900" he is sparkiling, brilliant and ultimately very moving...the opening music of "bodies..." is about the best thing about the movie, and it keeps coming back throughout the film, which is a plus (stops you chucking things at the tv out of frustration anyway)...the rest of the movie is a complete pile of pants. the characters are universally unlikeable. roth seems to try his best with the rubbish script but fails as he has least likeable character of the bunch. you come away not knowing or caring about any of them. absolutley nothing happens in the movie (unless you count a totally gratuitous 'get your kit off' sex scene which isn't even well acted)...i have seen some lame films in my time but this really takes the cake. the characters were stoned though most of the film, and i can only assume some of the positive reviewers followed their example whilst watching...the amazing thing is it comes with a full length commentary and various other odds and ends. i started to watch the featurette, but the first 2 minutes were so self serving and pretentious i couldn't watch it. there is no way anyone could provide an interesting commentary!..if i could give less than one star i would, as it is all i could do was put the dvd in the bin. i retained the dvd case though, it was worth more...interestingly the double dvd set is considerably cheaper than "legend of 1900" on its own. i'd guess that's because anyone who is prepared to sit through this rubbish deserves a break on the other title...my advice - buy "legend of 1900" at full price and save yourself the grief
dull and boring.i know this is a character study but when you don't care at all about any of the characters, it's still hard to like it. i sat through the whole thing and at the end, didn't feel i knew the characters any better than i did at the beginning and i could have cared less what happened to them
i gave it a chance but....i have not heard much good about final fantasy unlimited, but i decided to give the show a chance since i am a final fantasy fan. the show did bring in many bits and pieces from the game series such as chocobos, the character cid, many summon creatures, and did a pretty good job with the fantasy setting. another positive for the show is the voice acting is overall, very good. the voices fits with the characters and the dubbing is well done. unfortunatley, these are only good remarks i have about the show...what is wrong with the show- quite a few things. first of all, the animation is odd. the combination of 3d graphics and 2d graphics did not fit together. also, many different animation sequences were used over and over again through the entire show. the show would have been better if all their time was spent on the 2d animation- adding shading, looking to see if characters looked proportional, and definitely better character design. of all the anime shows i have seen, this series takes the cake for the worst looking characters. i'm not talking about the main characters for they are fine, but the secondary characters and enemys look like they belong in a kiddy show. because of this horrible character design, it was difficult for me to get into the show. here is an example- the army of good guys are dressed in gray body suits with bulky black gloves, boots, and hoods; they have no muscle or facial definition at all and some of them appear fat; worst of all were their weapons- long pipes with which they blow darts out of. i often found myself laughing at the characters since they looked too ridiculous to be menacing or realistic...another big problem with the show was it became very predictable. in every single show, an enemy attacks the good guys and kaze uses his weapon, the magon, to save the day. the show quickly became boring. what annoyed me the most was the overkill with the chocobo pulling the little heroine girl's piggy tails. it wasn't funny the first time and it was dang annoying by the tenth time. another predictable thing was each time the show showed the evil emperor, he was eating some odd meal and loosely going over their evil plans. the writers had plenty of things to go more deeply into such as the conflict with makenshi and his brother, kaze's past and romance. i have seen tid bits of the manga and i believe a lot was left out...speaking of leaving things out, this is the last problem i had with final fantasy unlimited. at the end, there are many things i wanted to find out, mostly who died and who survived the final battle. it is left unknown if the kids, their parents, and the other main characters survived the ordeal and return home. also, the show never tells if the destroyed planets are restored. then there is the whole thing about the horrible monster omega and how his crystal fragments are scattered about wonderland. the show needed an extra episode or two to tie up these loose ends...i came with low expectations for the show and even then i was still disappointed. i highly suggest you don't waste your money on buying the dvd set or renting it
worst anime tv show i had seen in a few years.the only other ff material i've see is the movie and i didn't play any of the games yet so i'm not basing this review on that. after watching the first 3 dvdsand about 1/2 through the show i can say for me this show sucked. . the animation was bland and ugly looking. the c.g animation which was produced by gonzo was poor and didn't blend in at all.  (if you want good works by gonzo check out full metal panic, vandread, hellsing, gatekeepers and a few others).. the plot was seemed to aimed at kids under 12. 2 kids and an adult woman get on a train in an abandoned train station that leads them to a different world. there they meet a strange man(strong silent type). each episode goes something like this. the kids and woman get off the magic train at a strange place. the bad guy(kid??) sends his minions to where they 3 are. the man in black shows up(approx 7 min left in ep) and does nothing until the kids are in real danger then a light on his gun(attached to arm)turns on and he says "it has moved??" yells "soil is my power" (cue in 2 minute transformation sequence where he puts 3 different colored shells in it and shoots ) a creature pops out of the smoke and defeats the bad guy, then he goes away. the kids and woman then get back on train and the show is over.. that happens every single episode and there is very little plot development. come on at least pokemon has more of a plot.. this show is clearly aimed for kids 10 and younger which from what i understand is not a big "final fantasy" demographic. . strongly recommend a rental to see if you like it.
overrated.terrible movie. the movie is not funny at all. there is only about two jokes in the entire movie. this police academy wanna be just doesn't cut it, and will never be as funny as the original police academy. i don't even know why they are making club dread, i'd rather see scary movie. horrible, just horribl
kubrick was right: it's bad..spartacus is a depressingly awful, monumental bore awash in mushy sentimentality, unworthy of its subject and a disgrace to the roman empire. the film works best if viewed as a mini-film for the first hour until the revolt at the gladiator school. the saul bass opening credits are super-cool and the icky romance has not yet begun...unfortunately, things go from interesting if underwhelming to downright awful. olivier is an odious, pompous presence on screen, and the likes of the atrocious john gavin populate minor roles. don't get me started on tony curtis. worse still is that the entire film centers around wishy-washy notions of freedom and tyranny, but has neither the depth or intelligence to examine these with much interest. kubrick brings a workman like aspect to the proceedings but the best that can be said is that it's shot "well"
romans wore '50's style hairdoos?.historically inaccurate in many places. kirk douglass wears a ducktail. tony curtis's casting and performance are ridiculous. i'd watch "gladiator" 10 times before i'd sit through another showing of this movie
michael richards has destroyed "seinfeld"..after viewing the incident, i can no longer enjoy my seinfeld dvds. even more pathetic was his "apology" on letterman, which was nothing more than an attempt no doubt by jerry to stanch the negative publicity and keep sales of this box set from plummeting (and what disastrous timing!). as a result of what has happened i have taken all my seinfeld dvds and smashed them to pieces with a hammer and are now en route to the nearest landfill. richards career is over and done and no amount of "reaching out" or entreaties for "healing" and "understanding" will work. the damage is done.
stiflingly unfunny, strained, crude but rarely clever.i have yet to see an episode of family guy that i found to be funny, and i've tried it on more than one occasion just to be be sure i wasn't missing something great after hearing all the hype; i concluded that i definitely was not after repeated attempts to give the show a fair try. i've yet to figure out why anyone likes the show for any reason, least of all the humor. the show does have one redeeming quality, the voice acting. seth macfarlane, seth green and others do excellent work that i normally find funny, but the talent is wasted on this nonsense. ..i love comedy and animation and am a fan of many animated comedy shows: the simpsons, south park, futurama, venture bros., robot chicken, bullwinkle and others, and i have yet to see anything in family guy that makes it worth watching once, let alone repeatedly on dvd. the jokes are strained and have nothing to say, unlike the dark, incisive humor one finds in early the simpsons, or on futurama or south park. as for being funny without making any particular social commentary, there are still plenty of animated comedy shows that are better at this too, like harvey birdman or the now defunct but once great sealab 2021. ..save your money and buy the dvds of any of the other comedy shows mentioned above. avoid family guy the way homer simpson avoids spending time sober.
lovely film undone by an overwrought ending.house of flying daggers is almost everything you've heard it to be, a beautifully composed and designed film with ballet-like fight scenes.  the principle actors are attractive and engaging, the script offers surprising twists, but the end - the end undoes all the effort.  if you've seen director zhang yimou's hero, then there won't be many surprises about what happens to the characters in flying dagger's love triangle.  the ending is also reminiscent of the promise, another big-budget martial arts film about a doomed love triangle.  but where the endings of hero and the promise were annoyingly hokey, the conclusion to flying daggers is laughably bad.  ..death seemingly never ends.  one character falls with a gasp, a close-up shows eyes closed, the other characters anguish in reaction.  but wait!  the dead one isn't really dead and comes crawling back a few minutes later.  the same character appears to die yet again and lies so long in the field that the body is buried under snow.  a protracted fight ensues between the remaining characters in which they stab each other in the back with broadswords - yet remain alive to finish out the scene with the corpse that has crawled out of the snow.   blood from the ice-covered cadaver comes gushing out of a wound like water out of a hose, monty python-like, the music cues the final-final-final death, the body falls, and all you can do is roll your eyes and hope that this really is the end.  but it isn't.  the corpse-to-be opens its eyes one last time to choke out a farewell and an impaled survivor walks into the snowy horizon.  ..watch it at your own peril.
too much greenery.  not enough story..this started off great.  colorful imagery, tons of juicy eye candy, but somehow, even the magic of art could not compensate for the lack of a lasting, intriguing storyline.  i was fascinated at first, but i felt i needed more.  more of what?  i'm not quite sure.  but it seemed like, the forest the two characters take a journey through dominated the whole movie in a way i wish it hadn't.  i think it would have been better if they shot some scenes outside that bamboo forest, if maybe they shot to the emperor, or to a little village.  we had too much to focus on the forest, which means, they drowned us silly in the green of the leaves.  which was fine, except here, you are, as the viewer, watching these two characters' every move, and they are being chased by these soldiers, and yet where the soldiers come from is very abstract.  it is just a theory; you do not see the actual empire.  i would have liked to see that empire, or to see that village.  it would have painted a much clearer picture to me.  because, yes, the forest was lush and gorgeous, but shot after shot after shot of it just made it monotonous, and that forest could not compensate for the less than adequate storyline
flatten your belly.i have no real criticism of the product itself. it was, however, totally inappropriate for our purpose. the program displayed is based on the assumption that the user is young and healthy. in our case, that assumption is incorrect. the main problem is that i made an unwise purchase
for song  dance fans only."the band wagon" is one of the ny times' "1000 best films ever made," and i've seen about 300 of them.  you may be a big fan of the traditional hollywood musical, and if so, this is your kind of film.  personally the list of such films i've enjoyed is quite short, and it doesn't include "the band wagon."  this makes me sad, having just enjoyed fred  ginger's 1936 classic "swing time" from the ny times list.  however, where that film and gene kelly's "singin' in the rain" excel by sparkling between the song  dance numbers, "the band wagon" lags.  it's a shame, because there are a couple of brilliant moments here, the sparkling "shoe shine" dance on a set representing 42nd street and a lovely number with cyd charisse to "dancing in the dark."  other than that, and other than jack buchanan's comical turn as a master thespian, the whole thing just leaves me flat, especially the blah romance and idiotically cornball ending.  give me "fiddler on the roof" or those named above any day over this
drunks made me wanna get drunk.ok, first of all i've been to aa and lemme tell you it's not anything like the people in this movie... most people don't like to ramble on and on at aa meetings like every single person in this movie did. (i actually was forced to watch this at an alcohol class i had to take for a dwi)..i will admit addiction is a bitch, but these characters are over the top and unrealistic. ..sidenote: and this is coming from me someone whose been hospitalized for alcohol withdrawal, malnutrition, and drug 'overdoses' (when someone takes you to the er cause they think your gonna die) probably about 8 or 9 times (i went through a bad 5 year period in my life but i'm allot better now) .and i even had sex in rehab the highlight of my alcoholism!..my point is people who act like the people in this movie end up dead or in prison like 5 minutes after they leave there house. (example: the jerry lewis character "jim" i think it was.. he was trying to mainline heroin after he'd drank a fifth of whiskey a 6 pack of 24oz (= a 12 pack) and a dozens of mixed drinks at the bar...  ok, if he wasn't getting close to having alcohol poisoning and dying the heroin would have killed him right then and there.  the simple fact is real life addicts like this aren't addicts, they are statistics because they die...that's why this movie is unrealistic.  people in aa want help, not a pity party  ... and that's why i didn't like this movie, there is way to much "look at me, my life is horrible" whining...i mean even with all the bad things that happen to me i'm still pretty happy with my life, and have hope for the future =)..now i'm going to go buy a good movie that will make me happy..b/c this movie is a slap in the face to alcoholics and it'll only make you wanna drink even more.
glad it's not titled amp;quot;recoveryamp;quot;.after reading some of the reviews posted here, i decided to buy the movie. i expected a somewhat accurate view of an aa meeting and those involved in recovery.  .  . what i got was a movie with a wack-pack of mentally ill, self-centered individuals, self absorbed and rambling about their current quot;troubles of the dayquot;. if it were not for the aa window shades and slogans on the wall, i would have thought it was a remake of "cuckoo's nest".  .  . if i were the guy who "didn't have the problem" i would have left, dialed 911 and waited for the boys from bellevue to show up.  .  . richard lewis was right. better to get drunk than listen to those nuts. where's my bottle and where is my refund
this is not alcoholics anonymous.this movie does a very good job of portaying an alcoholic that has not yet found the program of alcoholics anonymous. the aa meetings in this movie are packed with self centered selfish and restless, irrtable and discontented people who meet to share their misery. real aa meetings offer experience, strength and hope, and the solution to how an alcoholic can live happy lives without alcohol
serious blow to the documentary genre.this film offers an insight into the narcisistic personality of an accused murderer but does little to forward the cause of justice or present a true picture of his trial.  i learned this the hard way.  i had never heard of the case until i saw the two hour tv special.  i was intrigued because of the overwhelming appearance of murder and yet it was a largely circumstantial case. i decided to view the 8 episode documentary.  i guess i should have been suspicious after viewing episode titles like "a prosecution trickery" and "a weak case."  i was floored when peterson said, "if she (caitlin, kathleen's daughter) had kept her mouth shut, we wouldn't be here.  she and candace (kathleen's sister)."  does that sound like an innocent person?  then there is the startling moment when the defense attorney waves a blowpoke around without a witness to explain where it was found, when it was found, and by whom.  (there was actually no evidence that it was found in the house--defense cross-examination of a witness with no knowledge of where it was found does not constitute evidence.)  still, those things may support a suspicion of guilt, but they don't constitute lack of reasonable doubt.  so i started doing research online and looking at actual trial transcripts and exhibits. i was shocked by what i discovered.   ..as others point out, this documentary omits crucial evidence that was admitted at trial, most notably how peterson gave a different alibi to the first responders ("i just went out to turn off the lights and came in") and that there was blood splatter inside the leg of is shorts that could only occur if he was standing over her.  while some omissions can be explained by the necessity to edit over 600 hours of film, the failure to include such crucial evidence creates a completely false impression and casts a dubious shadow over this documentary.  frankly, it's intellectually dishonest and manipulative.  (hmmm, who does that remind you of?)  i expected more integrity from this oscar-winning director.
agreed, full games are better.  i have them.i agree that just watching highlights of classic games does the game no justice at all.  you need to see the entire game, the ebb and flow, the momentum changes, the crowd, the blocks, the power run on 3rd and 2 that kept a touchdown driving going, etc. to fully appreciate the game.  i have just about every classic raiders game in its entirety.  the ghost to the post game, the holy roller, the super bowl wins, classic games against the dolphins and steelers.  email me for more information
i wish i could have given this 5 stars!.i have been a raiders fan since 1973 (i was in 6th grade), although i didn't really start following them until the 1975 season.  i just purchased this dvd last month.  i found it to be both thrilling and annoying.  in short - a missed opportunity!..i was thrilled that, for the first time on dvd, we can see highlights of some of the greatest moments in raider history!  i was annoyed, as i have been by all of the nfl dvd releases, because great football (even games that took place decades before) is not just about the highlights...imagine, if you will, if all you could buy or rent was the highlights of the james bond movies.  sure, we've seen the featurettes that show us clips of the great moments in history by sean connery, roger moore and company.  but what if that was all that was offered ?!!..what if, instead of being able to buy/rent a dvd of "goldfinger" or "the spy who loved me" and watch the entire film, unedited, uninterrupted, in stereo sound, wide-screen (and someday, high-definition!), we had to settle on just a few highlights, (with not even the original audio, but rather the voice-over of some generic commentator), in some made-for-cable compilation ?!..it would be unacceptable !..and i feel the same way about this dvd.  these classic games simply loose all of their original excitement and energy in these lifeless compilations.  it is time to bring these games back, in their original splendor.  with the original network commentaries.  just as they were originally aired (minus the commercials, of course).  no present day commentary or highlights (except, perhaps, as separate special features menue items, if there is room on the dvd).  no interruptions.  no editing.  just as it was originally aired.  isn't that, after all, the goal when we watch "goldfinger", for example, on our home theatre system?  to recreate the way it felt (or must have felt) when it was first viewed years ago?!..and the way the so-called "greatest game" was presented on disc 2 was little better than the highlights of disc 1.  it feels more like i'm watching a high school game that some parent filmed on their home movie camera.  where is the original network broadcast?!!! and put the current-day commentary where it belongs, on a separate special features menu item (or separate audio track that can be disabled, if one so chooses).  a game looses the momentum and feeling of live action when they cut out the suspense-building intervals in between the plays and interrupt with present-day commentary.  i want to see everything!  the huddles.  the side-lines moments.  the penalties.  just as it was.   uninterrupted!..in short, come on nfl.  get with it!  use some common sense.  when i set down to watch a classic game, i don't want an asinine and tedious history lesson.  i want to re-live that game, all of the original energy and excitement, just as it was when it was originally aired!  if you want to include some featurettes with highlights and commentary, that's fine.  i am as big a fan of special features as the next guy.  however, if your going to include irritating commentary by the opposition players, please include it on a separate menu item from the raiders' commentaries, so i can ignore it, if i so choose.  (by the way, one special feature that would be welcome would be an interactive menu of team and player statistics for the games on the dvd.)..let me finish by giving my plug for the games that i believe should be first in a new dvd series of complete games.  ..i vote for box sets with complete, unedited, games from the team that put the raiders on the road to its first world championship - the madden and stabler team of the 70's.  personally, i would like to see a box set including any and all raider playoff and championship games of 1972 thru 1975 (including the ones that they lost).  then a box set of the best games of the 1976 season (arguably the best raiders season ever), (or better yet, 2 or 3 box sets of all of the games of the 1976 season), including, of course the classic september 12, 1976 game* against the defending super bowl champion pittsburgh steelers, and the playoff and championship games that led to oakland's super bowl ix appearance.  (the actual raiders super bowl victory over the vikings would be included in one of a new series of complete super bowl games box sets)....* i consider this to be the greatest raider comeback (and one of the greatest games) of all-time, where stabler led the raiders to a 31 to 28 come from behind victory, including 17 unanswered points in the last 2:38 of the game.  this game is great not just because of the dramatic come-from-behind victory, but because it was the first victory over the steelers since the steelers began their super bowl dynasty of the 70's, defeating the steeler team that had kept the raiders from going to the super bowl two years in a row.  and it was the game that started the 1976 raiders team on their way to their best record ever (16-1-0) and their first super bowl championship ever!  see [...] for as more complete description of this game
intrigued at the movie cover.this is your typical soft porn.  wasn't very erotic and very predictable.  the girl on the cover is very familiar, but never appears in the movie.  that was why i bought it because i remembered the woman on the cover of the movie, but she is not even in the movie...don't waste $$ on this one.  just go rent a real x
these were not worth buying.i saw all of the movies in this box set and they were all boring. don't believe the hype. i read the reviews on this box set and they were wonderful. i bought them because of the reviews and boy did i ever waste my money on such bad movies. save your money and do not buy this box set
you'll never get rich.this is not one of fred's better efforts,  the dancing is so so and rita hayworth is among his poorest dance partners.  lacks the glamor and sex appeal of the astaire/rogers films.  in spite of these shortcomings the film is worth watching
disgusting!.the viuals were good, the actors were bad and the story line just blows
great visuals but couldn't stomach the horrible dialogue.i am a big fan of frank miller's work and i loved reading the graphic novels the movie was adapted from. when i saw this film i was blown away by the visuals. it had an amazing graphic style that was very different than anything i had seen in a movie before...having mentioned it's good points i have to say i was enormously disappointed with the dialogue and some of the story adaptation to screen. it seems to me those involved in the screenplay and production were too concerned with adapting this in an overly faithful manner from the graphic novel to the big screen. for the most part the bad dialogue and some of the terrible acting in parts were just too painful to sit through. i had to keep checking to see if my ears were bleeding yet...each extraordinarily bad line or horribly acted sequence made we wince like i was being mugged. what works in a graphic novel doesn't necessarily work as well when adapted directly to screen without a bit more adaptation than you'll see here. all the characters were severely and tragically 2-dimensional with none of the depth you get from reading the graphic novel and very little attention was paid to developing better dialogue suitable for a big screen experience. also, many of the big name actors in this movie were capable of much better performances than they displayed here...purists and rabid fans of the graphic novel may be capable of somehow finding a way to look past all the terrible acting and awful dialogue that is rife throughout the film. however, my bottom line opinion is it's a good film to watch for the visual look only, but you will almost certainly enjoy it far more if you keep the 'mute' button on. this film had the potential to be truly great but it is extremely disappointing that it fell so far short of that mark
briefless ! [encounters].just imagine what the trevor howard / celia johnson would  [could?] have been like if they had this freedom???..also imagine the make-up artist ['hair' dresser?];  and the, err ....  focus puller on this one's set ........no, no, no!  although rather brave - who the heck cares?  it's all very natural and somewhat vaguely contemporary, but really - why bother?   as our beloved peter finch [i think] said in "sunday, bloody sunday" - here come those boring old  t..s again!"..as for safe sex?   [the lady during a half-pant or two - breathlessly demands 'protection' from the, err..'intruder' .... unrealistic, regarding the intensity of their meeting{s}, and their obsession with each other's body parts]...simone signoret and laurence harvey were by far more interesting in their plastic raincoats on a windswept beach [ditto kerr and lancaster]...brando/schneider also bogard/rampling were far more tortured in their versions along the same theme...then ... we will always have "intermezzo"/"in the realm of the senses".
below average --.the story is ok, but the acting is a bit off and the movie drags to much... but if your looking for some raunchy sex  there is a non-simulated oral sex scene in it
does not deserve a star.horrible..not funny..i have no idea how people can say this is a good movie..ok now i personally, am a adam sandler fan, but i just hated this movie. accually, i hated it so much, i couldnt even finish it and we had to give it away. i recomend you do not waist your time with this horrible excuse for a movie.
pan  scan marginalizes the presentation.unfortunately, the image is cropped to full screen.  ironically, the trailer included on the disc is in 16x9
too much of a loud thing.it was easy to admire the comic and auditory genius of this group in their "tubes" review.  but if you're expecting more of the whimsical, connected kind of humor you got from the andrew wyeth painting sketch (remember? the one with the twinkies?), you can forget it.  the "rock star" program is very light on blue men and extremely long on group.  the blue guys showed up this time just to front an overly loud band in a long program of sound-alike car crash impressions.  and they abdicate nearly a third of the show to clever but pointless video animations that seem to go on forever..there are a couple of redeeming moments.  the blue heads in the tv monitors for the bit about escaping planet earth is classic blue man.  but save yourself some money and a lot of ear pain by searching for it online and watching it on your computer.  when you've seen that... you've seen all that is reminiscent of the charm and subtle humor of "tubes.".whatever you do... don't cough up the sixty bucks to see this thing live
james bond collection, vol. 1.although i'm not sure who's at fault, i ordered all three volumes of the james bond collections, from three different sellers.  this seller failed to include the box for the set, which angered me.  i was pretty sure that it did not say in his description that the box wasn't included!  he is purchasing the movies individually and selling them as a box set (to command more money)and to me that is very misleading!  i wanted to have all three box sets and ended up with 7 seperate bond movies without the box!  i won't ever buy from this seller again
great...more bond....great, they brought out more james bond. as if the original dr. no theme wasn't annoying enough before, now it sounds twice as good (or bad if you don't like the music). and if you dont want to spend more than $100.00 each set, watch spike tv during thanksgiving - they repeat all the james bond movies so much it really gets on your nerves. good stories, the movies weren't so good..
waste of time and money.awful. only made it through 2 episodes. definately british so-called "humor". would not make my enemies watch this. this sounds like a harsh review, but this was the kindest way i could put it
